he's still waiting for her to come back	he's still waiting for her to come back
He wasn't able to remember their first kiss.	He wasn't able to remember their first kiss.
She would have done.	She would have done.
He couldn't remember the first time they made love.	He couldn't remember the first time they made love.
She would have done.	She would have done.
He wasn't able to even remember her voice, her smile, her smell...	He wasn't able to even remember her voice, her smile, her smell...
She would have done.	She would have done.
The only thing he was able to remember after loosing her was her hands.	The only thing he was able to remember after loosing her was her hands.
The 	The 
way she used to touch softly his face.	way she used to touch softly his face.
He used to remember how those little hands made him feel every time she had touched him, not only every inch of his warm skin, but all of him...	He used to remember how those little hands made him feel every time she had touched him, not only every inch of his warm skin, but all of him...
drunk because of you	drunk because of you
I feel guilty, but I don't know why.	I feel guilty, but I don't know why.
Maybe, that relationship based in what we have called love, wasn't love but hate.	Maybe, that relationship based in what we have called love, wasn't love but hate.
Even rage.	Even rage.
Now I'm here.	Now I'm here.
Alone.	Alone.
In our home.	In our home.
That place full of memories that hurt me more than you already did.	That place full of memories that hurt me more than you already did.
Why.	Why.
I'm not sure.	I'm not sure.
Maybe it's because I'm still missing you, because I'm still 	Maybe it's because I'm still missing you, because I'm still 
loving you.	loving you.
However, I can't go back to the moment I saw you with your arms.	However, I can't go back to the moment I saw you with your arms.
You were 	You were 
kissing a lips that weren't mine.	kizssing a lips that weren't mine.
Even now, I can feel your hands touching her 	Even now, I can feel your hands touching her 
skin like you didn't touch mine.	skin like you didn't touch mine.
So when I gasped in horror and you just looked at me, eyes filled with a lust that I didn't see before in them, I knew that "we" was over.	So when I gasped in horror and you just looked at me, eyes filled with a lust that I didn't see before in them, I knew that "we" was over.
Since that moment, the word "we" was broken.	Since that moment, the word "we" was broken.
Now we're not us anymore but you and I	Now we're not us anymore but you and I
But, even if we're just you and I, I still have to get drunk because of this 	But, even if we're just you and I, I still have to get drunk because of this 
loneliness	loneliness
Smile to me	Smile to me
"Please, smile"	"Please, smile"
"No"	"No"
The girl in a long shirt pouted once again and his boyfriend just sighed	The girl in a long shirt pouted once again and his boyfriend just sighed
"Why not, babe?	"Why not, babe?
Come on, it's just a simple as it seems"	Come on, it's just a simple as it seems"
"No" the girl said once again, crossing her arms over her chest at the same time 	"No" the girl said once again, crossing her arms over her chest at the same time 
that she pressed her lips with more strength than just a second ago.	that she pressed her lips with more strength than just a second ago.
"But, why not?" the boy enquired, holding her tight.	"But, why not?" the boy enquired, holding her tight.
"Hate my braces.	"Hate my braces.
Don't want you to take more photographs, please" the girl begged, making him smile.	Don't want you to take more photographs, please" the girl begged, making him smile.
"Ok.	"Ok.
Then, I'll have to smile for both of us"	Then, I'll have to smile for both of us"
Waiting for you	Waiting for you
Waiting him is what she hates the most.	Waiting for him is what she hates the most.
10.35 pm 	10.35 pm 
He’s not at home yet.	He’s not at home yet.
A soft whimper breaks the silence.	A soft whimper breaks the silence.
She looks again the old clock.	She looks again at the old clock.
11.05 pm	11.05 pm
“Where are you?”	“Where are you?”
11.30 pm	11.30 pm
The silence is surrounding her and she can help trembling while thinks about him.	The silence is surrounding her, and she can't help trembling while she thinks about him.
The living-room is cold, so is she.	The living room is cold, so is she.
11.55 pm	11.55 pm
“Where are you?”	“Where are you?”
Her voice is a whisper that disappears into the living-room like a dream does when the night is over.	Her voice is a whisper that disappears into the living room like a dream does when the night is over.
“I’m waiting for you… where are you?”	“I’m waiting for you… where are you?”
12.15 am	12.15 am
She can stand it anymore and turn on the tv and her eyes got fixed on the screen.	She can't stand it anymore and turns on the tv, and her eyes become fixed on the screen.
Breaking news:	Breaking news:
A young man dies in a horrible car accident.	A young man dies in a horrible car accident.
The culprit was driving under the influence of drugs and he hit the young man that was waiting for the last bus….	The culprit was driving under the influence of drugs and he hit the young man that was waiting for the last bus….
The sound of keys makes her jump and run though the corridor.	The sound of keys makes her jump and run though the corridor.
She needs to reach the main door, she needs to know that he’s fine… alive.	She needs to reach the main door, she needs to know that he’s fine… alive.
Breathless, she finally arrives there to find him putting his shoes off and she’s unable to control herself and holds him so tight that he can breathe.	Breathless, she finally arrives there to find him taking his shoes off and she’s unable to control herself and holds him so tightly that he can't breathe.
$“Hey, what’s wrong, babe?” the boy asks softy, he’s tired because of work.	$“Hey, what’s wrong, babe?” the boy asks softy, he’s tired because of work.
“Nothing, you’re here, that’s the only thing I need right now”	“Nothing, you’re here, that’s the only thing I need right now”
Smiling, the boy kisses her head and pulls her away softy “It’s late, you should be sleeping, no waiting for me” he says tenderly “You know I won’t be sleeping until you’ll be here” Narrowing his eyes, the boy walks through the corridor until he realizes the TV is still on.	Smiling, the boy kisses her head and pulls her away softy “It’s late, you should be sleeping, not waiting for me” he says tenderly “You know I won’t be sleeping until you're here." Narrowing his eyes, the boy walks through the corridor until he realizes the TV is still on.
“Go to our room, I’ll turn off the TV and the lights” 	“Go to our room, I’ll turn off the TV and the lights” 
In silence, he crosses the door and his eyes glues on the screen.	In silence, he crosses the door and his eyes glued on the screen.
A man’s bloody body lies on the road and next to him; a young woman cries her lungs out while two policemen try to avoid her to look at the cadaver.	A man’s bloody body lies on the road and next to him; a young woman cries her lungs out while two policemen try to avoid her to look at the cadaver.
Feeling goosebumps he turns off the TV and goes to their room.	Feeling goosebumps he turns off the TV and goes to their room.
There, he holds her tight making her smile.	There, he holds her tightly making her smile.
“Now you’re here I can sleep”	“Now that you’re here I can sleep”
For the first time in five years, he understands why she’s always waiting for him to come back home.	For the first time in five years, he understands why she’s always waiting for him to come back home.
ANSWER AN INFORMAL LETTER	ANSWER AN INFORMAL LETTER
25 Olive tree street	25 Olive tree street
18300 Granada	18300 Granada
2nd September 2011-08-29	2nd September 2011-08-29
Dear Mrs Sanders	Dear Mrs Sanders
Thank you for your letter.	Thank you for your letter.
I´m very happy to staying with you during my English	I´m very happy to staying with you during my English
course.	course.
I´m arriving al Gatwick airport next 25th September at eight o´clock.	I´m arriving al Gatwick airport next 25th September at eight o´clock.
Are you going to pick me up at the airport?	Are you going to pick me up at the airport?
If you are busy this day, I´ll get a train to London from the airport.	If you are busy this day, I´ll get a train to London from the airport.
How can I go to the station until your house?	How can I go to the station until your house?
Do I have to get a taxi?	Do I have to get a taxi?
Or, can I go on foot.	Or, can I go on foot.
May I have a single room?	May I have a single room?
I feel uncomfortable with people I don´t know.	I feel uncomfortable with people I don´t know.
And, how	And, how
much does the room cost?	much does the room cost?
Are the meals included?	Are the meals included?
About the meals, I´m allergic to pineapple, so I can´t eat anything with that fruit, but there isn´t any problem with another food because I like all food	About the meals, I´m allergic to pineapple, so I can´t eat anything with that fruit, but there isn´t any problem with another food because I like all food
I used to have for breakfast an orange juice, but now I prefer white coffee (I know that coffee is worse than juice, but when you need wake up, coffee is better than orange fruit)	I used to have for breakfast an orange juice, but now I prefer white coffee (I know that coffee is worse than juice, but when you need wake up, coffee is better than orange fruit)
When my English course finish, I´d like to stay one week more becuse I´ve never been in London before, so I´d like to go sightseeing with my boyfriend.	When my English course finish, I´d like to stay one week more becuse I´ve never been in London before, so I´d like to go sightseeing with my boyfriend.
Can he stay with us in your house this week?	Can he stay with us in your house this week?
Looking forwards to hearing from you	Looking forwards to hearing from you
Best wishes	Best wishes
Ángeles	Ángeles
WRITE ABOUT YOUR FAVOURITE PHOTO	WRITE ABOUT YOUR FAVOURITE PHOTO
My favourite photo was taken by my brother in 1998.	My favourite photo was taken by my brother in 1998.
It was a summer day, when my	It was a summer day, when my
family and I decided to go to the first house where my parents lived.	family and I decided to go to the first house where my parents lived.
It was a country house which had fields around it, where you can cultivate tomatoes, garlics, beans...	It was a country house which had fields around it, where you can cultivate tomatoes, garlics, beans...
When my parents married, abuout fifty years ago, my father planted an olive tree, so that day tree was grown a lot and it gave a big shadows	When my parents married, abuout fifty years ago, my father planted an olive tree, so that day tree was grown a lot and it gave a big shadows
That day was boiling, so we decided go out to have a lunch under that tree.	That day was boiling, so we decided go out to have a lunch under that tree.
When we were eating, my brother took the photo.	When we were eating, my brother took the photo.
I like this photo because it was a nice day wiht my family, and the photo is wonderful: we were sitting on the grownd, next to the olive tree and the countryside looks beautiful	I like this photo because it was a nice day wiht my family, and the photo is wonderful: we were sitting on the grownd, next to the olive tree and the countryside looks beautiful
I keep this photo in a night tble, nd when I go to sleep I look at it, and I remember that	I keep this photo in a night tble, nd when I go to sleep I look at it, and I remember that
day.	day.
e-mail	e-mail
Hi Juan	Hi Juan
My name is Alejandra, and I´m Spanish, I live in the Southeast of Spain	My name is Alejandra, and I´m Spanish, I live in the Southeast of Spain
I´m thirty-five years old, I have long hair, and I´m very tall, but I´m not very slim	I´m thirty-five years old, I have long hair, and I´m very tall, but I´m not very slim
because I don´t do any exercise, but at least I don´t smoke	because I don´t do any exercise, but at least I don´t smoke
I´m a chemestry teacher and I work in a secondary school in Vera which It´s too far	I´m a chemestry teacher and I work in a secondary school in Vera which It´s too far
from my parents´ house where I live, so I need to rent a flat every year near my school.	from my parents´ house where I live, so I need to rent a flat every year near my school.
I live whit my brother Jonh, he is older than me and he works in a shop	I live whit my brother Jonh, he is older than me and he works in a shop
In my free time I love reading and go to the cinema (I usually go to the cinema every	In my free time I love reading and go to the cinema (I usually go to the cinema every
Friday afternoon)	Friday afternoon)
Now I´m studying English and that is the reason why I´m looking for friends on Internet	Now I´m studying English and that is the reason why I´m looking for friends on Internet
to writte them and tried to improve my English level	to writte them and tried to improve my English level
Please writte soon and tell me about you and your life	Please writte soon and tell me about you and your life
Best wishes	Best wishes
Alejandra	Alejandra
Introduce yourself 	Introduce yourself 
My name is Juan.	My name is Juan.
I am Spanish.	I am Spanish.
I live in the southeast of Spain.	I live in the southeast of Spain.
I am unemployed but I have worked as delivery man, cashier or personal assistant.	I am unemployed but I have worked as delivery man, cashier or personal assistant.
I have a girlfriend, she is a highschool teacher.	I have a girlfriend, she is a highschool teacher.
She lives an hour away from my house.	She lives an hour away from my house.
I weigh 200 pounds and I measure 6 feet.	I weigh 200 pounds and I measure 6 feet.
I have black hair.	I have black hair.
I am a bit shy and a little quiet.	I am a bit shy and a little quiet.
The Christmas Eve	The Christmas Eve
Today is the Christmas Eve.	Today is the Christmas Eve.
I have been in my uncle's house.	I have been in my uncle's house.
we have been eateng a lot of food.	we have been eateng a lot of food.
And we have been spoken between us.	And we have been spoken between us.
we have been watched a movie on the television.	we have been watched a movie on the television.
The movie that we have watched is Love Actualy.	The movie that we have watched is Love Actualy.
This movie treats of several persons who known an other peaple.	This movie treats of several persons who known an other peaple.
And they fall in love.	And they fall in love.
there are several relationship and all of them are connected.	there are several relationship and all of them are connected.
this movie is one of the movies I like.	this movie is one of the movies I like.
The personal computers in our lives	The personal computers in our lives
today 'm going to write about how have the personal computer changed our lives in so little time.	today 'm going to write about how have the personal computer changed our lives in so little time.
When i was a little boy arrived at home my first personal computer.	When i was a little boy arrived at home my first personal computer.
I don't know that It was that.	I don't know that It was that.
And then my father did that it worked.	And then my father did that it worked.
I saw to turn on and I shake the mouse.	I saw to turn on and I shake the mouse.
When I was young the computer only used it to play.	When I was young the computer only used it to play.
Now the personal computer are impartants things in our lives.	Now the personal computer are impartants things in our lives.
We don't live without its.	We don't live without its.
And sometimes the most time we were in front of it.	And sometimes the most time we were in front of it.
we need it to work, to comunicate with the people, to play, to enjoy, and to show films and other activities.	we need it to work, to comunicate with the people, to play, to enjoy, and to show films and other activities.
hello	hello
Hello, my name is kuvian and this is my first text that i write.	Hello, my name is kuvian and this is my first text that i write.
I'm twenty one years old.	I'm twenty one years old.
I'm a student of architecture in Madrid.	I'm a student of architecture in Madrid.
I want to learn English because i need it to my future.	I want to learn English because i need it for my future.
the english is very necessary.	the english is very necessary.
I want to go to a country which its official language is English to learn and improve my English.	I want to go to the country where English is official language and I want to learn and improve my English.
Intonation of questions	Intonation of questions
Guys, I need your help with intonation of questions in English, which is very different from the one we use in Spanish.	Guys, I need your help with intonation of questions in English, which is very different from the one we use in Spanish.
I've read that when it comes to yes-no questions (questions whose answers are "yes" or "no"), the intonation rises, and when speakers ask a wh-question (questions which begin with "who", "when", "how", etc), the intonation falls.	I've read that when it comes to yes-no questions (questions whose answers are "yes" or "no"), the intonation rises, and when speakers ask a wh-question (questions which begin with "who", "when", "how", etc), the intonation falls.
Is this so?	Is this so?
Thanks =) 	Thanks =) 
Politeness and rudeness	Politeness and rudeness
Hey, guys!	Hey guys!
A topic which I find fascinating is politeness and rudeness in English.	A topic which I find fascinating is politeness and rudeness in English.
I've noticed that being polite in English-speaking cultures is extremely important, whereas it's not so in Argentina.	I've noticed that being polite in English-speaking cultures is extremely important, whereas it's not so important here in Argentina.
I've noticed that being polite in English-speaking cultures is extremely important, whereas it's not so in Argentina.	I've noticed that being polite in English-speaking cultures is extremely important, whereas it isn't so much here in Argentina.
For instance, I've been told that saying "What?" when you haven't understood what somebody has just said is not good manners.	For instance, I've been told that saying "What?" when you haven't understood what somebody has just said is not good manners.  
Instead, you should say: "I'm sorry, could you repeat that?", "Sorry, didn't quite catch that".	Instead, you should say: "I'm sorry, could you repeat that?", "Sorry, didn't quite catch that". The second example seems very British, but both are quite polite."
Instead, you should say: "I'm sorry, could you repeat that?", "Sorry, didn't quite catch that".	Instead, you should say: "I'm sorry, could you repeat that?", "Sorry, I didn't quite catch that".
Do you agree with this?	Do you agree with this?
Could you give me any more examples of politeness and rudeness in English?	Could you give me any more examples of politeness and rudeness in English?
Thanks =)	Thanks =)
 People can chance	 People can change
I think people can change if they want, are you agree with me?	I think people can change if they want, do you agree with me?
and especially if is about love.	especially if it's about love.
I believe perhaps is hard but it´s not impossible.	I believe perhaps it's hard but it´s not impossible.
commercial “The Out cold tablets” 	commercial “The Out cold tablets” 
Dauhter 1: Uuuuuyyyy mammy I feel bad!!	Dauhter 1: Uuuuuyyyy mammy I feel bad!!
I have a terrible headache and sore muscles!	I have a terrible headache and sore muscles!
I can not stand them.	I can not stand them.
Daughter 2:Hayy mammy I feel bad too.	Daughter 2:Hayy mammy I feel bad too.
I have cough, backache and insufferable flu.	I have cough, backache and insufferable flu.
Both daughters: What do we do?	Both daughters: What do we do?
Mother: Oh My daughters… I know!	Mother: Oh My daughters… I know!
I´ll give to you lemon with honey, because I don´t have money to take them to doctor…	I´ll give to you lemon with honey, because I don´t have money to take them to doctor…
Dr.: No!	Dr.: No!
Give them “Out cold tablets” They are the best...	Give them “Out cold tablets” They are the best...
Also this medicament don´t need prescription.	Also this medicament don´t need prescription.
It acts against all symptoms of the cold in just 15 minutes.	It acts against all symptoms of the cold in just 15 minutes.
(Mother gives the tablets to her daughters and passes 15 minutes)	(Mother gives the tablets to her daughters and passes 15 minutes)
Daughter 1: I feel fine.	Daughter 1: I feel fine.
Daughter 2: me too.	Daughter 2: me too.
I´m happy	I´m happy
Mother: wow!	Mother: wow!
Only 15 minutes!	Only 15 minutes!
The doctor had the reason!!	The doctor had the reason!!
Dr.: “Out cold tablets” for the quick relief against the cold!!	Dr.: “Out cold tablets” for the quick relief against the cold!!
hello	hello
hello , I need lerarn english .	hello , I need lerarn english .
i have a question 	I have a question 
what shall i write here?	What shall I write here?
jejejeje a friend told me that my memories it's true?	jejejeje a friend told me I should write about my memories, is that true?
:) well i hope someone answer it :)	:) well I hope someone answers it :)
hallo 	hallo 
well , I will introduce myself , my name is Eric i am from Colombia :D latin america, hallo !	Well , I will introduce myself. My name is Eric. I am from Colombia :D Latin America! Hallo !
Ps: i know is hello :) it's xD only cool like deutsch 	P.S. : I know it is hello :) it's xD only cool like German
Yumiko is retiring	Yumiko is retiring
Well, first of all I have to say that i'm a huge fan of Takarazuka Revue, an all-female japanese theater; where girls perfom women and men.	Well, first of all I have to say that i'm a huge fan of Takarazuka Revue, an all-female japanese theater; where girls perfom women and men.
The fact is that Takarazuka has many stars, who have a big troupe of fans, I'm one of them, and my favorite stars have been Sena Jun, Haruno Sumire, Mizu Natsuki, Todoroki Yuu, Yamato Yuuga, Ranju Tomu, Ouki Kaname, Otozuki Kei, Shizuki Asato, Wao Youka, Hanafusa Mari, Shirahane Yuri, Hizuki Hana, Asami Hikaru, Aran Kei, Wataru Kozuki, Kei Takashiro, Fuzuki Miyo, Ozuki Tooma, Ayaki Nao, Kiriya Hiromu, Ayano Kanami, Yuki Amami, Maya Miki, Mayo Suzukaze, Ayana Oto, Ayabuki Mao, yes, there have been many, and I didn't write all of them...	The fact is that Takarazuka has many stars, who have a big troupe of fans, I'm one of them, and my favorite stars have been Sena Jun, Haruno Sumire, Mizu Natsuki, Todoroki Yuu, Yamato Yuuga, Ranju Tomu, Ouki Kaname, Otozuki Kei, Shizuki Asato, Wao Youka, Hanafusa Mari, Shirahane Yuri, Hizuki Hana, Asami Hikaru, Aran Kei, Wataru Kozuki, Kei Takashiro, Fuzuki Miyo, Ozuki Tooma, Ayaki Nao, Kiriya Hiromu, Ayano Kanami, Yuki Amami, Maya Miki, Mayo Suzukaze, Ayana Oto, Ayabuki Mao, yes, there have been many, and I didn't write all of them...
I hope I didn't forget someone very important to me.	I hope I didn't forget someone very important to me.
The fact is that the last one mentioned, Ayabuki Mao, nicknamed Yumiko, announced her retirement a few days ago; it was a shock, a huge one.	The fact is that the last one mentioned, Ayabuki Mao, nicknamed Yumiko, announced her retirement a few days ago; it was a shock, a huge one.
She didn't get the most important position inside the theather, I mean she didn't become a top star.	She didn't get the most important position inside the theather, I mean she didn't become a top star.
For me she was all my life, I really had the hope I would see her one day (actually I live in Perú, and she is in Japan, so...	For me she was all my life, I really had the hope I would see her one day (actually I live in Perú, and she is in Japan, so...
 ) and now my whole dream was broken.	 ) and now my whole dream was broken.
I have been so sad these days that I didn't go to the university (I'm 18), so you could imagine how I feel...	I have been so sad these days that I didn't go to the university (I'm 18), so you could imagine how I feel...
We don't know the reasons why is she retiring, may be we would never know.	We don't know the reasons why is she retiring, may be we would never know.
But I still hope to see her one day, it doesn't matter when, where and how...	But I still hope to see her one day, it doesn't matter when, where and how...
I only want to see her smile and her cute dimples.	I only want to see her smile and her cute dimples.
I have to say you 'sayonara' my dear Yumi-chan.	I have to say you 'sayonara' my dear Yumi-chan.
Panettone	Panettone
It is not the typical bread we eat in Christmas, Panettone is my dog's name, he's an one year old boy-dog, and even if we have another five dogs and I love all of them he's my favorite one ^^ 	It is not the typical bread we eat during Christmas. Panettone is my dog's name, he's an one year old -male dog. Even though we have another five dogs and I love all of them, he's my favorite one ^^ 
It is not the typical bread we eat in Christmas, Panettone is my dog's name, he's an one year old boy-dog, and even if we have another five dogs and I love all of them he's my favorite one ^^ 	No, not the bread we usually eat at Christmas: Panettone is my dog's name, he's an one year old boy-dog, and even if we have another five dogs and I love all of them, he's my favorite one ^^
Why?	Why?
Well, may be I saw him growing up, without a mommy, I used to sing for him and we used to run many kilometers under the blue sky or the cold rain, I take care of him when he's ill, when I'm crying he seems to know what happens to me and stay with me whining so cutely ^^ I really love him.	Well, maybe because I saw him growing up without a mommy. I used to sing for him and we used to run many kilometers under the blue sky or the cold rain. I take care of him when he's ill, when I'm crying he seems to know what happens to me and stay with me whining so cutely ^^ I really love him.
Sadly since the university started I don't have enough time to stay with him...	Sadly since the university started I don't have enough time to stay with him...
he's with the another ones living in the country, and I'm here in the city alone...	He's with the other ones living in the country, and I'm here in the city alone...
I miss him so so much, I wish I could have him here now I'm about to cry...	I miss him so so much, I wish I could have him here now I'm about to cry...
Ballet	Ballet
This year I've started to study ballet, it's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child, or at least that was I always tought, but I was lucky to have the chance.	This year I've started to study ballet. It's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child, or at least that was I always thought, but I was lucky to have the chance.
This year I've started to study ballet, it's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child, or at least that was I always tought, but I was lucky to have the chance.	This year I started taking ballet lessons. They say you can only become good at ballet if you begin practicing as a child (at least that's what I've always heard), but I think I'm lucky to have the chance now.
I won't lie, I was really ashamed because I was the oldest of the girls there, but with time passing I learnt to enjoy it ^^	It was embarrassing at first because I was the oldest girl there, but with time I've learned to enjoy it ^^
Our professor always says: "I will never permit my students to be less than me, you have to be equal or better than me" 	Our teacher always says "I will never allow my students to be less than me. You have to become at least as good as me." 
This month he wants our debut as a ballet company, not only as a academy, so we are doing a show with another academies of Peru, Chile and Argentina.	This month he wants our us to debut as a ballet company, not only as a academy, so we are doing to do a show with other academies from Peru, Chile and Argentina.
This month he wants our debut as a ballet company, not only as a academy, so we are doing a show with another academies of Peru, Chile and Argentina.	This month he wants us to debut as a ballet company, not only as a academy, so we are going to do a show with other academies from Peru, Chile and Argentina.
Rehearsals have been really hard, but everyone is motivated with the idea and we are doing our best.	Rehearsals have been really hard, but everyone is motivated with the idea and we are doing our best.
We are doing "Coppelia", even if we are not proffesionals dancers just adding a little of fun to the original play is doing it great.	We are doing "Coppelia", even though we are not professional dancers. We are adding a little bit of fun to the original play and it is going it great.
I'm really excited and really tired ^^	I'm really excited and really tired ^^
Feeling the wind	Feeling the wind
My vacation days are nearly over, so I tought it was a good time to get some wind.	My vacation days are nearly over, so I thought it was a good time to get some wind.
I went to my parent's farm and from the third floor of our home I enjoyed the whole day feeling the wind and watching the far ocean, I was thrilled until the day ended, it has been so wonderful that I didn't want my day to finish.	I went to my parent's farm and from the third floor of our home I enjoyed the whole day feeling the wind and watching the far ocean. I was thrilled until the day ended, it had been so wonderful that I didn't want my day to finish.
I went to my parent's farm and from the third floor of our home I enjoyed the whole day feeling the wind and watching the far ocean, I was thrilled until the day ended, it has been so wonderful that I didn't want my day to finish.	I went to my parents' farm and from the third floor of our home I enjoyed feeling the wind all day and watching the faraway ocean. I was thrilled until the day ended; it had been so wonderful that I didn't want my day to end.
I eat there, I heard some music there, I read some of my favorites fics there and I had a lot of fun ^^ alone, I like to be alone most of the time, judging I have a sister she wouldn't like to stay the whole day under the sun anyway, I know ^^ 	I ate there, listened to some music, read some of my favorite fics and had a lot of fun alone. I like to be alone most of the time, judging I have a sister. She wouldn't like to stay the whole day out in the sun.
It seems that when you're enjoying the most you're able to, the time pass too quick, well, that's how I felt it.	It seems that when you're enjoying yourself as much as possible the time passes too quickly; well, that's how I felt , anyway.
After all, the night was wonderful too ^^ there weren't too much stars to see as usual, but the moon was shining and I could see the city.	The night was wonderful, too; there weren't many stars to see as is usual, but the moon was shining and I could see the city.
Enjoying my free time is the best I can do most of the time, but seeing the lights of the city...	Enjoying my free time is the best I can do most of the time, but seeing the lights of the city...
made me feel worried again, thinking of the next day, I had to came back and do the things I'm used to, to come back to the routine...	made me feel worried again, thinking that the next day I would have to came back and do the things I'm used to, come back to the routine...
ah, I want to feel that wind again.	ah, I want to feel that wind again.
Missing my home	Missing my home
It have been too long since I write an entry here.	It has been too long since I wrote an entry here.
What can I do?	What can I do?
a university student's life never seemed this hard (_ _);	A university student's life never seemed this hard (_ _);
It's not I'm complaining about it, I mean, I know that anything is easy, but still...	It's not I'm complaining about it, I mean, I know that things are not always so easy, but still...
homework drive me crazy...	homework is drive me crazy...
I came here, the city, only for educational reasons, and I used to go to the farm every weekend to visit my parents, my pets and the another animals ^^ I had a lot of fun!	I came here, to the city, only for educational reasons, and I used to go to the farm every weekend to visit my parents, my pets, and the another animals ^^ I had a lot of fun!
But ultimately I haven't gone to the farm, that makes me a little sad, it's really a beautiful place, that's why I talk a lot about it ^^.	But ultimately I haven't gone to the farm recently, that makes me a little sad, it's really a beautiful place, that's why I talk a lot about it ^^.
There you have to work a lot but the feeling is really good, it's not like the one you get being in a room with a lot of noise around you.	There you have to work a lot but the feeling is really good, it's not like the one you get being in a room with a lot of noise around you.
I need more time!	I need more time!
To take some rest and to improve my english too...	To take some rest and to improve my English too...
realy, I haven't been studying it, I hope you can help me.	really, I haven't been studying it. So I hope you can help me.
Thank you!	Thank you!
A rainy day	A rainy day
Here, in my country is supossed to be summer, and, yeah, is very hot most of the times...	Here, in my country it is supossed to be summer, and, yeah, it is very hot most of the time...
Here, in my country is supossed to be summer, and, yeah, is very hot most of the times...	Here, in my country, is supposed to be summer; normally, it is very hot most of the time.
but these days, it's been only raining, and it isn't a summer rain; isn't normal.	but these days, it's been only raining, and it isn't a summer rain; it isn't normal.
but these days, it's been only raining, and it isn't a summer rain; isn't normal.	But lately, it's only been raining. It isn't a summer rain; it's not normal.
My city is situated near the sea, so when it rains the sea becomes dangerous and for fishermen it is so dificult.	My city is situated near the sea. Therefore, when it rains, the sea becomes dangerous, and for fishermen, it is so difficult.
Well, I don't live so near the beach, not now 'cause I study in the city but I have friends living near there, and the fact that something can happen to them make me feel fear.	Well, I don't live so near the beach, not now 'cause I study in the city but I have friends living near there, and the fact that something could happen to them makes me feel fear.
Well, I don't live so near the beach, not now 'cause I study in the city but I have friends living near there, and the fact that something can happen to them make me feel fear.	Well, I currently don't live close to the beach, 'cause I study in the city. But I have friends that live near there, and the fact that something can happen to them make me fear for them.
Now is rainig too, I can't go out 'cause it is a little imposible to see the streets 'cause the fog.	Now it is rainig too, I can't go out 'cause it is a little imposible to see the streets 'cause of the fog.
Now is rainig too, I can't go out 'cause it is a little imposible to see the streets 'cause the fog.	Now, it is raining, again. I can't go out 'cause it is a little difficult to see the streets due to the fog.
May be it is a real Global Warming, we can't play with the earth anymore.	Maybe it is a really Global Warming; we can't play with the earth anymore.
We musn't.	We musn't.
So, Mizu is retiring too...	So, Mizu is retiring too...
It has been a time ago I was shocked for the announcement of Yumiko's retirement...	Some time ago, I was shocked bythe announcement of Yumiko's retirement...
now, another of my favorites stars, Mizu Natsuki, is retiring too!	now, another of my favorites stars, Mizu Natsuki, is retiring too!
on september this year.	in September this year.
what happen!?	what happened!?
A friend told me that Yumiko's retirement wasn't her own will, I mean, she was kicked out U.	A friend told me that Yumiko's retirement wasn't her own will, I mean, she was kicked out U.
U it's so sad, I would be peaceful if Yumiko was the one who wanted to retire; may be, I tought, she want a rest and if she wants because of her happiness, I will be happy too....	U it's so sad, I would fine if Yumiko was the one who wanted to retire; may be, I tought, she wanted a rest and if she wants a rest because of her happiness, I will would be happy too....
but, to know she is being hired...	but, to know she is being hired...
just make me feel really really annoyed, why?	just make me feel really really annoyed, why?
she is so talented, great voice, good dancing, excellent acting, why?	she is so talented; a great voice, a great dancer an excellent actress why?
U.	U.
U	U
Now Chika san (Mizu Natsuki), her retirement annoucement was so strange, I mean, normally when someone is retiring the company has all ready to use the new as a kind of publicity for the show; but this time nobody, neither Chika san know nothing about the show; and it has been announced 9 months before; the normal thing is 6 months ago...	Now Chika san (Mizu Natsuki), her retirement annoucement was so strange, I mean, normally when someone is ready to retire from the company use the news as a kind of publicity for the show; but this time nobody, neither Chika san knows anything about the show; and it was announced 9 months before; the normal thing is 6 months ago...
all those things don't let me sleep, yeah I know, it's kind of silly ^^	all those things don't let me sleep, All of this keeps me from sleeping yeah I know, it's kind of silly ^^
but, what should I do?	but, what can I do?
I care for my stars thousands of kilometers away.	I care for my stars thousands of kilometers away.
All for Yumiko	All for Yumiko
Actually there is a contest in a LJ community for Mizu&Yumiko, about fics and fanarts, the most wonderful are the prizes!	Actually there is a contest in a LJ community for Mizu&Yumiko, about fics and fanarts, and the prizes look wonderful!
a calendar, chirasis and postcards, ^^ well there are wonderful for me...	a calendar, chirasis and postcards, ^^ well there are wonderful for me...
facing the fact I have never had in my hands something original about Takarazuka.	facing the fact I have never had in my hands something original about Takarazuka.
Now I wanna participe with a fanfiction, ah, there are two suggested topics, Wedding and Dresses...	Now I wanna participe with a fanfiction, ah, there are two suggested topics, Wedding and Dresses...
nothing easy but nothing impossible too ^^, the contest ends on February 16th and I don't have written any word T-T, it's not my fault, there have been many many really many politicals problem in my university and it affected us so much.	Nothing easy but nothing impossible either ^^ The contest ends on February 16th and I don't have written any word T-T, it's not my fault, there have been tons of political problems in my university that have affected us a lot.
My brain is broken, there only 2 days left and I don't have any fic written...	My brain is broken, there only 2 days left and I don't have any fic written...
I wanna, at least, participe with something, but something good...	I wanna, at least participate with something, but I'd rather have something good...
oh God, help me!	oh God, help me!
All for you...	All for you...
Yumiko	Yumiko
Another letter	Another letter
Can someone help me with the grammar of this letter?	Can someone help me with the grammar of this letter?
Dear administrator 	Dear administrator 
I´m writing for information about the “Postgraduate Special Program”, my inquiry is about if you are going to continue with this program in 2012.	I´m writing for information about the “Postgraduate Special Program”, my inquiry is about if you are going to continue with this program in 2012.
If you are going to continue with this program, can you help me with the admission information for the 2012 program?	If you are going to continue with this program, can you help me with the admission information for the 2012 program?
Can you help me with the admission dates, too?	Can you help me with the admission dates, too?
I’ lettering you because I couldn’t find the information on the universities’ website.	I’ lettering you because I couldn’t find the information on the universities’ website.
Thanks for your attention.	Thanks for your attention.
You can contact to me to next mails: f…..@gmail.	You can contact to me to next mails: f…..@gmail.
com or r…..@hotmail.	com or r…..@hotmail.
com	com
You think I need to be more formal or It's ok if send this letter to university administrator?	You think I need to be more formal or It's ok if send this letter to university administrator?
Thanks for the help.	Thanks for the help.
Was rare to see the clear sky in my town.	It was rare to see the sky so clear in my town.
I've always loved cold things and colorless.	I've always loved cold and colorless things.
May be so i woke gumpy 	Maybe that is why i woke up so grumpy 
May be because this was the frist day of class after summer holydays.	Or maybe it was because this was the frist day of class after the summer holidays.
Someone rang the bell.	Someone rang the bell.
Immolare English Lyrics	Immolare English Lyrics
My listened and spoken english is so poooooooor, so help me to write the lirycs of this song:	My listened and spoken english is so poooooooor, so help me to write the lirycs of this song:
Thanks!	Thanks!
I trought...:	I trought...:
Looking your creation.	Looking your creation.
(¿) shining star	(¿) shining star
This (?)  immolation	This (?)  immolation
(¿) last…	(¿) last…
I see (?) dancing	I see (?) dancing
We touch (?)	We touch (?)
It’s your imagination	It’s your imagination
The (?)	The (?)
I feel you on my life	I feel you on my life
Where you foun you to the (?)	Where you foun you to the (?)
I wish you with stay with me for one last time	I wish you with stay with me for one last time
I want close my eyes	I want close my eyes
To the end more time	To the end more time
I wish to seeing your (?) close small?	I wish to seeing your (?) close small?
(?) No immolate	(?) No immolate
You no I want survive	You no I want survive
(?) you stay in love with me 	(?) you stay in love with me 
Tonight～	Tonight～
The room is absolbation	The room is absolbation
(?)	(?)
(?) your dicepcion 	(?) your dicepcion 
(?)	(?)
(?)	(?)
It’s ready in my dreams	It’s ready in my dreams
The (?) exaltation	The (?) exaltation
Run (?)	Run (?)
I (?) on my life	I (?) on my life
Waiting for you too (?)	Waiting for you too (?)
I wish you with stay with me for one last time 	I wish you with stay with me for one last time 
I want close my eyes	I want close my eyes
To the end more time	To the end more time
I wish to seeing your (?) close small?	I wish to seeing your (?) close small?
(?) No immolate	(?) No immolate
You no I want survive	You no I want survive
(?) you stay in love with me 	(?) you stay in love with me 
Lubally Song	Lullaby (A lullaby is, by definition, a song :)
My kid is not smiling, 	My kid is not smiling, 
My kid don't come to me , 	My kid doesn't come to me, 
My kid don't noticed	My kid doesn't notice me.
Someday we meet again	Someday we will meet again
I may sing in my arms for you, 	I will sing to you while you lie in my arms 
Do you remember this song which i sang for you, 	Do you remember this song I sang to you, 
I sang to you could sleep?	I sang to you so that you could sleep?
Tuesday, September 4th	Tuesday, September 4th
1.- MEXICO IS TOO HOT THAN CALGARY.	1.- MEXICO IS hotter THAN CALGARY.
2.- CALGARY IS MUCH CLEANER THAN MY HOMETOWN.	2.- CALGARY IS MUCH CLEANER THAN MY HOMETOWN.
3.- CALGARY THERE ARE MANY BUILDINGS THAN MY CITY.	3.- THERE ARE MoreBUILDINGS in Calgary THAN in MY CITY.
4.- MY CITY THERE AREN´T SOME BEAUTIFUL CARS THAN CALGARY.	4.- MY CITY THERE AREN´T SOME BEAUTIFUL CARS THAN CALGARY.There aren't as many beautiful cars in my city as in Calgary. Calgary has more beautiful cars than my city. 
5.- THE PARKS IN CALGARY ARE MORE INTERESTING THAN PARKS IN MY CITY.	5.- PARKS IN CALGARY ARE MORE INTERESTING THAN PARKS IN MY CITY.
6.- MY HOMETOWN IS SMALLER THAN CALGARY.	6.- MY HOMETOWN IS SMALLER THAN CALGARY.
1.- CALGARY HAS A BIGGEST BUILDING, IN MY HOMETOWN DOESN´T HAVE A BIGGEST BUILDING.	1.- CALGARY HAS A (very) tall BUILDING, IN MY HOMETOWN DOESN´T HAVE A (very) tallBUILDING.
2.- CALGARY IS SAFEST THAT MY CITY.	2.- CALGARY IS SAFEr THAn MY CITY.
Friday, September 9th	Friday, September 9th
1.	1.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.	Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
2.	2.
The early bird catches the worm.	The early bird catches the worm.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
3.	3.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.	Too many cooks spoil the broth.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
4.	4.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.	A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
5.	5.
A stitch in time saves nine.	A stitch in time saves nine.
6.	6.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.	When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
7.	7.
Birds of a feather flock together.	Birds of a feather flock together.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S THE SIMILAR TO SPANISH.	IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
8.	8.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.	A rolling stone gathers no moss.
THE SOCCER IS MORE INTERESTING THAN THE BASEBALL, BECAUSE WHEN YOU ARE IN THE BASEBALL GAME YOU SPEND A LOT OF TIME IN THE SAME PLACE, AND IF YOU ARE IN THE SOCCER GAME YOU RUN FOR ALL THE FIELD, I THINK THE SOCCER IS THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD.	SOCCER IS MORE INTERESTING THAN BASEBALL, BECAUSE WHEN YOU play BASEBALL, YOU SPEND A LOT OF TIME STANDING IN THE SAME PLACE, AND IF YOU ARE playing SOCCER GAME, YOU RUN ALL over THE FIELD. I THINK SOCCER IS THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD.
Please help me!!	Please help me!!
Please anybody teache me who cant learn english?	Please anybody teache me who cant learn english?
My first article in site web	My first article in site web
Hello all members of this network.	Hello all members of this network.
I want to share with you a little about me.	I want to share with you a little about me.
I am Mexican and want to learn the international language which is English	I am Mexican and want to learn the international language which is English
can someone help me???	can someone help me???
Hi, my real name is Ana.	Hi, my real name is Ana.
And I'm looking for someone to teach me japanese.	And I'm looking for someone to teach me japanese.
I don't know japanese very well, only the basic sentences.	I don't know japanese very well, only the basic sentences.
Also my writing isn't that good.	Also my writing isn't that good.
so can someone help me learn japanese?	so can someone help me learn japanese?
i will try my best to cooperate.	i will try my best to cooperate.
Letter to a friend	Letter to a friend
Dear Santos, 	Dear Santos, 
How are you?	How are you?
I´m sorry but I couldn´t write you for a long time because I have had a lot of job.	I´m sorry but I couldn´t write you for a long time because I have had a lot of job.
I still working as graphic designer at home, Is the third year that I´m work at freelance.	I still working as graphic designer at home, Is the third year that I´m work at freelance.
As you know, it´s not the better year, but I still alive.	As you know, it´s not the better year, but I still alive.
On next weekend i´ll go with Joolz, Pedro and Celine to Lisbon, we´ll go to see the Muse concert.	On next weekend i´ll go with Joolz, Pedro and Celine to Lisbon, we´ll go to see the Muse concert.
They´ll also come to Madrid, but the tickets were depleted at first month.	They´ll also come to Madrid, but the tickets were depleted at first month.
Besides we´ll go to visit the city, and like Celine comes with us we´ll not have problems with the language.	Besides we´ll go to visit the city, and like Celine comes with us we´ll not have problems with the language.
We´ll go in Arturo´s car, because Joolz lost his job, and the company´s car with it.	We´ll go in Arturo´s car, because Joolz lost his job, and the company´s car with it.
He´s fine, and now he started to play the bass in order to exploit the time… in addition he began a relationship with Maria one month ago.	He´s fine, and now he started to play the bass in order to exploit the time… in addition he began a relationship with Maria one month ago.
(Charly´s sister) 	(Charly´s sister) 
To conclude, I start to talk with Pedro, Iñaki and Juan in order to create a graphic design company.	To conclude, I start to talk with Pedro, Iñaki and Juan in order to create a graphic design company.
We are three designers and one programmer, and I think that can be a good way to make some money, but we must go step by step.	We are three designers and one programmer, and I think that can be a good way to make some money, but we must go step by step.
Next time I´ll write to you, I hope have good news at respect.	Next time I´ll write to you, I hope have good news at respect.
And this is all, at least at this time.	And this is all, at least at this time.
I wait you can tell me any news about you stay abroad.	I wait you can tell me any news about you stay abroad.
See you soon.	See you soon.
Benny 	Benny 
PD: As you can see, I began my English class…	PD: As you can see, I began my English class…
i need learning english. can you help me	I need to learn English. Can you help me?
hello anybody:	Hello anybody:
my name is alejandro.	My name is Alejandro.
i am from colombia and really need learning english.	I am from Colombia and I really need to learn English.
can you help me???????????????	Can you help me???????????????
Newbie here!	Newbie here!
I've known of 8-Lang for a few years, I think I even registered once (although if I remember correctly, I didn`t participate in any way), but today I was thinking about ways of improving my writing for the IELTS exam and suddenly remembered this place.	I've known of 8-Lang for a few years, I think I even registered once (although if I remember correctly, I didn`t participate in any way), but today I was thinking about ways of improving my writing for the IELTS exam and suddenly remembered this place.
I hope this won't be my only post, and that once I get the hang of it, I'll be able to contribute to the community ^^	I hope this won't be my only post, and that once I get the hang of it, I'll be able to contribute to the community ^^
See you around!	See you around!
Snow on the trees	Snow on the trees
Hello friends	Hello friends
What's new?	What's new?
Here where I live it's really cold and we have a lot of snow, it is nice	Here where I live it's really cold and we have a lot of snow, it is nice
specially when you practice some sport outside like skit or snowboard	specially when you practice some sport outside like skit or snowboard
I don't practice any out sport, but i like to see the landeskate, all 	I don't practice any out sport, but i like to see the landeskate, all 
trees white, and the celling of the houses white an smoke going 	trees white, and the celling of the houses white an smoke going 
out for de fire place, but only I hate driving that is so dificul when it's	out for de fire place, but only I hate driving that is so dificul when it's
snowing.	snowing.
Letter to my friend	Letter to my friend
Hello, Dear Hanka	Hello, Dear Hanka
Hello Dear Friend	Hello Dear Friend
I hope that you are enjoy your deserve vacations.	I hope that you are enjoy your deserve vacations.
I am aeger to see you and to lisen to you your experience in  Russia.	I am aeger to see you and to lisen to you your experience in  Russia.
Jaime and I have been walking in the mornings we are to trying to do some excercise.	Jaime and I have been walking in the mornings we are to trying to do some excercise.
Everybody in my family is very well, the kids enjoyed the visit to my Mother and Sister-in-law, they were for twon weeks and they back last saturday to Puerto Rico.	Everybody in my family is very well, the kids enjoyed the visit to my Mother and Sister-in-law, they were for twon weeks and they back last saturday to Puerto Rico.
Mikey it is well he is growing a lot and beautifull, definitively he is a good dog.	Mikey it is well he is growing a lot and beautifull, definitively he is a good dog.
Let me know when you will be back.	Let me know when you will be back.
lose weight	lose weight
Hello 	Hello 
I am trying to lose weight too, I starded last 1st January, I am running 5 miless each day, and I am eating healthy, well I am trying.	I am trying to lose weight too, I starded last 1st January, I am running 5 miless each day, and I am eating healthy, well I am trying.
I will like to lose weight and speak English when this year finish, for now I'm going little by little	I will like to lose weight and speak English when this year finish, for now I'm going little by little
Hello Dear Lis	Hello Dear Lis
Hello Dear Lis	Hello Dear Lis
I hope that you and your family are enjoying the summer, thanks for send me the pictures I am very sorpraice how big is Adian, he is big ans handsome, 	I hope that you and your family are enjoying the summer, thanks for send me the pictures I am very sorpraice how big is Adian, he is big ans handsome, 
You look great, and the girls, well, no need to mention it.	You look great, and the girls, well, no need to mention it.
They look gorgeous.	They look gorgeous.
Liz I want to tell you happy birthday I remenber you always, because you are a important person in my life, I hope for you a nice day and alot of happines.	Liz I want to tell you happy birthday I remenber you always, because you are a important person in my life, I hope for you a nice day and alot of happines.
Please give a lot of kisses to the kids.	Please give a lot of kisses to the kids.
Merci	Merci
Merci Stephania	Merci Stephania
merci de correct je que vous pouvez m'enseigner le pronom.	merci de correct je que vous pouvez m'enseigner le pronom.
I = je	I = je
You = tu	You = tu
He = il	He = il
She = elle	She = elle
?	?
=  on	=  on
we = nous	we = nous
You =  vous	You =  vous
???	???
= ils	= ils
They = elles	They = elles
si tu avez besoin de l'aide dans l'Espagnol je peux vous aider = 	si tu avez besoin de l'aide dans l'Espagnol je peux vous aider = 
if you you need help in Spanish I can help you, sorry I used translator.	if you you need help in Spanish I can help you, sorry I used translator.
My new niece	My new niece
Good Morning, everyone	Good Morning, everyone
I hope that everyone had been good time in last hollydays.	I hope that everyone had been having a good time in the latest holiday.
I have 	I have 
been happy because I have new niece, she was born in January 1st, her name is Maria Alejandra, she is soo cute.	been happy because I have a new niece. She was born on January 1st, and her name is Maria Alejandra. She is so cute.
I am soo happy because mi brother was a man really      cold with kids, he was apathetic about  them, but he looks like new  man, he is take care about his little girl and his wife.	I am soo happy because my brother is a man who is really cold with kids. He was apathetic about them, but now he looks as if he has changed. He cares about his little girl and his wife.
I am soo happy although only I can see  her for pictures, because we are far.	I am soo happy although I can only see her through pictures. We are far away from each other.
Jenny	Jenny
oral exam	oral exam
Hello!I'm sitting an oral exam tomorrow and I'm a bit nervous.	Hello!I'm sitting an oral exam tomorrow and I'm a bit nervous.
I hope to do my best and pass it.	I hope to do my best and pass it.
Now I'm just trying to guess what can I be asked about.	Now I'm just trying to guess what I will be asked about.
I'm thinking about different topics and vocabulary related to that, recession, recycling...	I'm thinking about different topics and vocabulary related to them: the recession, recycling...
I would like to introduce some idioms and daily spoken expresions, but the problem is sometimes I don't know whether certain expressions are commonly used and the degree of formality.	I would like to use some idioms and daily spoken expresions, but the problem is sometimes I don't know whether certain expressions are commonly used or their degrees of formality.
knock one's socks off	knock one's socks off
Could anyone tell me what does it mean?	Could anyone tell me what does it mean?
And my dream... came true.	And my dream... came true.
Please be extremely strict when correcting this text.	Please be extremely strict when correcting this text.
Thanks!	Thanks!
Hey friends!	Hey friends!
Since I joined this social network I’ve always written my posts in Japanese but today I’ll give English a chance!	Since I joined this social network I’ve always written my posts in Japanese but today I’ll give English a chance!
I’d like to tell you all about something that ocurred a few days ago and that will likely change my life for the better.	I’d like to tell you all about something that ocurred a few days ago and that will likely change my life for the better.
To fully understand what I’m about to say let’s go back to January for a moment, when I took an interview seeking to participate in a course on innovation and leadership that would be held at my university.	To fully understand what I’m about to say let’s go back to January for a moment, when I took an interview seeking to participate in a course on innovation and leadership that would be held at my university.
According to what people familiar with the matter said to us, after a 4-month period of hard work the students who proved oustanding leadership skills and an uncanny ability to learn would be picked up and sent to different parts of the world to do an internship in the most innovative companies.	According to what people familiar with the matter said to us, after a 4-month period of hard work the students who proved oustanding leadership skills and an uncanny ability to learn would be picked up and sent to different parts of the world to do an internship in the most innovative companies.
I was luckly to finally be selected to take part in that particular adventure and I committed to myself to go after that internship and to strive to make my dream of working for a big bank come true.	I was luckly to finally be selected to take part in that particular adventure and I committed myself to go after that internship and to strive to make my dream of working for a big bank come true.
A lot has happened since January.	A lot has happened since January.
3 guys and I formed a team and we’ve been working together one session after another.	3 guys and I formed a team and we’ve been working together one session after another.
Besides my team mates, they have become my friends.	Besides my teammates, they have become my friends.
Now they are people I know I can trust and whom I’m sure I will received support from when necessary.	Now they are people I know I can trust and whom I’m sure I will received support from when necessary.
Last week I received a call from the person who was in charge of the selection process and asked me one of the most easy-to-answer questions I have ever been asked: “Would you like to work in one of the largest Asian banks next summer?”	Last week I received a call from the person who was in charge of the selection process and they asked me one of the easiest questions I have ever been asked: “Would you like to work in one of the largest Asian banks next summer?”
OF COURSE I WOULD!!!!!!!!	OF COURSE I WOULD!!!!!!!!
It looks like I’ll be working for Bank Mega in Jakarta for 2 months starting on July, 1st.	It looks like I’ll be working for Bank Mega in Jakarta for 2 months starting on July, 1st.
I’ll be using English on a daily basis and thus I decided to brush it up here on Lang-8 ;-)	I’ll be using English on a daily basis and thus I decided to brush it up here on Lang-8 ;-)
Well...	Well...
why was I selected?	why was I selected?
Here is what I think.	Here is what I think.
To be honest with you, I’m not a smart guy.	To be honest with you, I’m not a smart guy.
I’m not the kind of student that consistently rises his hand in class and comes up with all the right answers.	I’m not the kind of student that consistently rises his hand in class and comes up with all the right answers.
I don’t have good grades and I don’t even enjoy my classes.	I don’t have good grades and I don’t even enjoy my classes.
Despite studying information technology engineering I know this is not the place I’d like to be.	Despite studying information technology engineering I know this is not the place I’d like to be.
In fact, I have no doubt that once I graduate from university I’ll do something which will bear little or no connection with what I’m currently studying at school.	In fact, I have no doubt that once I graduate from university I’ll do something which will bear little or no connection with what I’m currently studying at school.
However, I think I’m an intelligent guy.	However, I think I’m an intelligent guy.
As I said, I don’t have all the answers but...	As I said, I don’t have all the answers but...
you know what?	you know what?
I do have the right questions.	I do have the right questions.
Sometimes it’s not about knowing everything (it’s technically impossible to know everything) but about asking the right questions to the right people.	Sometimes it’s not about knowing everything (it’s technically impossible to know everything) but about asking the right questions to the right people.
I once was told –or maybe I just read it– that those who now raise their hands and know all the answers will eventually end up working FOR someone who may not be good at solving difficult physics problems but can get and lead the right people effectively towards an even better solution.	I once was told –or maybe I just read it– that those who now raise their hands and know all the answers will eventually end up working FOR someone who may not be good at solving difficult physics problems but can get and lead the right people effectively towards an even better solution.
That’s the type of person I’d like to become.	That’s the type of person I’d like to become.
In this Akademia program (the course I took) it was not wisdom what was rewarded, but zeal.	In this Academia program (the course I took) it was not wisdom what was rewarded, but zeal.
The zeal to learn and the potential to thrive internal and externally.	The zeal to learn and the potential to thrive internal and externally.
Finally I’d like to share some words from Thomas L.	Finally I’d like to share some words from Thomas L.
Friedman, the 3-times-winner of the Publitzer prize.	Friedman, the 3-times-winner of the Pulitzer prize.
In his fantastic book “The World is Flat”, Friedman speaks about how the world has changed and why you’re no longer competing for a job position against people from your own city or country.	In his fantastic book “The World is Flat,” Friedman speaks about how the world has changed and why you’re no longer competing for a job position against people from your own city or country.
The truth is that you’re now competing against every inhabitant of the world.	The truth is that you’re now competing against every inhabitant of the world.
There’s no room for “a Spanish job” or a “Japanese job”.	There’s no room for “a Spanish job” or a “Japanese job”.
Those kind of jobs have simply disappeared.	Those kind of jobs have simply disappeared.
One more thing this incredibly brillian journalist tells us in his book is that in a flat world, IQ is gradually giving way to CQ, which stands for Curiosity Quoficient.	One more thing this incredibly brilliant journalist tells us in his book is that in a flat world, IQ is gradually giving way to CQ, which stands for Curiosity Quoficient.
All your IQ lets you do will be probably outsource to India or China and now it’s your Curiosity Quoficient, your genuine and intense passion for learning new things what really counts out there.	All your IQ lets you do is most likely outsource to India or China. Now  it’s your Curiosity Quotient, your genuine and intense passion for learning new things what really counts out there.
I won’t be in Jakarta because of my IQ.	I won’t be in Jakarta because of my IQ.
I will be there thanks to my CQ.	I will be there thanks to my CQ.
In other words: I won’t be in Jakarta because I know everything.	In other words: I won’t be in Jakarta because I know everything.
I will be there because I’d love to know it.	I will be there because I’d love to know it.
Thanks for reading my long post and I wish you all a great weekend.	Thanks for reading my long post and I wish you all a great weekend.
P.	P.
S.	S.
If any of you know anything about Bank Mega please leave a comment!	If any of you know anything about Bank Mega please leave a comment!
If you don’t, leave it anyway ;-) they are always appreciated.	If you don’t, leave it anyway ;-) they are always appreciated.
For my original blog please go to: http://guille.exblog.jp	For my original blog please go to: http://guille.exblog.jp
Adventure in the forest.	Adventure in the forest.
My name is Marcela.	My name is Marcela.
Last weekend my friend, Ana and I went camping to the forest.	Last weekend my friend, Ana and I went camping to the forest.
The second day we went to a river and we were there the whole day until my friend was attacked by a snake so we went back to the camping site.	The second day we went to a river and we were there the whole day until my friend was attacked by a snake so we went back to the camping site.
She was feeling really bad.	She was feeling really bad.
In the camping site was a forest ranger that helped us.	In the camping site was a forest ranger that helped us.
It was winter, suddenly began to snow heavily and we hadn’t had the necessary clothes, so we decided to return home but the car didn’t work.	It was winter, suddenly began to snow heavily and we hadn’t had the necessary clothes, so we decided to return home but the car didn’t work.
We were very cold and we wanted to call to the police but there was no signal.	We were very cold and we wanted to call to the police but there was no signal.
So we started walking until we went out of the forest quickly.	So we started walking until we went out of the forest quickly.
We had walked for a while before we got to the police.	We had walked for a while before we got to the police.
Then when we got to the police office our parents came to look for us desperately.	Then when we got to the police office our parents came to look for us desperately.
Fortunately nothing had happened.	Fortunately nothing had happened.
今週の日曜日にテストをします	今週の日曜日にテストをします
漢字分からないですから、どこでてつだてことができますか	漢字分からないですから、どこでてつだてことができますか
please, if only someone can recommend me a book or something.	please, if only someone can recommend me a book or something.
Hi everybody !!!	Hi everybody !!!
Let me introduce myself, my name is David.	Let me introduce myself, my name is David.
I from Mexico.	I'm from Mexico.
So from where I will start.....	So where should I start.....
OK....	OK....
I left to study english 5 years ago, so I think, I forgot a lot of words and expresions, then I found lang-8 site and I though "Why not, let´s continue learning english and let's get corrections from my writings"	I began to study English 5 years ago, I think, but I forgot a lot of words and expressions. Then I found this site, Lang-8, and I thought, "Why not, I'll continue learning English and get corrections for my writing." "Let's" sounds awkward here.
Yesteday I when to the cinema to watch the "Bounty Hunter" movie (in spanish "El caza recompensas") with Jeniffer Aniston and Gerard Butler.	Yesterday I went to the cinema to watch "Bounty Hunter" (in Spanish "El caza recompensas") with Jennifer Aniston and Gerard Butler.
The movie wasn't the one I was thinking because I though, it was a comedy???!!!!, but not, all the movie is aromantic show with some little bit comedy episodies.	The movie wasn't the one I was thinking of, because I thought it was a comedy???!!!! But no, the movie is a romantic show with a little bit of comedy. More natural: "It turned out that the movie wasn't what I was expecting..."
I recommend it for the guys that have a breaking down relationship and don't understand why they can't be together but can't be separate also (sniff, sniff, sniff)	I recommend it to the guys that have a troubled relationship and don't understand why he and his girlfriend can't be together but can't be separate either (sniff, sniff, sniff)
Today, I didn't have my Japanese class because of the "Semana Santa", I have been studiying for 3 months and I hope in a some few months I can have a full Japanese conversation (I think....)	Today, I didn't have my Japanese class because of the "Semana Santa." I have been studying for 3 months and I hope in a few months I'll be able to have a full Japanese conversation (I think....)
And tomorrow morning, I will go for my mother that was on vacation all the week......	And tomorrow morning, I will go see my mother who was on vacation the whole week......
and......	and......
I think I will be resting and cleaning my room all the sunday (maybe watching a rented video movie, I don't which one) and then.....	I think I will be resting and cleaning my room all Sunday (maybe watching a rented movie, but I don't which one) and then.....
start working from the monday again, since 6 o'clock in the morning.	Start working on Monday again at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Ok, that's all....	Ok, that's all....
Thanks for your comments and corrections.	Thanks for your comments and corrections.
Best Regards	Best Regards
Hola, soy nuevo por aquí y no se ni por donde empezar....	Hola, soy nuevo por aquí y no se ni por donde empezar....
Alguien me ayuda?	Alguien me ayuda?
quiero aprender ingles!	quiero aprender ingles!
:D	:D
Monday 	Monday 
Today was a normal day, just a little bit more exhausting.	Today was a normal day, just a little bit more exhausting.
I think the main reason is that I couldn't sleep more than 4 hours and I need at least 9.	I think the main reason for that is because I couldn't sleep more than 4 hours and I need at least 9.
The school was fine because I were all day fooling around with a friend and we didn't do anything at all in the whole day.	School was fine because I was just fooling around all day with a friend and we didn't do anything at all the whole day.
After school I went to my violin class and played "Melodia en La" by Astor Piazzolla with my teacher, who plays the cello beautifully.	After school I went to my violin lesson and played "Melodia en La" by Astor Piazzolla with my teacher, who plays the cello beautifully.
It was really cool.	It was really cool.
Now I'm listening a really great album called "The 5000 Spirits Or The Layers Of The Onion".	Now I'm listening to a really great album called "The 5000 Spirits Or The Layers Of The Onion".
The Incredible String Band is awesome.	The Incredible String Band is awesome.
Today I think I'll go to bed earlier and try to get some sleep.	Today I think I'll go to bed earlier and try to get some sleep.
I NEED FULL ENGLISH	I NEED to learn good ENGLISH ?
Hi!	Hi!
My name is Zulima, I am from Colombia and I have lived in Australia for seven months  with my husband and my song.	My name is Zulima, I am from Colombia and I have lived in Australia for seven months with my husband and my son.
I need to learn English very fast.	I need to learn English quickly.
In Juny I will be start a Master in Accounting and I would like to find a job in that but I feel nerves for the interview, becouse my speaking is not very good	In June I will be starting a master's degree in accounting and I would like to find a job in that but I feel nervous about the interview, because my speaking is not very good.
I don't know if I can be prepared for that.	I don't know if I am prepared for that.
I am happy living in Australia, the jobs for students are a little hard but you can get money for all but...	I am happy living in Australia. Jobs for students are a little hard to find but you can earn money for everything but...
if you have a baby....	if you have a baby....
the live would be more hard becouse chieldcares in Australia are very expensive	life would be harder because childcare in Australia is very expensive.
SOME QUESTIONS!!	SOME QUESTIONS!!
Thanks for the corrections and the advice!	Thanks for the corrections and the advice!
But could you help me with some questiones for the interview.	But could you help me with some questiones for the interview.
I will be able answer them and after that send them to you.	I will be able answer them and after that send them to you.
I have to prepare a conversation about my personal and profesional live.	I have to prepare a conversation about my personal and profesional live.
Working sleepy	Working sleepy
Today was a really busy day.	Today was a really busy day.
Last night I went to sleep around 3 am.	Last night I went to sleep around 3 am.
I am a kind of computer geek, so I know how to make documents using Latex, a program to make academic writings.	I am kind of a computer geek, so I know how to make documents using Latex, a program to make academic writings.
So I was helping a friend that had problems with her master thesis, and was the last day before the deadline.	So I was helping a friend that had problems with her masters thesis, and it was the last day before the deadline.
I am working as a part-time programmer in a Japanese company.	I am working as a part-time programmer in a Japanese company.
I start working at 10:00, but I spent one hour by train from home.	I start working at 10:00, but I spend one hour traveling by train from home.
So I have to get up at 7:00 to get at time to work.	So, I have to get up at 7:00 to get to work on time.
So I slept about 4 hours but I was sleepy all day.	I slept about 4 hours and I was sleepy all day.
Anyway, one day closer to Friday!	Anyway, one day closer to Friday!
when you are colombian	when you are colombian
i guess when you are colombian and people  said us where are you from?	i guess when you are colombian and people  said us where are you from?
perhaps we'll felling proud  i´ve been thinking how you felling be the others conutry.	perhaps we'll felling proud  i´ve been thinking how you felling be the others conutry.
is a custom in colombia take some cup of coffe and i am colombian   	is a custom in colombia take some cup of coffe and i am colombian   
Hola !!1	Hola !!1
I want to improve my English, anyone can help me?	I want to improve my English, anyone can help me?
:D	:D
Hi	Hi
Hi i am Marcela ,i am from Colombia and i wish to learn english !	Hi i am Marcela ,i am from Colombia and i wish to learn english !
Can you help me ?	Can you help me ?
Dialogue	Dialogue
Mrs Stappleton said to her husband that he looked much better and invited him to have a drink.	Mrs Stappleton said to her husband that he looked much better and invited him to have a drink.
He agreed and told her that he knew about the strange visitor they’d had that day.	He agreed and told her that he knew about the strange visitor they’d had that day.
As he couldn’t remember meeting him before, he asked her where she knew him from.	As he couldn’t remember meeting him before, he asked her where she knew him from.
Mrs Stappleton explained that they used to have contact with his sister, called Anne Nuttle, and asked him if he remembered her.	Mrs Stappleton explained that they used to have contact with his sister, called Anne Nuttle, and asked him if he remembered her.
However, he denied having met her before.	However, he denied having met her before.
Mrs Stappleton exclaimed that he was always forgetting people and suggested that he should pay more attention, but he refused to accept that advice and boasted about having a very good memory.	Mrs Stappleton exclaimed that he was always forgetting people and suggested that he should pay more attention, but he refused to accept that advice and boasted about having a very good memory.
Mrs Stappleton reminded him that the girl used to work in the rectory about four years ago.	Mrs Stappleton reminded him that the girl used to work in the rectory about four years ago.
He said that he was sorry and admitted not remembering her.	He said that he was sorry and admitted not remembering her.
Finally, Mrs Stappleton told him that the lady’s brother had been there going through a cure for his nerves.	Finally, Mrs Stappleton told him that the lady’s brother had been there going through a cure for his nerves.
She supposed that that was the reason why he acted in such a way; they both thought he really looked disturbed, especially when he ran out of the house.	She supposed that that was the reason why he acted in such a way; they both thought he really looked disturbed, especially when he ran out of the house.
At the end, Mrs Stappleton invited her husband to talk about his day.	At the end, Mrs Stappleton invited her husband to talk about his day.
Minna san konnichiwa	Minasan konnichiwa
Konnichiwa!	Konnichiwa!
Watashi wa Eru desu.	Watashi wa Eru desu.
Juugosai desu.	Juugosai desu.
Paraguai jin desu.	Paraguai jin desu.
Nihongo benkyoshitai.	Nihongo wo benkyou shitai.
Demo ima watashi wa heta desu.	Demo ima watashi wa heta desu.
OSHIETE KUDASAI !!!	OSHIETE KUDASAI !!!
Watashi wa hontou ni benkyoushitai !!!	Watashi wa hontou ni benkyou shitai !!!
Arigatou ^^	Yoroshiku^^
Hello	Hello
I`m new in this place, I`m learning english and japanese.	I`m new in this place, I`m learning english and japanese.
I`m from Paraguay, and I`m 15 years old.	I`m from Paraguay, and I`m 15 years old.
I think here i could learn more english and write better (I hope ^^) Also i want to make a lot of friends!	I think here i could learn more english and write better (I hope ^^) Also i want to make a lot of friends!
I`m studing IT (Informatic Tecnology...	I`m studing IT (Informatic Tecnology...
i think)...	i think)...
I like computers and all related to it.	I like computers and all related to it.
Thanks for correcting me, i`ll be happy to be corrected.	Thanks for correcting me, i`ll be happy to be corrected.
Bye bye ^^	Bye bye ^^
how are you	how are you
Hello love how are you 	Hello love. how are you?
:) 	:) 
Hi canadian people !!	Hi Canadian people !!
♥	♥
today is monday !	Today is Monday!
:) is day:	:) is day: Today I have:
school	school
cinema	the cinemaCorrect, but in Canada we usually call them 'the movies'
friends	friends
food	food
tv	tv
facebook	facebook
twitter	twitter
cellephone	cellphone
sleep	sleep
and !!!!	and !!!!
DO HOMEWORK !	DO HOMEWORK !
if u have obviously :) 	If you have, obviously :) 
if u have obviously :) 	If you have any, obviously :) 
The difference between Calgary and Mexico.	The difference between Calgary and Mexico.
•My country is not nearly as cold as Canada.	•My country is not nearly as cold as Canada.
•My conutry is not nearly as beutiful as Canada.	•My conutry is not nearly as beautiful as Canada.
•My hometown is as city as in my country.	•My hometown is as city as in my country.Double-check this sentence as I'm not sure what you mean here. 
•My hometown is the smallest as parks in my county.	•My hometown is the smallest as parks in my county. Same here, I'm not sure of what you want to say.
•My conuntry is not just as friendly as Calgary/Canada.	•My country is not as friendly as Calgary/Canada.
•My hometown is as nearly samalest as Calgary.	•My hometown is nearly as small as Calgary.
•My country is not nearly as dangerous and friendly as Canada.	Canada is not as dangerous as my country.My country is not as friendly as Canada. 
•My hometown is almos as hot as calgary in some days.	•My hometown is almost as hot as Calgary some days.
•My country is almost as intelligent as CANADA.	•My country is almost as intelligent as Canada.* The people in my country as almost as intelligent as the people in Canada.
•My hometown is not nearly  as safe as calgary.	•My hometown is not nearly as safe as Calgary.
I LOVE CALGARY !	I LOVE CALGARY !
n_n	n_n
•My conuntry is not just as important as this conuntr like a "First World".	•My country is not as important as as a First World country. 
•My homwtown isn't as large as calgary.	•My homwtown isn't as large as Calgary.
•My conuntry is not just as sweet bread as canada.	The bread in my country isn't as sweet as the bread in Canada.
Friday..Homework♥	Friday..Homework♥
Do you have sayings in your language that are similar to or the same as the following English proverbs.	Do you have sayings in your language that are similar to or the same as the following English proverbs.
1.	1.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch            =Exactly	Don't count your chickens before they hatch            =Exactly
2.	2.
The early bird catches the worm.	The early bird catches the worm.
=Exactly 	=Exactly 
3.	3.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.	Too many cooks spoil the broth.
=Same	=Same
4.	4.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.	A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
=Exactly 	=Exactly 
5.	5.
A stitch in time saves nine.	A stitch in time saves nine.
= i don't know :D	= I don't know :D
6.	6.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.	When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
=Same	=Same
7.	7.
Birds of a feather flock together.	Birds of a feather flock together.
=Same	=Same
8.	8.
A rolling stone gathers no moss                             =Exactly	A rolling stone gathers no moss                             =Exactly
1.	1.
The he went to the village lost his chair.	The he went to the village lost his chair.He who leaves town loses his chair. 
2.	2.
Better go to bed without dinner that morning without lunch.	Better to go to bed without dinner than wake up without lunch.
3.	3.
Better to give than to provide.	Better to receive than to provide.
4.	4.
Better late, than never.	Better late than never.
5.	5.
Who married at twenty, twenty and a half does not pass.	He who marries at twenty, doesn't reach twenty and a half.
6.	6.
Missing everything in life, especially in death.	Missing everything in life, especially in death.
...	...
I have visited many  cities, and ..	I have visited many cities, and
i think ..	I think
i think ..	I think it's
more in mexico ..	the most have been in Mexico.
like ..	For example, 
Mexico City..	Mexico City,
Morelia ..	Morelia,
Quintana Roo, Chihuahua, San luis Potosi, Queretaro, Guadalajara, Tampico, Veracruz...	Quintana Roo, Chihuahua, San Luis Potosi, Queretaro, Guadalajara, Tampico, Veracruz,
Michoacan, and more ..	Michoacan, and more.
i think ..	I think
i think ..	I think it's
because my dad LOVE drive, and ..	because my dad LOVES to drive, and
when i was in the elementary school.	when I was in elementary school,
y has many vacations, so..	we had many vacations.
in all vacations.	. Every vacation, 
told me " geli, come on.	he said to me, "Geli, come on.
say u mam in 2 weeks when u'll have vacations, go to tampico( or some place).	Tell your mom we're going on vacation for 2 weeks, let's go to Tampico( or some place).
♥	♥
The love is the most important in the world !	Love is the most important thing in the world !
♥	♥
Family, friends ..	Family, friends ..
and YOU!	and YOU!
♥	♥
Simple Sentence	Simple Sentence
I didn't find any change for Mónica nor Salvador.	I didn't find any change for Mónica nor Salvador.
Help me english	Help me english
Hello.	Hello.
I studing english in an course of Bussinees english.	I studing english in an course of Bussinees english.
I don't speak english, is very difficult for the verbs conjugation and the vocabulary.	I don't speak english, is very difficult for the verbs conjugation and the vocabulary.
Help Me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Help Me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I need writing my curriculum for work in countries where speaking english.	I need writing my curriculum for work in countries where speaking english.
Now, I unemployyed and I need work.	Now, I unemployyed and I need work.
The companys need always people what to speak language for comunity whit people around the word.	The companys need always people what to speak language for comunity whit people around the word.
I need to learn speaking english for to find job in companys to dedicated consultory managen.	I need to learn speaking english for to find job in companys to dedicated consultory managen.
My experiencie is very good, because more de twenty years of experiencie in management of car´s company.	My experiencie is very good, because more de twenty years of experiencie in management of car´s company.
Who can help for work?	Who can help for work?
I will writing next day my curriculum in english.	I will writing next day my curriculum in english.
Adeu.	Adeu.
Some random post	Some random post
Hello everyone.	Hello everyone.
So, I decided to write this post as some practice for my English, why?	So, I decided to write this post as some practice for my English, why?
because I'm taking the CAE in a couple of months and I really want to get rid of those little but terrible mistakes, so i though that the best way to do it, would be writing some random posts in English here, about...	Because I'm taking the CAE in a couple of months and I really want to get rid of those little, but terrible mistakes, so I though that the best way to do it would be to write some random posts in English here, about...
because I'm taking the CAE in a couple of months and I really want to get rid of those little but terrible mistakes, so i though that the best way to do it, would be writing some random posts in English here, about...	because I'm taking the CAE in a couple of months and I really want to get rid of those little but terrible mistakes, so i thought that the best way to do it, would be writing some random posts in English here, about...
anything xD and this is the first of those.	anything xD and this is the first of those.
That's all I have to say for now.	That's all I have to say for now.
Thanks for your corrections.	Thanks for your corrections.
Bye	Bye
PS: Sorry about the lack of ideas =).	PS: Sorry about the lack of ideas =).
Killin' time	Killin' time
Currently, (right now) i'm listening to Back to School by Deftones.	Currently, (right now) i'm listening to Back to School by Deftones.
A friend of mine said something about the hidden messeges in songs.	A friend of mine said something about the hidden messages in songs.
I've never tought about it.	I've never thought about it.
Have you ever found a song with a special hidden messege on it?	Have you ever found a song with a special hidden message on it?
What was it?	What was it?
Was it good?	Was it good?
Bad?	Bad?
Just tell me the song was a great one.	Just tell me the song was a great one.
She told me most rock songs have a hidden messege, what do you think about it?	She told me that most rock songs have a hidden message, what do you think about it?
Well...	Well...
i gotta go.	i gotta go.
I'm gonna sing the chorus hahaha.	I'm gonna sing the chorus hahaha.
pantalones!!!	pantalones!!!
chepe263	chepe263
i would like someone help me with this essay. thanks	i would like someone help me with this essay. thanks
BECAUSE OF CARS ARE SO CONVENIENT PUBLIC TRANSPORT HAS NO FUTURE	BECAUSE OF CARS ARE SO CONVENIENT PUBLIC TRANSPORT HAS NO FUTURE
Travel by car is the best option for a lot of people.	Travel by car is the best option for a lot of people.
This transport is fast, flexible and avoids you be waiting to go whatever you want.	This transport is fast, flexible and avoids you be waiting to go whatever you want.
Even in smalls towns, where public transport is no enough and slow.	Even in smalls towns, where public transport is no enough and slow.
On the one hand, using a car, avoid to one individual are worried about when bus will leave of arrive to the bus stop.	On the one hand, using a car, avoid to one individual are worried about when bus will leave of arrive to the bus stop.
This let more time to spend in others tasks or even, more relax time, something important nowadays.	This let more time to spend in others tasks or even, more relax time, something important nowadays.
On the other hand, is cheaper take a public transport if it is compared with the car expenses at end of year.	On the other hand, is cheaper take a public transport if it is compared with the car expenses at end of year.
For example, car fuel expenses, repairs and the worst, the effects over enviroment are very high, if every person drive his own vehicle.	For example, car fuel expenses, repairs and the worst, the effects over enviroment are very high, if every person drive his own vehicle.
Twenty peoply taking a bus will contaminate less than use their own car.	Twenty peoply taking a bus will contaminate less than use their own car.
To sump up, every person must think about advantages and disadvantages for himself, using one or other kind of transport.	To sump up, every person must think about advantages and disadvantages for himself, using one or other kind of transport.
It depends on city where he live.	It depends on city where he live.
Comparing expenses with every option at end of year, is the best way to find his rigth option.	Comparing expenses with every option at end of year, is the best way to find his rigth option.
184 words	184 words
formal letter to director english academy	formal letter to director english academy
Dear Mr.	Dear Mr.
Webster,	Webster,
I am writting in response to your letter.	I am writing in response to your letter.
I am very glad too for go to your academy.	I am very honored to be selected into your academy. 
I am sure i will learning a lot of english in your school.	I am sure I will learn a lot of English in your school.
This is a great oportunity for my and my career.	This is a great opportunity for me and my career prospects.
I need to get a high level  english,  because is an essentil skill to work abroad, and get a good  job in a company.	I need to get a high level in English because it's an essential skill required for working overseas and getting a good job in a company.
For accommodation i prefer a youth hostel.	For accommodation I prefer a youth hostel.
I think is cheaper and i will can practice a lot english with my flatmates, in addition to, it would be a good way to meet new people and get friends quickly.	I think it is cheaper and I can practice a lot of English with my flatmates. In addition, it would be a good way to meet new people and establish and maintain good friendship.
On the other hand, i live in place where weather is all  year warm, but i think is diferent in manchester, maybe raining often, I would like know it, to be ready with appropiate clothes and shoes, when i get there.	On the other hand, I live in place where weather is warm constantly all year, but i think it is diferent in Manchester, maybe raining often, I would like know it, to be ready with appropriate clothes and shoes, when I get there.
I look forward to receive your reply.	I will be looking forward in receiving your reply. 
I am, yours sincerely.	Yours Sincerely.
Dani	Dani
EMAIL. MY FAVOURITE RECIPE	EMAIL. MY FAVOURITE RECIPE
EMAIL.	EMAIL.
MY FAVOURITE RECIPE	MY FAVOURITE RECIPE
Sender: malcom	Sender: malcom
Addresse: malcom@hotmali.	Addresse: malcom@hotmali.
es	es
Subject: my favourite récipe	Subject: my favourite récipe
Dear friend,	Dear friend,
Thanks for your letter.	Thanks for your letter.
I am all right and I go on working in Galicia.	I am all right, I'm still working in Galicia.
Our friends are always asking for you, you would should write them.	Our friends are always asking for you, you should write to them.
In response to your question about one recipe for your party, my favourite food is the roast chicken.	In response to your question about a recipe for your party, my favourite food is roast chicken.
To cook it you will need:	To cook it you will need:
1   whole chicken	1   whole chicken
1/2 cup margarine	1/2 cup margarine
Olive, salt, and peper.	Olive, salt, and peper.
Cooking process:	Cooking process:
1.	1.
Preheat oven to 175 degree.	Preheat oven to 175 degrees.
2.	2.
Cover the roasty pan with a thin margarine´s film including over chicken        and season with salt and peper.	Cover the roasting pan lightly with margarine including over chicken and season with salt and peper.
Pour on the olive oil over the chicken.	Pour the olive oil over the chicken.
3.	3.
Bake uncovered 1 hour and remove from heat.	Bake uncovered for 1 hour and remove from heat.
Serving and baste with itself sauce.	Baste with its own sauce and serve
You will success with my recipe.	You will have success with my recipe.
I am sorry to not be there but I am sure it would be a great dinner.	I am sorry I cannot be there but I am sure it will be a great dinner.
I have to go now.	I have to go now.
Write soon!	Write soon!
Lots of love	Lots of love
Pedro.	Pedro.
formal letter to director english academy	formal letter to director english academy
Dear Mr.	Dear Mr.
Webster,	Webster,
I am writting in response to your letter.	I am writting in response to your letter.
I am very glad too for go to your academy.	I am very glad too for go to your academy.
I am sure i will learning a lot of english in your school.	I am sure i will learning a lot of english in your school.
This is a great oportunity for my and my career.	This is a great oportunity for my and my career.
I need to get a high level  english,  because is an essentil skill to work abroad, and get a good  job in a company.	I need to get a high level  english,  because is an essentil skill to work abroad, and get a good  job in a company.
For accommodation i prefer a youth hostel.	For accommodation i prefer a youth hostel.
I think is cheaper and i will can practice a lot english with my flatmates, in addition to, it would be a good way to meet new people and get friends quickly.	I think is cheaper and i will can practice a lot english with my flatmates, in addition to, it would be a good way to meet new people and get friends quickly.
On the other hand, i live in place where weather is all  year warm, but i think is diferent in manchester, maybe raining often, I would like know it, to be ready with appropiate clothes and shoes, when i get there.	On the other hand, i live in place where weather is all  year warm, but i think is diferent in manchester, maybe raining often, I would like know it, to be ready with appropiate clothes and shoes, when i get there.
I look forward to receive your reply.	I look forward to receive your reply.
I am, yours sincerely.	I am, yours sincerely.
Dani	Dani
prove	prove
hi, this is mi proving this site.	hi, this is mi proving this site.
Thank you for correct this.	Thank you for correct this.
im from ecuador, tomorrow im going to my job .	im from ecuador, tomorrow im going to my job .
im a web developer.	im a web developer.
Greetings!	Greetings!
Hello!	Hello!
I'm from Spain and I've been learning English since I can remember...	I'm from Spain and I've been learning English since I can remember...
I entered this website because I need to practice my oral English, since it's been a long time without talking with someone native and I desperately need it.	I entered this website because I need to practice my oral English, since it's been a long time without talking with someone native and I desperately need it.
So, I will thank anyone who'd like to talk with me!	So, I will thank anyone who'd like to talk with me!
A heavenly bridge,	A heavenly bridge,
Sometimes we think god is oblivious to our worries and needs that he is blind and deaf, we feel far away form his presence, but we are wrong cause he is close to us, it´s just we are not using one of the main weapons of every heavenly citizen, the pray, this is the bridge between heaven and earth, jus use it.	Sometimes we think god is oblivious to our worries and needs that he is blind and deaf, we feel far away form his presence, but we are wrong cause he is close to us, it´s just we are not using one of the main weapons of every heavenly citizen, the pray, this is the bridge between heaven and earth, jus use it.
My first post ^^	My First Post ^^
Hello ^^.	Hello ^^.
I guess that I'm going to talk about what I'm gonna do today.	I guess that I'm going to talk about what I'm gonna do today.
well...	well...
I'm at the university and I'm just finishing the semester, because of that I been so busy these days studying for the final tests and doing works, is really stressful.	I'm at university and I'm just finishing the semester, because of that, I've been so busy recently studying for the final tests, and doing work, it has been really stressful.
Today I have to study for a a final Test of inmunology that I have the wednesday and I have to start to doing my homework of korean.	Today I have to study for the final test on Immunology this Wednesday, and I have to start doing my Korean homework. 
For the next class I have to listen a korean song and try to write the lyrics, I want to choose "I can't let you go, even if I die" of 2AM, can you recomended me another song?	For the next class I have to listen to a Korean song and try to write down the lyrics, I want to choose "I can't let you go, even if I die" by 2AM, can you recommend another song to me?
Today is Sunday   :-(	Today is Sunday   :-(
Hello everybody, this is my second entry in this website.	Hello everybody, this is my second entry on this website.
I was bored so I decide come here in front of my computer and write something.	I was bored so I decide sit in front of my computer and write something.
I currently have started to read the book A song of Fire and Ice (Game of thrones)  in first of all I start watching the TV series but I can’t wait one week for watch the next episode and for that reason I decided start to read the book.	I have started reading the book A song of Fire and Ice (Game of thrones). I first start watching the TV series, but I can’t wait one week for watch the next episode, so I decided start reading the book.
I currently have started to read the book A song of Fire and Ice (Game of thrones)  in first of all I start watching the TV series but I can’t wait one week for watch the next episode and for that reason I decided start to read the book.	I have started reading the book A song of Fire and Ice (Game of thrones). I first started watching the TV series, but I can’t wait one week to watch the next episode, so I decided to start reading the book.
I started to read in English because I thought that it was usefull for get some more vocabulary but… I realized that I have not idea about English vocabulary (haha) I had read some books in English but those were technical books and the vocabulary is not so descriptive and usually use a intermediate vocabulary but this, haha I can not read a paragraph without seek one or two words in the wordreference.	I started to read in English because I thought that it was useful for getting some more vocabulary, but… I realized that I have no idea about English vocabulary (haha) I had read some books in English but those were technical books and the vocabulary is not so descriptive and they usually use an intermediate vocabulary but this, haha I can not read a paragraph without looking up one or two words in the dictionary.
I started to read in English because I thought that it was usefull for get some more vocabulary but… I realized that I have not idea about English vocabulary (haha) I had read some books in English but those were technical books and the vocabulary is not so descriptive and usually use a intermediate vocabulary but this, haha I can not read a paragraph without seek one or two words in the wordreference.	I started to read in English because I thought that it was useful for improving my vocabulary but… I realized that I have no idea what a lot of the English vocabulary means (haha). I have read some books in English but those were technical books and the vocabulary is not so descriptive and they usually use an intermediate vocabulary but this, haha I cannot read a paragraph without looking up one or two words in the dictionary.
Due to this I think that read this book take its time.	Due to this, I think that reading this book will take some time.
In other hand I have to say that today is Sunday and this is the day that I most hate of the week, I don’t know why but may be is because the Sundays are so bored the only think good the Sunday is that how I have a lot of free time I can go to running by the bank of the river so after I finish to write this I go out to make some sport.	On the other hand I have to say that today is Sunday and this is the day of the week that I hate most , I don’t know why but maybe it is because the Sundays are so boring. The only good thing about Sunday is that I have a lot of free time in which I can go to running by the bank of the river, so after I finish to write this I will go out to have some fun.
In other hand I have to say that today is Sunday and this is the day that I most hate of the week, I don’t know why but may be is because the Sundays are so bored the only think good the Sunday is that how I have a lot of free time I can go to running by the bank of the river so after I finish to write this I go out to make some sport.	On the other hand I have to say that today is Sunday, and this is the day that I hate the most. I don’t know why but maybe it is because the Sundays are so boring, the only good thing about Sunday is that I have a lot of free time in which I can go to running by the bank of the river. So after I finish to writing this I will go out to have some fun.
Bye everybody.	Bye everybody.
THE F1	The F1
This weekend is the Grand prix of Europe here in Valencia and in this entry I would like to comment something about it.	This weekend is the Grand prix of Europe here in Valencia, and in this entry I would like to comments about it.
Maybe look like that all is so beautiful at least when you see the city in the TV, all seems so pretty but the really true is that every big event that the govern make here is only for earn money.	It may look like all is beautiful, a least when you see the city on TV. The real truth is that every big event that the government makes is only to earn money.
Well really not earn I want say steal money.	Well, what I really want to say is that the government really steals rather than earns money.
I said this because in every event that they make here we lose money, like in the American’s cup, all that they said was that the competition bring money to the city but really they only spend money and finally the balance is always negative for the citizens that pay those events whit our taxes.	I said this because in every event that they have here they lose money. Like with the America’s cup, all that they said was that the competition brings money to the city, but really they only spend money. Finally, the balance is always negative for the citizens that pay for those events with our taxes.]
Perhaps sound some rough speak this way form my city but really the city is a pretty city but I only blame to our politics that they only are a bunch or thieves and I don’t know how they can be reelected one and other time.	Perhaps this sounds like some rough language for my city. The city is pretty, but I blame politics and see politicians as a bunch of thieves that should not be re-elected.
Thanks for read, bye.	Thanks for reading this, bye.
More or less my work.	More or less my work.
Hi, today I really don’t want write much but I set myself as a goal write at least 4 entries for week for improve my English, so here I am writing something with no idea for about what write.	Hi, today I really don’t want to write much but I set myself as a goal to write at least 4 entries a week to improve my English, so here I am writing something with no idea what to write.
Hi, today I really don’t want write much but I set myself as a goal write at least 4 entries for week for improve my English, so here I am writing something with no idea for about what write.	Hi, today I really don’t want to write much, but I set a goal for myself to write at least 4 entries per week to improve my English. So here I am writing something with no idea what to write about.
Hi, today I really don’t want write much but I set myself as a goal write at least 4 entries for week for improve my English, so here I am writing something with no idea for about what write.	Hi, I really don’t want write much today, but I set myself a goal to write at least 4 entries a week to improve my English, so here I am writing something with no idea what to write.
Well after this little reflection I will write about my job, I am working in a company in fact I am working in the I+D section (investigation and development, I don’t know how is called in English), currently we are working in a European project and for this reason all reports that I have to do I have to write in English, more or less I write how I can and late my boss correct my mistakes in the final report, really this help me for write in English and this is one of the reasons for that I am practice the English in this website.	Well after this little reflection I will write about my job, I am working in a company, in fact I am working in the I+D section (investigation and development, I don’t know what it is called in English), currently we are working on a European project and for this reason all reports that I have to do I have to write in English, more or less I write as well as I can and later my boss corrects my mistakes in the final report, this really helps me write in English and this is one of the reasons that I am practice English on this website.
Well after this little reflection I will write about my job, I am working in a company in fact I am working in the I+D section (investigation and development, I don’t know how is called in English), currently we are working in a European project and for this reason all reports that I have to do I have to write in English, more or less I write how I can and late my boss correct my mistakes in the final report, really this help me for write in English and this is one of the reasons for that I am practice the English in this website.	Well after this little reflection I will write about my job, I am working for a company in the R&D section (research and development). Currently we are working on an European project, and for this reason all reports that I have to write are in English, more or less I write as best as I can and later my boss corrects my mistakes in the final report. This really helps my written English, and this is one of the reasons why I am practicing English on this website.
Well after this little reflection I will write about my job, I am working in a company in fact I am working in the I+D section (investigation and development, I don’t know how is called in English), currently we are working in a European project and for this reason all reports that I have to do I have to write in English, more or less I write how I can and late my boss correct my mistakes in the final report, really this help me for write in English and this is one of the reasons for that I am practice the English in this website.	Well, after that little disclaimer I will write about my job. I am working for a company in the R&D section (Research and Development). Currently we are working on a European project, and for this reason I have to write all the reports that I have to do in English. More or less, I write as well as I can and my boss corrects my mistakes later on in the final report. This really helps me write in English and is also one of the reasons for that I am practicing the English on this website.
I do other thinks apart of write reports not all task are so bored haha, I also have to program, design and test the devices and other of the task is assist to the conference call with the other partners of the project, of course all meetings are in English spoken.	I do other things apart from writing reports; not all tasks are so boring haha, I also have to program, design and test the devices and also assist with conference calls with the other partners of the project, of course all meetings are spoken in English .
I do other thinks apart of write reports not all task are so bored haha, I also have to program, design and test the devices and other of the task is assist to the conference call with the other partners of the project, of course all meetings are in English spoken.	I do other thinks apart from writing reports, and not all of my tasks are so boring, haha. I also program, design and test the devices and other tasks to assist the conference calls with the other partners of the project. Of course all meetings are in English .
I do other thinks apart of write reports not all task are so bored haha, I also have to program, design and test the devices and other of the task is assist to the conference call with the other partners of the project, of course all meetings are in English spoken.	I do other things aside from writing reports; not all of my tasks are that boring, haha. I also have to program, design and test the devices, and another one of the tasks is to assist conference calls to the other partners of the project. Of course all meetings are held in English.
Maybe this entry is too bored but how I said before today I didn’t know about what write, another day I will try write something much funny.	Maybe this entry is too boring but how I said before, today I didn’t know about what write, another day I will try write something much funnier.
Maybe this entry is too bored but how I said before today I didn’t know about what write, another day I will try write something much funny.	Maybe this entry is too boring, but I said it before, today I don't know what to write, another day I will try write something funnier.
Maybe this entry is too bored but how I said before today I didn’t know about what write, another day I will try write something much funny.	Maybe this entry is too boring, but like I said before, I didn’t know what to write about today. I will try write something funnier another day .
Thanks a lot, Bye.	Thanks a lot, Bye.
Thanks a lot, Bye.	Thanks a lot! Bye.
Change of season	Change of season
Hello, today I will write about the change of season.	Hello, today I will write about the change of season.
Today we change the spring for the summer although here the hot is insufferable we are over the 30oC, here in Valencia (Spain) we have a tradition I don’t know if in others countries they do the same thing but here we call the San Juan’s  night (translation is La noche de San Juan) and this party is about that the young people and not so young, we go to the beach and we make a fire (maybe is better use bonfire instead fire) then we cooking some meat in the ember and when midnight come is tradition ask one wish and jump over the ember or bonfire depend how dare you are, haha.	Today we change from spring to summer, although here the heat is insufferable as it is over 30° C. Here in Valencia (Spain) we have a tradition; I don’t know if in others countries they do the same thing but here we call it San Juan’s night (translation is La noche de San Juan) and this party is about how young people and not so young. We go to the beach and we make a bonfire, then we cook some meat on the embers and when midnight comes it is tradition to ask one wish and jump over the embers or over the whole bonfire, if you dare, haha.
Today we change the spring for the summer although here the hot is insufferable we are over the 30oC, here in Valencia (Spain) we have a tradition I don’t know if in others countries they do the same thing but here we call the San Juan’s  night (translation is La noche de San Juan) and this party is about that the young people and not so young, we go to the beach and we make a fire (maybe is better use bonfire instead fire) then we cooking some meat in the ember and when midnight come is tradition ask one wish and jump over the ember or bonfire depend how dare you are, haha.	Today we change from spring to summer. Although the heet is insufferable, it is over the 30°C, here in Valencia (Spain), we have a tradition called the San Juan’s night (translation is La noche de San Juan). I don’t know if others countries do the same thing, but here we have this party, and it is about that the young people and not so young. We go to the beach, make a bonfire, some meat in the embers, and when midnight comes there is tradition of making one wish and jumping over the embers or bonfire.
We make a big party in the beach and every group of people put the music loud, so that is like a disco but over the beach, it is a funny tradition and before go to home also a lot of people go to the swimming.	We have a big party at the beach and every group of people puts on loud music , so that it is like a disco but all over the beach; it is a funny tradition and before people go home a lot of people also go swimming.
We make a big party in the beach and every group of people put the music loud, so that is like a disco but over the beach, it is a funny tradition and before go to home also a lot of people go to the swimming.	We have a big party on the beach and everybody plays loud music, so that it is like a club, but on the beach. Also, there is a funny tradition where before going home a lot of people go swimming.
This is the way that here celebrate the change of season.	This is the way that we celebrate the change of season here.
I would like know about how celebrate the change of season so you don’t hesitate write something about it.	I would like know about how you celebrate the change of season, so don’t hesitate to write something about it.
I would like know about how celebrate the change of season so you don’t hesitate write something about it.	I would like to know how you celebrate the change of season, so don’t hesitate to write something about it.
Thanks a lot, Bye.	Thanks a lot, bye.
Hi there.	Hi there.
Hi everybody, I would like introduce me, my name is Manuel I am form Valencia (Spain) and this is my first time that I write in this web.	Hi everybody, I would like introduce myself. My name is Manuel. I am form Valencia, Spain and this is my first time to join this site.
Hi everybody, I would like introduce me, my name is Manuel I am form Valencia (Spain) and this is my first time that I write in this web.	Hi everybody, I would like introduce m myself, my name is Manuel, I am from Valencia (Spain), and this is my first time that I am writing on the web.
Hi everybody, I would like introduce me, my name is Manuel I am form Valencia (Spain) and this is my first time that I write in this web.	Hi everybody, I would like introduce myself, my name is Manuel, I am from Valencia, Spain and this is the first time that I've written on this site. 
I am twenty five years old and I am electronic engineer, I am writing because I need improve my English and I think that this web can be useful for me because let me practice my written English and correct some mistakes and also get some expressions.	I am twenty five years old and I am an Electronics Engineer. I am writing because I need to improve my English and I think that this website can be useful for me.  It lets me practice my written English, correct some mistakes, and also get some expressions.
I am twenty five years old and I am electronic engineer, I am writing because I need improve my English and I think that this web can be useful for me because let me practice my written English and correct some mistakes and also get some expressions.	I am twenty five years old, and I am electronic engineer. I am writing because I need to improve my English. I think that the web can be useful for me because it lets me practice my written English, and offer corrections for some of my mistakes and also some expressions.
I am twenty five years old and I am electronic engineer, I am writing because I need improve my English and I think that this web can be useful for me because let me practice my written English and correct some mistakes and also get some expressions.	I am twenty five years old and I am an electronic engineer. I am twenty five years old and I am an electronic engineer. I am writing this because I need to improve my English and I think that this site could be useful for me, because it will let me practice my written English and correct some mistakes and also learn some new expressions.
For this time I only want introduce me and tell something about me in other occasion I write something more elaborated.	For now, I will only introduce myself but next time I will write something more elaborated.
For this time I only want introduce me and tell something about me in other occasion I write something more elaborated.	For this entry I only want to introduce myself and tell something about myself. On another occasion I will write something more elaborated.
For this time I only want introduce me and tell something about me in other occasion I write something more elaborated.	For now, I only want introduce myself and tell you something about me. On another occasion I will write something more elaborate.
I also looking some one for speaking by skype or something like that if someone is interested in speak behalf in English and Spanish can write me a private message.	I am also looking for someone I can talk to, in English or Spanish, via Skype or the likes. If you are interested, please send me a private message.
I also looking some one for speaking by skype or something like that if someone is interested in speak behalf in English and Spanish can write me a private message.	I am also looking for someone interested in speaking by skype or something like that. If someone is interested in speak half in English and Spanish he or she can write me a private message.
I also looking some one for speaking by skype or something like that if someone is interested in speak behalf in English and Spanish can write me a private message.	I am also looking for someone to speak with on skype or something like that. If someone is interested in speaking half in English and half in Spanish you can write me a private message.
Kind regards,	Kind regards,
 Manuel.	 Manuel.
hello	hello
hello, I´m Laura, I`m 21 years old and I live in Bogota Colombia, at the moment I`m studing english because it like very much.	hello, I´m Laura, I`m 21 years old and I live in Bogota Colombia, at the moment I`m studing english because it like very much.
I wish to learn english very well, what else, I would like travel to Canada, UK and USA because so I can practice my english.	I wish to learn english very well, what else, I would like travel to Canada, UK and USA because so I can practice my english.
Besides in the future I`m going to study french and german and I will be  polyglot.	Besides in the future I`m going to study french and german and I will be  polyglot.
Hello!	Hello!
Hello!	Hello!
my name is Mauro Jesús and I learn to write and speak english	My name is Mauro Jesús and I learn to write and speak English
my name is Mauro Jesús and I learn to write and speak english	My name is Mauro Jesús and I want to learn to write and speak English -O se puede decirMy name is Mauro Jesús and I'm learning to write and speak English
because in my job the english is common.	because in my job English is common.
The manual of products are in english	The manual of products are in english
Some words in english.	Some words in english.
Hi there!	Hi there!
Recently I started using lang-8 and find it so much addictive, specially if you are bored at work like me right now.	Recently I started using lang-8 and find it so addictive, especially if you are bored at work like me right now.
The thing is there are no customers, and that is because February is not a very touristic month I guess.	The thing is there are no customers, because February is not a very tourist-friendly month, I guess.
I work with foreign tourists and sadly I think today will be like yesterday, I mean youtube, reading some books and so on...	I work with foreign tourists. Sadly I think today will be like yesterday -- I will be watching youtube, reading some books and so on...
(you might think that is fabulous specially if you get paid for doing nothing but believe me it's so boring...)	(you might think that is fabulous especially if you get paid for doing nothing, but believe me it's so boring...)
But today I have some work to do, I need to write a letter to apply for a governmental grant and I can't find the moment to start it...	But today I have some work to do: I need to write a letter to apply for a governmental grant, and I can't find the moment to start it...
Even if someone appeared just to say hello it would be easier to be on (how do you express to be active?	Even if someone appeared just to say hello it would be easier to be on duty than write.
to start the day?)...	to start the day?)...
And,,, the hardest thing is the coffee machine is off...	And,,, the hardest thing is the coffee machine is off...
:P	:P
Hello!	Hello!
How are you doing?	How are you doing?
These days have been extremely difficult, I have many things to think of.	These days have been extremely difficult, I have many things to think about.
I have to go to University in the afternoon because I have to resolve some problems with my inscription.	I have to go to University in the afternoon because I have to resolve some problems with my registration.
Next week I'm starting the new semester, I'm so excited, I want to meet some new friends and also improve my grades.	Next week I'm starting the new semester, I'm so excited, I want to meet some new friends and also improve my grades.
I'm taking the japanese course and one thai friend is going to teach us thai!	I'm taking a Japanese course and a Thai friend is going to teach us Thai!
I'm taking the japanese course and one thai friend is going to teach us thai!	I'm taking the japanese course and one thai friend is going to teach us thai!A Thai friend is going to teach Japanese???
It seems complicated but not impossible.	It seems complicated but not impossible.
I wanted to study mandarin but the course won't open because of the lack of students T-T.	I wanted to study mandarin but the course won't open because of the lack of students T-T.
Anyway thai will be an interesting challenge, don't you think?...	Anyway Thai will be an interesting challenge, don't you think?...
Well, this is all for today...	Well, this is all for today...
hope you can help me...	hope you can help me...
Bye!	Bye!
My reading habits	My reading habits
I like to read books, newspaper and some stories from internet, where here thare are a lot of pages of information, entertaintmet and literature, but books are beter than other wayas of reading.	I like to read books, newspapers and stories from the internet, where there are a lot of pages of information, entertainment and literature, but I think books are better than any other way of reading.
Now, I'm reading a science fiction novel about vampires because I like vampires a lot, specially modern vampires.	Now, I'm reading a science fiction novel about vampires because I like vampires a lot, especially modern vampires.
The book that I'm reading is named: "Lestat the vampire", and the plot is about a newbie vampire who wants to know the secret of his inmortality and he enjoys the pleasures of the life.	The book that I'm reading is named: "Lestat the vampire", and the plot is about a new vampire who wants to know the secret of his immortality and he enjoys the pleasures of the life.
Lestat is arrogant, and because of the secret, he toured many places; I like a lot because of the way of narration, the history is another atracttive element that I enjoyed too and because Lestat is handsome (in the movie :D)	Lestat is arrogant, and because of the secret, he toured many places; I like it a lot because of the way it is narrated, the history is another attractive element that I enjoyed too and also because Lestat is handsome (in the movie :D)
The ways I enjoy reading books are: on my bed before sleep, I curl up with the book, and sometimes when I read magazines I skim through it and when i was a little girl I used to collect clippings from magazines too.	The ways I enjoy reading books are: on my bed before sleep, I curl up with the book, and sometimes when I read magazines I skim through it and when i was a little girl I used to collect clippings from magazines too.
I often read every weekend, when is the time that I have time, at the night before to sleep.	I often read every weekend, when I have time, at night before bed.
I hope you can help me with this little essay.	I hope you can help me with this little essay.
Thank you :D	Thank you :D
December	December
December is the happiest month of the year..	December is the happiest month of the year..
I love the tree and the gifts, but the most important are the family hugs.	I love the tree and the gifts, but the most important things are the family hugs.
My Santa Claus is very special for me and I love him...	My Santa Claus is very special for me and I love him...
I wish to all people peace and love for the new year   	I wish to all people peace and love for the new year   
We may win a trip to NY!	We may win a trip to NY!
I'm participating in a university contest involving some tests (I don't feel test is the best word...	I'm participating in a university contest involving some tests (I don't feel test is the best word...
can you think of a better one?), all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO.	can you think of a better one?), all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO.
After each team submits its proposal, there's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web.	After each team submits its proposal, there's a week for people to vote for their faouvorite on the web.
After that, a jury scores/rates each one, and so the winner for each test is chosen.	After that, a jury scores/rates each one, and so the winner for each test is chosen.
There's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest: they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course (or a language one, if they haven't finished their career).	There's a final prize for the three highest scoring teams at the end of the contest. They all can enroll for free in a postgraduate course (or a language one, if they haven't finished their degree).
Additionally, the first team get to travel to New York!	Additionally, the first team gets to travel to New York!
We won last test, and each of the components of our team got a mobile phone.	We won the last test, and each of the members of our team got a mobile phone.
As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone (the european version of Droid), I gave it to my father, who's actually very happy with it, since it's a cute small nokia with wifi.	As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone (the european version of Droid), I gave it to my father, who's actually very happy with it, since it's a cute small Nokia with wifi.
We go firsts now, but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time, we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time.	We're going first next time, but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time, we expect the jury to make the ones who are going third win this time.
But we still hope we win at last and visit USA!!	But we still hope we win in the end and visit USA!!
Wish us luck :)	Wish us luck :)
So loooong since I last wrote anything in English!!	So loooong since I last wrote anything in English!!
It's being like...	It's being like...
eight years since I last studied English at highschool (or anywhere, now that I think about it).	eight years since I last studied English at highschool (or anywhere, now that I think about it).
Thankfully, all this time I haven't stopped reading it on the internet, and listening to American and English television series.	Thankfully, all this time I haven't stopped reading on the internet, and listening to American and English television series. You don't have to put "it" for this sentence. It is implied that you are reading or listening the English language. 
Around a month ago, I decided I'm gonna take the TOEFL exam on december.	Around a month ago, I decided I'm gonna take the TOEFL exam in December. I think "in" would sound better and you have to capitalize the first letter of each month. 
Around a month ago, I decided I'm gonna take the TOEFL exam on december.	Around a month ago, I decided I'm going to take the TOEFL exam in December. "Gonna" is only for spoken English, never written, especially not on a TOEFL exam. 
Not only because I want to know what my real level is, but also because I'm gonna need the results on april when I start asking for a scholarship for my postgraduate studies abroad.	Not only because I want to know what my real level is, but also I'm gonna need the results on April when I start asking for a scholarship for my postgraduate studies abroad. Same. You have to capitalize the first letter of each month. 
I started taking all the TOEFL and Proficiency tests I could find, and I'm glad to see my reading and listening comprehension are very high.	I started taking all the TOEFL and Proficiency tests I could find, and I'm glad to see my reading and listening comprehension are very high.
I'm also quite confident about my speaking (although a little bit concerned about my pronunciation, but I'm gonna practice talking with a buddy), but the writing part of the exam gives me goosebumps.	I'm also quite confident about my speaking (although a little bit concerned about my pronunciation, but I'm gonna practice talking with a buddy), but the writing part of the exam gives me goosebumps.
I can express myself properly, but can I do it using such complicated words and grammar to convince the examiners that I'm worth a 100+ in my ibT?	I can express myself properly, but can I do it using such complicated words and grammar to convince the examiners that I'm worth a 100+ in my ibT?
I tend to write quite plain, it's not that I can't use some impressive vocabulary and phrasal verbs (lol), but I usually forget them.	I tend to write quite plain, it's not that I can't use some impressive vocabulary and phrasal verbs (lol), but I usually forget them.
So...	So...
time for practice!	time for practice!
I'm using Anki (it's a very useful software wich uses memory algorithm based on spaced repetition learning) with a vocabulary deck to learn/review some difficult and showy words, just in case ;).	I'm using Anki (it's a very useful software wich uses memory algorithm based on spaced repetition learning) with a vocabulary deck to learn/review some difficult and showy words, just in case ;).
Now I know the body of athletes is lithe, that when I get my 100+ it'll be a momentous event, and that an argument that doesn't hold water is the way you translate the "hacer aguas" expression in spanish.	Now I know the body of athletes* is lithe, that when I get my 100+ it'll be a momentous event, and that an argument that doesn't hold water is the way you translate the "hacer aguas" expression in spanish. *You can either say "the body of an athlete is lithe" or "the bodies of athletes are lithe". You have to match singular to singular and plural to plural. 
Please be really extrict with my written expression, not only with the faults I commit, but also tell me how would you say anything that sounds weird.	Please be really strict with my written expressions, not only with the faults I commit, but also tell me how would you say anything if it sounds weird.
Thank you very much!!	Thank you very much!!
Independent task TOEFL writing practice I	Independent task TOEFL writing practice I
Topic: Some people think that the family is the most important influence on young adults.	Topic: Some people think that the family is the most important influence on young adults.
Other people think that friends are.	Other people think that friends are.
Which view do you agree with?	Which view do you agree with?
Use examples to support your opinion.	Use examples to support your opinion.
As we are talking about character, I don't believe a unique judment can be made	Since we are talking about character, I don't believe a single judgement can be made.
It depends on the individual whether it is his family or his social acquitances who carry more weight on his decitions and behaviour.	It depends on the individual whether it is his family or his social acquitances who carry more weight on his decisions and behaviour.
Nevertheless, I also believe a person is more likely to be influenced by his friends when he's on his teens than when he's older and has matured.	Nevertheless, I also believe a person is more likely to be influenced by his friends when he's in his teens than when he's older and has matured.
Even if the family is usually still present in your life, at this age it's the outside world the one offering you more stimulus rather than your homelife.	Even if the family is still present in your life, at this age it's the outside world that offers you more stimulus rather than your home life.
This is when people start changing their clothes and hair to fit the group.	This is when people start changing their clothes and hair to fit the group.
On the other side, I think as a child your parents and the rest of your family make a deep impression on the way your personality develops.	On the other side, I think when you are a child your parents and the rest of your family make a deep impression on the way your personality develops.
After they go through the first years of your adult life, youngsters usually turn back to theire families looking for support and advice.	After they go through the first years of their adult life, youngsters usually turn back to their families looking for support and advice.
I AM AN ADICTED ENGLISH LEARNER!!!	I AM AN ADICTED ENGLISH LEARNER!!!
Hi guys,	Hi guys,
I know, I am not that good at English but I try to do my best!	I know, I am not that good at English but I try to do my best!
My name is Luz Angela and i come from Bogotá.	My name is Luz Angela and i come from Bogotá.
I was learning English for many year, now is time to improve as much as I have to.	I was learning English for many year, now is time to improve as much as I have to.
However, this is very tought becoause I would like to be more discipline.	However, this is very tought becoause I would like to be more discipline.
I just want to speak better and also my listening is very bad.	I just want to speak better and also my listening is very bad.
Nevertheless, I am teaching Spanish to foreigners which is very useful.	Nevertheless, I am teaching Spanish to foreigners which is very useful.
Tell me, so far, what you think about my poor skills of writing.	Tell me, so far, what you think about my poor skills of writing.
Kind Regards,	Kind Regards,
Luz Angela	Luz Angela
learn more.... every day...	learn more.... every day...
I would like to walk around there	I would like to walk around there
good time	good time
This weekend my friend and I went to a lake house because was a birthday's party of a friend.	This weekend my friend and I went to a lake house for a friend's birthday party.
I wasn't  expect that I'll spend a good time there, but I was wrong.	I didn't expect to have a good time there, but I was wrong.
It was totally great, we jumped in the lake, we rowed a boat, ate grill hamburgers and fore sure at night the bonfire sharing drinks and laughs spending a good time, also we played a game that I don't remember the name of it but it's lake you have to throw like a litter sack to a target which is a hole in a kind of table and depend where it hit is your score, so it was fantastic the view, company, sun and so on.	It was totally great, we jumped into the lake, we rowed a boat, ate grilled hamburgers. At night we sat around the bonfire sharing drinks and laughs having a good time. Also we played a game that I don't remember the name of, but you had to throw a little sack at a target which was a hole in a kind of table. Your score depended on where you hit. The view, the company, the sun and so on, it was fantastic.
The bad thing is that I had to drive  all the way back and was like 3 hours or a litter more on the traffic and also I had to drop off a couple friends in them house, but any way I have a good memories that makes me pass the week well.	The bad thing was that I had to drive all the way back which took like 3 hours or more because of the traffic. Also I had to drop off a couple friends at their houses, but either way I have good memories of a week well spent.
letter to my Insurance 	letter to my Insurance 
To whom it may concern.	To whom it may concern, 
My case number is UE8855148, one of the  documents  above that I attached is the receipt which I paid my country before I came to USA to the agency representative of "AU" in Mexico.	my case number is UE8855148. One of the documents above that I attached is the receipt which I paid in Mexico before I came to the USA to the agency representative of "AU."
I already advice them about my basic insurance instead of the Medical upgrade insurance,they are checking this.	I already advise them about my basic insurance instead of the Medical upgrade insurance, they are checking this.
I hope this documents can help or wath else do I need to do?, Also I'd LIke to know if the hospital that I'll make my exams is part of your coverage, inasmuch as I already have appointment to do this exams this wednesday at 8:30 am, Thanks for help me.	I hope these documents can help or what else do I need to do? Also, I'd like to know if the hospital where I'll take my exams is part of your coverage, inasmuch as I already have an appointment to do these exams this Wednesday at 8:30 am, Thanks for helping me.
Belinda 	Belinda 
I don't know way	I don't know way
Tonight is one of those nigths that you are with your friends, actually dancing infront of you, trying to spend a good time, but at the same time you feel like you are missing something or can be just only that you are worry about something or someone but any way I just whant to share my thoughts, I hope tomorrow it can be beatter 	Tonight is one of those nights where you are with your friends who are dancing in front of you trying to have a good time, but you feel like you are missing something or someone. I just wanted to share my thoughts. I hope tomorrow can be a better day.
My first comment 	My first comment 
Hello, here I am to speak about myself, I am a student of Industrial Engineering in National University of San Marcos, in Lima Peru.	Hello, here I am to speak about myself, I am a student of Industrial Engineering in National University of San Marcos, in Lima Peru.
I am 23 years old, and I am learning english on my own, because now I don't have time to go to an English institute or English academy.	I am 23 years old, and I am learning english on my own, because now I don't have time to go to an English institute or English academy.
Well, I think this is all for today, I hope someone finds mistakes in this comment and helps me to improve my english.	Well, I think this is all for today, I hope someone finds mistakes in this comment and helps me to improve my english.
Thanks a lot.	Thanks a lot.
:)	:)
Alone at home	Alone at home
Well, today I am alone at home.	Well, today I am home alone.
My all family has left home, and I don't know where they are.	My whole family has left and I don't know where they are.
Here I am in front of my computer surfing the internet looking for more material to learn English, and also watching some movies and listening to music to relax.	Here I am in front of my computer surfing the internet looking for more material to learn English, and also watching some movies and listening to music to relax.
I hope they late to come back because just so I can listen to loud music without annoying anyone :).	I hope they come back late, so I can listen to loud music without annoying anyone :).
Shopping	Shopping
Today I went to shopping with my mother and brother.	Today I went shopping with my mother and brother.
We had a nice day.	We had a nice day.
She came back after some months, she work in another city and visit us one time each two or three months.	My mother had come back after some months. She works in another city and visits us once every two or three months.
We are in Winter, and my brother didn't take his coat because in the morning it was sunny.	It is winter here, and my brother didn't take his coat because that morning it was sunny.
At five o'clock in the afternoon he started to feel cold.	At five o'clock in the afternoon he started to feel cold.
He should had bring up his coat.	He should have taken his coat.
Funfair	Funfair
Tomorrow I am going to funfair with my friends.	Tomorrow I am going to funfair with my friends. What is funfair? Is it the name of an official event? If so, it would probably be written Funfair.
But won't be all of them, few of them are in an event in another city for five days, and we are missing them, but they are having fun in the conferences, so we also have right to have fun!.	But it won't be with all of them because afew of them areat an event in another city for five days, so theyare missing. But they are having fun at the conferences, so we also have the right to have fun!
I think we are having fun tomorrow, because we are very good friends and very united.	I think wewill have fun tomorrow because we are very good friends and very close.
First day	First day
Yesterday was my first day of classes at the university, after almost a month of vacations.	Yesterday was my first day of classes at the university, after almost a month of vacations.
I went to the university with enthusiams to learn new things, I had two courses, but only arrived a teacher of the first course.	I went to the university with enthusiasm to learn new things, I had two courses, . but only the teacher from my first course showed up. 
I had been waiting thirty minutes for my other teacher , but he never arrived.	I waited thirty minutes for my other teacher , but he never arrived.
Well, I hope this situation improves on the next days.	Well, I hope this situation improves next time we have class.
Amusement park	Amusement park
Today I am going to amusement park with my school friends.	Today I am going to an amusement park with my school friends.
It has been a lot of years since I went to a amusement park for last time.	It has been many years since the last time I went to a amusement park .
It was when I was a child.	It was when I was a child.
I used to go with my parents.	I used to go with my parents.
Well, some people say that everybody have a child inside.	Well, some people say that everyone has a child inside.
No matter the age, while the soul and the heart are young.	No matter the age, the soul and heart are young.
J.	J.
P.	P.
They return the ' Powers Rangers	They return the ' Powers Rangers
It will be next October 17 exactly of them 3:30 of the evening when the season number 17 of the successful American series Power Rangers: Samurai, returns to the Mexican screens across the Channel 5 of It Televisa.!!!	It will be next October 17 exactly of them 3:30 of the evening when the season number 17 of the successful American series Power Rangers: Samurai, returns to the Mexican screens across the Channel 5 of It Televisa.!!!
Voice and body of Michael Jackson, stars of the trial	Voice and body of Michael Jackson, stars of the trial
Start the juice against Conrad Murray, Michael Jackson's personal physician, in the audience is a picture where you see the singer's body on a hospital gurney111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Start the juice against Conrad Murray, Michael Jackson's personal physician, in the audience is a picture where you see the singer's body on a hospital gurney111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MEXICO HAS A PRESENCE IN THE ACADEMY AWARDS (:	MEXICO HAS A PRESENCE IN THE ACADEMY AWARDS (:
Mexico has played an important role at the Oscars.	Mexico has played an important role at the Oscars.
And even though the golden statue is usually in productions of other countries, the national cinema has had constant nominations from the Academy in the Foreign Film category.	And even though the golden statue is usually in productions of other countries, the national cinema has had constant nominations from the Academy in the Foreign Film category.
Miss Bala, directed by Gerardo Naranjo, is the next bet for the Oscar Mexico, and again the chances are high due to good production of this film.	Miss Bala, directed by Gerardo Naranjo, is the next bet for the Oscar Mexico, and again the chances are high due to good production of this film.
Here we present an account of some tapes and directors who have been nominated for the Academy Awards in the category of Best Foreign Language Film.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Here we present an account of some tapes and directors who have been nominated for the Academy Awards in the category of Best Foreign Language Film.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kaka raises !!!	kaka raises !!!
Real Madrid has set (3-0) Ajax Amsterdam in the second day of the group stage of the Champions League.	Real Madrid has set (3-0) Ajax Amsterdam in the second day of the group stage of the Champions League.
The Jose Mourinho, without being brilliant, the picture improved over recent games and recovered the best Kaka.	The Jose Mourinho, without being brilliant, the picture improved over recent games and recovered the best Kaka.
The new facebook! CRAZY WORLD	The new facebook! CRAZY WORLD
At last came the day marked in red for all fans of Facebook.	At last came the day marked in red for all fans of Facebook.
The CEO and founder of social networking, Mark Zuckerberg, appeared in the San Francisco conference called f8 developer a completely revamped version of the profile of users, whose main novelty, and a new design to make it more striking is the inclusion of a section called 'timeline'.	The CEO and founder of social networking, Mark Zuckerberg, appeared in the San Francisco conference called f8 developer a completely revamped version of the profile of users, whose main novelty, and a new design to make it more striking is the inclusion of a section called 'timeline'.
Following word that has become popular Twitter, this 'timeline' in the words of Zuckeberg be "the story of your life" social network, ie a summary of all tastes and user activities.	Following word that has become popular Twitter, this 'timeline' in the words of Zuckeberg be "the story of your life" social network, ie a summary of all tastes and user activities.
"It's a new way to express where you are, what you do, what you are," he said.	"It's a new way to express where you are, what you do, what you are," he said.
The idea of ​​social network users to retrieve any content that has been part of his life on Facebook, regardless of time elapsed since its publication.	The idea of ​​social network users to retrieve any content that has been part of his life on Facebook, regardless of time elapsed since its publication.
A man shot in Madrid kills a pregnant woman and then himself !!!	A man shot in Madrid kills a pregnant woman and then himself !!!
THE tragedy was precipitated in Madrid on Thursday night when a man of 34 years broke into the church of Santa Maria del Pinar, Jasmine Street in Madrid, and shot dead a pregnant woman.	THE tragedy was precipitated in Madrid on Thursday night when a man of 34 years broke into the church of Santa Maria del Pinar, Jasmine Street in Madrid, and shot dead a pregnant woman.
He also wounded another woman before killing himself after being shot in the mouth after kneeling before the altar.	He also wounded another woman before killing himself after being shot in the mouth after kneeling before the altar.
David de Gea Real Madrid goalkeeper thief	David de Gea Real Madrid goalkeeper thief
Despite winning nearly 80,000 euros a week, Porter decided to take a bagel without paying  	Despite winning nearly 80,000 euros a week, Porter decided to take a bagel without paying  
Evict 180 children in kindergarten by fire Guerrero	Evict 180 children in kindergarten by fire Guerrero
A fire in one of the kindergarten classrooms "Amado Nervo", located in the suburban area of ​​Acapulco, forced mobilization of personnel and Fire Civil Protection elements of the port and the evacuation of at least 180 children and 14 educators , no casualties were reported.	A fire in one of the kindergarten classrooms "Amado Nervo", located in the suburban area of ​​Acapulco, forced mobilization of personnel and Fire Civil Protection elements of the port and the evacuation of at least 180 children and 14 educators , no casualties were reported.
Cristiano Ronaldo collects Pichichi, 2011 !!!!	Cristiano Ronaldo collects Pichichi, 2011 !!!!
Although the 2011 season ended a few months ago, has now been when Cristiano Ronaldo was unable to collect the trophy Pichichi, which accredits top scorer of the tournament.	Although the 2011 season ended a few months ago, has now been when Cristiano Ronaldo was unable to collect the trophy Pichichi, which accredits top scorer of the tournament.
Together with his coach, Jose Mourinho, and to the absence of Leo Messi 	Together with his coach, Jose Mourinho, and to the absence of Leo Messi 
Messi's preferred media	Messi's preferred media
The voracity striker Leo Messi has no limits.	The voracity striker Leo Messi has no limits.
The '10 'FC Barcelona has a scoring rate unprecedented since, with only 24, has scored 127 goals in 182 league games.	The '10 'FC Barcelona has a scoring rate unprecedented since, with only 24, has scored 127 goals in 182 league games.
In addition, the domestic tournament, up to seven times has a 'hat trick', the last Saturday in the 'little hand' (5-0) over Atletico Madrid.	In addition, the domestic tournament, up to seven times has a 'hat trick', the last Saturday in the 'little hand' (5-0) over Atletico Madrid.
Find a good title to pick up the ongoing exhibition of the Argentine is not always easy and, therefore, the day after their triplets scorers, Barcelona sports press does not seem to break a headache.	Find a good title to pick up the ongoing exhibition of the Argentine is not always easy and, therefore, the day after their triplets scorers, Barcelona sports press does not seem to break a headache.
And, as has been in charge of collecting the Web 'Van Gaal's book,' the 'Messi, Messi, Messi!	And, as has been in charge of collecting the Web 'Van Gaal's book,' the 'Messi, Messi, Messi!
"On the cover has already become a classic.	"On the cover has already become a classic.
iPhone 4S: Apple disappointed	iPhone 4S: Apple disappointed
Apple stopped cold Tuesday to thousands of enthusiastic fans waiting for a iPhone 5.	On Tuesday Apple shocked thousands of enthusiastic fans waiting for a iPhone 5.
Instead, the company run by Tim Cook introduced the iPhone 4S, an improved version of the current 'smartphone', 4, whose main novelty is 'Siri', a new voice recognition system.	Instead, the company run by Tim Cook introduced the iPhone 4S, an improved version of the current 'smartphone' 4, whose main novelty is 'Siri', a new voice recognition system.
The porn video of Miley Cyrus, false virus propagator !!!!	The porn video of Miley Cyrus, false virus propagator !!!!
Miley Cyrus has had to be quite a shock, after spreading a rumor that a tape on which was having sex might be hanging around the net.	Miley Cyrus has had to be quite a shock, after spreading a rumor that a tape on which was having sex might be hanging around the net.
Fortunately for the young star, the rumor is out on that, a rumor, but no records are missing.	Fortunately for the young star, the rumor is out on that, a rumor, but no records are missing.
Just remember some photos that taught more than they should.	Just remember some photos that taught more than they should.
Prince rescues her father's closet, Michael Jackson	Prince rescues her father's closet, Michael Jackson
|||||Prince, the eldest son of Michael Jackson, seems to have rescued his father's closet.	|||||Prince, the eldest son of Michael Jackson, seems to have rescued his father's closet.
With the same style as his father, the son of the King of Pop went to a charity gala, thus following the footsteps of his father, who was known for his numerous works of charity.	With the same style as his father, the son of the King of Pop went to a charity gala, thus following the footsteps of his father, who was known for his numerous works of charity.
Black jacket, red shirt, tie and the famous American bracelet on numerous occasions was put into Michael Jackson.	Black jacket, red shirt, tie and the famous American bracelet on numerous occasions was put into Michael Jackson.
Prince seems to have gone to the closet of his father and to rescue some of the clothes that characterized his style.	Prince seems to have gone to the closet of his father and to rescue some of the clothes that characterized his style.
With a 'look' like his father, Prince attended a charity gala where he wanted to give for the cause of the manuscript of 'Bad', one of the most popular songs of the king of pop.|||||	With a 'look' like his father, Prince attended a charity gala where he wanted to give for the cause of the manuscript of 'Bad', one of the most popular songs of the king of pop.|||||
The original article is in English and I tried to translate to Spanish.	The original article is in English and I tried to translate to Spanish.
I hope it's correct.	I hope it's correct.
It should be obvius that cetaceans -whales, porpoises and dolphins- are mammals	It should be obvius that cetaceans -whales, porpoises and dolphins- are mammals.
They breathe through lungs, not through gills, and give birth to live young.	They breathe through lungs, not through gills, and give birth to live young.
Their streamlined bodies, the absence of hind legs, and the presence of a fluke and blowhole cannot disguise their affinities with land dwelling mammals.	Their streamlined bodies, the absence of hind legs, and the presence of a fluke and blowhole cannot disguise their affinities with land dwelling mammals.
However, unlike the cases of sea otters and pinnipeds (seals, sea lions and walruses, whose limbs are functional both on land and at sea), it is not easy to envision what the first whales looked like.	However, unlike the cases of sea otters and pinnipeds (seals, sea lions and walruses, whose limbs are functional both on land and at sea), it is not easy to envision what the first whales looked like.
Extinct but already fully marine cetaceans are known from the fossil record.	Extinct but already fully marine cetaceans are known from fossil records. 
How was the gap between a walking mammal and swimming whale brigged?	How was the gap between a walking mammal and swimming whale bridged?
Missing until recently were fossils clearly intermediate, or transitional, between land mammals and cetaceans.	Missing until recently were fossils clearly intermediate, or transitional, between land mammals and cetaceans.
Hasta hace poco faltaban los fósiles intermedios y de transición entre los mamíferos terrestres y los cetaceos.	Hasta hace poco faltaban los fósiles intermedios y de transición entre los mamíferos terrestres y los cetaceos.
Very excinting discoveries have finally allowed scientist to reconstruct the most likely origins of cetaceans.	Very excinting discoveries have finally allowed scientist to reconstruct the most likely origins of cetaceans.
Importantes descubrimientos recientes han permitido a los científicos reconstruir el origen más probable de los cetáceos.	Importantes descubrimientos recientes han permitido a los científicos reconstruir el origen más probable de los cetáceos.
In 1979, a team looking for fossils in northern Pakistan found what proved to be the oldest fossil whale.	In 1979, a team looking for fossils in northern Pakistan found what proved to be the oldest fossil whale.
En 1970, un equipo de busqueda de fósiles en el norte de Pakistan se encuentran con lo que resultó ser el fósil más antiguo de ballena.	En 1970, un equipo de busqueda de fósiles en el norte de Pakistan se encuentran con lo que resultó ser el fósil más antiguo de ballena.
The fossil was officially named Pakicetus in honor of the country where the 	The fossil was officially named Pakicetus in honor of the country where the 
discovery was made.	discovery was made.
El fósil fue llamado oficialmente "Pakicetus" en honor al país donde se realizó el descubrimiento.	El fósil fue llamado oficialmente "Pakicetus" en honor al país donde se realizó el descubrimiento.
Pakicetus was found embedded in rocks formed form river deposits that were 52 million years old.	Pakicetus was found embedded in rocks formed form river deposits that were 52 million years old.
Pakicetus fue hallado incrustado en las rocas formadas a partir de depósitos fluviales con una antigüedad de 52 millones de años.	Pakicetus fue hallado incrustado en las rocas formadas a partir de depósitos fluviales con una antigüedad de 52 millones de años.
The river that formed these deposits was actually not far from an ancient ocean know as the Tethys Sea.	The river that formed these deposits was actually not far from an ancient ocean know as the Tethys Sea.
El río que formarón estos depósitos en realidad no estaba muy lejos de un antiguo océano conocido como el Mar de Tethys.	El río que formarón estos depósitos en realidad no estaba muy lejos de un antiguo océano conocido como el Mar de Tethys.
I´m ready to change my habits	I´m ready to change my habits
Back at highschool I was clearly busy by the extra activities i´ve decided to do; drawing classes, literature foundation, chorus, even reading books and writing.	During high school I was clearly busy with all the extra activities I decided to do; drawing classes, literature foundation, chorus, even reading books and writing.
Now at days I pass lots of hours in the pc doing nothing, by nothing I mean, chatting, looking for rare videos on youtube,downloading music, stupidities I do consider waste of time.	Nowadays I spend lots of hours on the computer doing nothing. By nothing I mean, chatting, looking for strange videos on youtube, downloading music, and other stupid things I consider a waste of time.
Now, my behavior and habits had change.	Now, my behavior and habits have changed.
Im more like a sedentary person with no plans and limited social treatment.	I'm more like a sedentary person with no plans and limited social interaction.
I really hope this project of mine, learning italian and helping myself with this english, take me back to the productive girl I was.	I really hope that this project of mine, learning Italian and helping myself with English, will take me back to the productive girl I used to be.
Thanks for read me and for sure correct me :D	Thanks for reading and definitely correct me :D
This one is a translation of a story I´m about to write.	This one is a translation of a story I´m about to write.
He was in fornt of the door with a bunch of yellow and white flowers.	He was in front of the door with a bunch of yellow and white flowers.
Long time ago he didn´t drink.	Long time ago he didn´t drink.
Felt as if he had hit.	Felt as if he had hit.
There was a Sergio Mendez´s songs in background, by invoking the spirits of gabble and joy .	There was a Sergio Mendez´s song in background, by invoking the spirits of gabble and joy .
The sweat on his hands had produced some humidity between the branches.	The sweat on his hands had produced some humidity between the branches.
Aspirated with paused calm, closed the irritated eyes, timidly wet his lips and exhaled.	Aspirated with paused calm, closed the irritated eyes, timidly wet his lips and exhaled.
He free the left hand from the bundle and shaked it, dried it with the pants and then pressed the botton.	He free the left hand from the bundle and shaked it, dried it with the pants and then pressed the botton.
Brough out his chest, relaxed the neck, then looked for his own reflection from the lightly useful door viewer, he affirm was himself.	Brough out his chest, relaxed the neck, then looked for his own reflection from the lightly useful door viewer, he affirm was himself.
Heard some carefree slippers steps.	Heard some carefree slippers steps.
Inmediatly recognize was Cecilia.	Inmediatly recognize was Cecilia.
The door opened without the the logical procedure of author´s attention.	The door opened without the the logical procedure of author´s attention.
He instantly paled, she was more beautiful than ever.	He instantly paled, she was more beautiful than ever.
He rustled the throat.	He rustled the throat.
She, with her curkym shinny and short hair also was sweated.	She, with her curly, shinny and short hair also was sweated.
The blouse she was wearing was made with a very ligh fabric allowing some transparency.	The blouse she was wearing was made with a very ligh fabric , allowing some transparency.
He hated her black bra.	He hated her black bra.
-You?	-You?
Cecilia exhaled to automate the change of plane that was exposed.	Cecilia exhaled to automate the change of plane that was exposed.
He, intimidated by his interlocutor, winked 4 times in a row comsumed by and agonizing discomfort.	He, intimidated by his interlocutor, winked 4 times in a row consumed by an agonizing discomfort.
A reflection forced him to take the flower to her face, she small, voluble and asmathic.	An involuntary movement forced him to take the flower to her face, she; small, voluble and asmathic.
Se leaned back, creased her nose and turned the head to the lower edge of the door swing.	She leaned back, creased her nose and turned the head to the lower edge of the door swing.
Stepped back.	Stepped back.
Took the hands to the hip.	Took the hands to the hip.
Then, the exhalation was headed to relaxation.	Then, the exhalation was headed to relaxation.
-And now who is sending the flowers?	-And now who is sending the flowers?
This story can ends here, but I´d like you to correct and give me some comment on the story :) Thanks!!!	This story can ends here, but I´d like you to correct  it and give me some comment on the story :) Thanks!!!
Work	Work
Hello, I'm studying English, and I need you please help me correct this work, thanks.	Hello, I'm studying English, and I need you to please help me correct this work, thanks.
Last summer, went on holiday to Pichilemu, my grandparents live there one day a big fire was two blocks from my house, all the neighbors ran quickly to see 	Last summer, I went on holiday to Pichilemu where my grandparents live. there oOne day there was a big fire two blocks from my house,. All the neighbors ran quickly to see 
what happened, we encounter the surprise that the house was burning my grandmother and my grandfather had not reached out, immediately, my mom called the fire department:	what happenedWe realized that the house was burning.My grandmother and my grandfather had not immediately called for help, so my mom called the fire department:
• Hi	• Hi
• Hello How I can help?	• Hello, H how I can help?
• Mom's house is on fire, and my dad is trapped.	• My mom's house is on fire, and my dad is trapped.
• Lord, please stay calm, tell me the address.	• p Please stay calm, tell me the address.
• 253 Fleming Street is, please arrive as soon as possible.	• 253 Fleming Street, please arrive as soon as possible.
• We are going there.	• We are going there. We are on our way.
Almost half an hour, it takes firefighters to arrive, my grandfather was unhurt, but the house burned to the ground, my grandfather is completely sad, because he had to come live with us to James, and do not like the climate of the city, my Granny also be sad though, is fascinated in Santiago and that she never would have gone to live in regions.	It takes the firefighters almost half an hour to arrive,. mMy grandfather was unhurt uninjured, but the house burned to the ground. My grandfather is completely very sad, because he had to come live with us in James, and does not like the climate of the city Even though my Granny is also sad , she is fascinated in by Santiago and said that she never would have gone to live in other regions.
My grandfather has returned to work, fixing cars, because it wants to go home as soon as possible, as well as living there since he married my grandmother, does not support the city and it makes it bad for your health.	My grandfather has returned to work, fixing cars, because he wants to go home as soon as possible living because they have lived there since he married my grandmother, and does not support our city and it says it is bad for your health.
I'm new here	I'm new here
Hi!.	Hi!. Remove the '.', only one punctuation mark is necessary at the end of a sentence. Although there are exceptions to internet writing when you can have any number of !!! or ??? to express excitement or bewilderment.
I'm new here.	I'm new here.
Nice to meet you.	Nice to meet you.
I'm studying English at school.	I'm studying English at school.
I hope you can help me to improve my English.	I hope you can help me to improve my English.
Thank you.	Thank you.
Hi~!	Hi~!
Hello!	Hello!
my name is angel!	my name is angel!
nice to meet you all!	nice to meet you all!
well!	Well,
I'm a young man that lives in Venezuela!	I'm a young man that lives in Venezuela!
I like a lot to learn!	I really like to learn!
i hope not all just be too embarrassed!	i hope not all just be too embarrassed!
I have learned English and pronunciation by watching tv, movies and online videogames!	I have learned English and pronunciation by watching tv, movies and online videogames!
I have lost some practice since I moved to linux, because there aren't too many online games like just to be able to train enough.	I have lost some practice since I moved to linux, because there aren't too many online games to be able to train enough.
But here is me again!	But here I am again!
Trying to take the good way of practicing and skillful.	Trying to take the good way of practicing and being skillful.
thanks a lot for the help!	thanks a lot for the help!
and some of your patience =)	and for your patience =)
How  Trials Affects Our Lives.	How  Trials Affects Our Lives.
All the problems or situations we had to face through life have influenced our way of thinking and seeing the world.	All the problems or situations we had to face through life have influenced our way of thinking and seeing the world.
They define who we are now and probably who we will get to be.	They define who we are now and probably who we will get to be.
I am very sure that I would not be the same person if I would not have dealt with the problems and experiences I have had.	I am very sure that I would not be the same person if I would not have dealt with the problems and experiences I have had.
for example, I had many pets during my life, and that is why I love animals, but I could have been hurt by an animal and that could have changed my opinion about them.	for example, I had many pets during my life, and that is why I love animals, but I could have been hurt by an animal and that could have changed my opinion about them.
My way of thinking is directly related with the expirences in my life.	My way of thinking is directly related with the expirences in my life.
I have learned from them and that is why I respond in a specific way to situations that come up.	I have learned from them and that is why I respond in a specific way to situations that come up.
For instance, if I feel angry about something, I try to calm down before I break something, because I know it would make things get worse.	For instance, if I feel angry about something, I try to calm down before I break something, because I know it would make things get worse.
That is what makes people's personalities so different one from another.	That is what makes people's personalities so different one from another.
If everyone would have had the exact same problems and experiences in their lives, we would all think and act the same.	If everyone would have had the exact same problems and experiences in their lives, we would all think and act the same.
changing my plans	changing my plans
today i see the japanese curses levels, and i see the real time that takeme learn very well the idiom, it takes me six years, maybe im exagerating hahahaha it could be three or four, im not sure, but i will find the way to finish the study in japan.	Today I saw the japanese course levels, and I saw the real time that it would take me to learn the language very well.It will take me six years.Maybe I'mexagerating hahahaha it could be three or four, im not sure, but i will find a way to finish my studies in japan.
today i see the japanese curses levels, and i see the real time that takeme learn very well the idiom, it takes me six years, maybe im exagerating hahahaha it could be three or four, im not sure, but i will find the way to finish the study in japan.	Today I will see the Japanese course levels, and I will also find out how long it takes to master their idioms. It may take me six years...well, maybe I'm exaggerating. Hahahaha. It could be three or four, I'm not sure, but I will find a way to finish my studies in Japan.
so maybe i cant move to japap in two years =(...	So maybe i cant move to Japan in two years =(...
so maybe i cant move to japap in two years =(...	I guess I won't be able to move to Japan in two years after all. =(...
furthermore i need a engineering title, and get helping to study in japan by  four years,at the finish maybe ill return mexico, and if i get a girlfriend too, ill take her with me or ill stay with her in japan.	Furthermore i need an engineering certification, and to get helpstudying in japan for four years. At the finish maybe i'll return to mexico, and if i get a girlfriend too, i'll take her with me or i'll stay with her in japan.
furthermore i need a engineering title, and get helping to study in japan by  four years,at the finish maybe ill return mexico, and if i get a girlfriend too, ill take her with me or ill stay with her in japan.	Furthermore, I need an engineering title, so I will need tutoring if I hope to study in Japan in four years. Once I've received my degree, maybe I'll return Mexico. If I get a Japanese girlfriend , then maybe I'll take her with me or else I'll stay with her in Japan.
well thats my plan now.	Well that's my plan now.
well thats my plan now.	Well, that's my plan for now.
study a post grade in japan, but if i cant do it, i will just live there for a long time	Study post grad in japan, but if i can't do it, i will just live there for a long time
study a post grade in japan, but if i cant do it, i will just live there for a long time	Hopefully I can study a post grade in Japan, but if I can't do it, I will just live there for a long time.
profile	profile
idon`t know why nobody wants come to Puebla-mexico, why go to spain?, why not mexico?	idon`t know why nobody wants come to Puebla-mexico, why go to spain?, why not mexico?
here there is piramids!!,waaa im disapointed i will eat a cake..	here there is piramids!!,waaa im disapointed i will eat a cake..
im a electronic's student, and im studing japanese french and english, i will wait you be my friend, and comoe to Puebla-Mexico, there is chilaquiles, and parties, and amusement parks, n.	im a electronic's student, and im studing japanese french and english, i will wait you be my friend, and comoe to Puebla-Mexico, there is chilaquiles, and parties, and amusement parks, n.
n	n
porfavor corrijan lo que escribi si?, por favor porfavor	porfavor corrijan lo que escribi si?, por favor porfavor
no olviden visitar mexico n.	no olviden visitar mexico n.
n	n
crossing the sea	crossing the sea
i see you in my dream	i see you in my dream
but i dont know how are you...	but i don't know who you are...
when i wake up i will make it true	when i wake i will make it true
i just want to meet you	i just want to meet you
i will travel to there	i will travel there
to only looking for you	to look for you
doesnt matter i dont know you	it doesn't matter that i don't know you
i will find you	i will find you
i will cross the sea to make it true	i will cross the sea to make it true
and nobody can stop me	and nobody can stop me
i will cross the sea by you	i will cross the sea for you
and doesnt matter what happens	and it won't matter what happens next
today, please fix it u.u	today, please fix it u.u
my friend had to much money, and he had it on his sweater, i see a billet corner and pull it out!, (><) my friend was talking so he doesnt know in the moment	My friend had too much money. He had it in his sweater. I saw the corner of a bill and I pulled it out! (><) My friend was talking so he didn't know I had done it.
i bent(doblé) the billet, i stretched, i play with it!.	I folded the bill, I stretched and played with it.
my another friends begin to laugh	Another of my friends began to laugh.
and he comes he sight to me, and  i see him, i tell: you are imposible do you know it?	and he comes he sight to me, and  i see him, I told him, "You are impossible, do you know that?"
and he comes he sight to me, and  i see him, i tell: you are imposible do you know it?	When my friend turned to look at me, I told him, "You are impossible, do you know that? Who would think to carry money like that?"
the person in front said: isaac bent it, he streatch it, he play with it and you.....	The person in front of me said Isaac folded it, he stretched it, he played with it and you.....
that was the story of today	That's today's story.
moraleja:  save the money where isaac cant reach it n.	The moral of the story: Keep your money where Isaac can't reach it.
n.	n.
of course that i had to back him im not a thief (><)	Of course, I gave it back to him. I'm not a thief. (><)
dont forget see the video in my plubication for spanish students	Don't forget to watch the video for Spanish students that I posted.
sin ti!! without you	sin ti!! without you
si ti by carlos vives	si ti by carlos vives
from isaac to that beautiful peaple that are learning spanish	from isaac to that beautiful peaple that are learning spanish
an extra point, today i have listened that japanese airline in mexico, has "quebrado" so with your permission i will express my frustration,	an extra point, today i have listened that japanese airline in mexico, has "quebrado" so with your permission i will express my frustration,
filec	filec
ilec!, is a book exhibition, it have books of many autors, concerts, and many activities, i wil post photos in facebook, so see you later, i ask mysef if Japan will come some day, the past year was france....	ilec!, is a book exhibition, it have books of many autors, concerts, and many activities, i wil post photos in facebook, so see you later, i ask mysef if Japan will come some day, the past year was france....
trip	Trip
i went to the popocatepetl yesterday!!!!!!!	I went to Popocatepetl yesterday!!!!!!!
the popocatepetel is a volcan!!	Popocatepetel is a volcano
in mexico	in Mexico.
i have photos and videos!	I have photos and videos!
my friends an me climb the volcan, we saw the crater, we fell from the bycicles, we drunk river's water,	My friends and I climbed the volcano, we saw the crater, we fell from our bicycles, we drank the river water,
we did boxing,  we saw and explorer!!!	we boxed, we saw and explored!!!
he had six days on the montain, he just have a sleeping, a knife, and a cane, i said have coz he still on the volcan (><)	He was on the mountain six days. He just had a sleeping bag, a knife, and a cane. I said have coz. He's still on the volcano.
chiles en nogada, is a traditional food from my hometown, this cook is internationally considered like one of the most fine and representative of Mexican food =P.	chiles en nogada, is a traditional food from my hometown, this cook is internationally considered like one of the most fine and representative of Mexican food =P.
this cook was created by the Santa Monica's nuns like a tribute  to Agustin de Iturbide after to firm the mexico's independence in Cordoba-Veracruz	this cook was created by the Santa Monica's nuns like a tribute  to Agustin de Iturbide after to firm the mexico's independence in Cordoba-Veracruz
this cook consist basically in Chile poblano totally fulled with a stew of meat of cattle and pig mixed with fruit (banana, apple, pear, peach)=P.	this cook consist basically in Chile poblano totally fulled with a stew of meat of cattle and pig mixed with fruit (banana, apple, pear, peach)=P.
according to the tradition , the place where Agustin de Iturbide ate, was decored with the three representative colors of the Mexico's flag.	according to the tradition , the place where Agustin de Iturbide ate, was decored with the three representative colors of the Mexico's flag.
wite (religion)	wite (religion)
green(independence)	green(independence)
red (join)	red (join)
The nuns of Puebla infected with the spirit and native fervor, they decided to cook something that had the three flag's colors, then they mixed the tastes: salad and sweet with more of 20 ingredients!!!!!!!	The nuns of Puebla infected with the spirit and native fervor, they decided to cook something that had the three flag's colors, then they mixed the tastes: salad and sweet with more of 20 ingredients!!!!!!!
but actually this cook must be cooked with more of 50 ingredients!!!!!!	but actually this cook must be cooked with more of 50 ingredients!!!!!!
something else, Puebla's cook, will become a humanity patrimony =P!!!	something else, Puebla's cook, will become a humanity patrimony =P!!!
if came to Mexico, and you went to the beach, you  danced, you taked photos, but you  wasn't on Puebla and you didn't eat a Chile en nogada, ill tell you something, you wasted your time and  espend your money for nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	if came to Mexico, and you went to the beach, you  danced, you taked photos, but you  wasn't on Puebla and you didn't eat a Chile en nogada, ill tell you something, you wasted your time and  espend your money for nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
choose?	choose?
this is a infantile song, the composer was francisco gabilondo soler,	this is a infantile song, the composer was francisco gabilondo soler,
a mexican man, he use all his life making infantile songs 	a mexican man, he use all his life making infantile songs 
sunny day	sunny day
3 eggs	3 eggs
1 tomato	1 tomato
1 green Chile jalapeño	1 green jalapeño
Oil to fry	Oil for frying
¼ onion	¼ onion, diced
In order to begin we warmed up the oil in a "frying pan", and once this one is hot we add the onion cut in little cubes and wait to the onion is gilded.	Heat the oil in a frying pan. Saute the onion until golden brown.
Soon we wash and we pricked the tomato and chili peppers, and then we throw to the frying pan.	Prick the tomato and jalapeño, then add to the frying pan.I think you can assume a good cook would wash her veggies before using. That's not usually in a recipe.
Aside we beat eggs with  a little of milk and we add salt to him to pleasure.	Meanwhile, beat the eggs with a little milk and add salt to taste.
We overturn in the frying pan and mix up very well.	Add eggs to the frying pan and mix well.
let it cook and mix it from time to time to avoid that they stick on frying pan	Let mixture cook, stirring occasionally to avoid sticking.
Hi!! help	Hi!! help
Barça news	Barça news
Hi from Barcelona!	Hi from Barcelona!
Barça played spanish league match versus Atletico de Madrid.	Barça played a Spanish league match versus Atletico de Madrid.
The match has been attractive and intense but in 85 minut Ufalusi injured Messi	The match was attractive and intense, but within 85 minutes, Ufalusi injured Messi.
The foult has been criminal!!	The foul was horrible!!
Oh my good!!	Oh my God!!
Atletico played hit Messi very strong but I don't worry because he will play champions match.	The Atletico player hit Messi very hard, but I don't worry, because he will play in the Champions' match.
Well, the match finished 1-2 with goals the Messi and Pique.	Well, the match finished with score 1-2 with goals by Messi and Pique.
Grat player "Piquembagüer", he is one of my favorites.	Great player "Piquembagüer", he is one of my favorites.
In conclusion: Barça winned because it's great team.	In conclusion: Barça won because it's a great team.
See you!	See you!
Barça is my team	Barça is my team
Hi people,	Hi people,
I seeing Barça now.	I watching Barça right now.
The champions league is beautiful!	The champions league is beautiful!
Messi (2) and Villa (1) are golplayer!	Messi (2) and Villa (1) ! have scored goals.
45' still missing.	. There are 45 minutes remaining in the match.
I'm very emotion but It's probabily that Barça will win the mach because Barça is a big team.	I'm very anxious but it's probably that Barça will win the mach because Barça is a great team.
Also Pep Guardiola is big coach!	Also Pep Guardiola is great coach!
Most people like see nice football.	Most people like see nice football.
I recommend watching the second half!	I recommend watching the second half!
See you	See you
Hi people	Hi people
Hi people, I'm Raul and i need speak english because is very important for my work.	Hi people, I'm Raul and I need to speak English because is very important for my work.
Hi people, I'm Raul and i need speak english because is very important for my work.	Hi people, I'm Raul and I need to speak English because it is very important for my work.
I know quite vocabulary but i think that write english with spanish structure.	I know quite a lot of vocabulary but I think that I write English with a Spanish structure.
I know quite vocabulary but i think that write english with spanish structure.	I know quite a lot of vocabulary but I think that I write English with Spanish structure.
You can see my text...	You can see my text...
So, i'm new at this...	So, I'm new at this...
So, i'm new at this...	So, I'm new at this...
I don't know...	I don't know...
someone reads me??	someone reads me??
someone reads me??	someone help me??
Thanks!	Thanks!
Hi guys!	Hi guys!
how are you?	how are you?
I'm 19 years old and I'm from Mexico city	I'm 19 years old and I'm from Mexico city.
I'm 19 years old and I'm from Mexico city	I'm 19 years old and I'm from Mexico
I have studied English for a year, but I don't know much even.	I have studied English for a year, but I don't know too much .
I have studied English for a year, but I don't know much even.	I have studied English for a year, but I don't know much
I'm new in lang-8, my English teacher recommendet it me.	I'm new to lang-8. My English teacher recommendet it me.
I'm new in lang-8, my English teacher recommendet it me.	I'm new to lang-8; my English teacher recommende it me.
I hope help me when I leave a hard homework!	I hope you can help me when I leave hard homework!
I hope help me when I leave a hard homework!	I hope you can help me when I leave a hard homework!
and I would like to make friends aroun to the wold, that be fun!	I would also like to make friends around the wold. That would be fun!
and I would like to make friends aroun to the wold, that be fun!	and I would like to make friends from around the world. That would be fun!
Coyolxauhqui	Coyolxauhqui
I don't know if I can explain better, but I'm going to do!	I don't know if I can explain it, but I'm going to try anyway.
ji	ji
Maybe you didn't understand, because it is a Aztec myth (the myths sometimes are very confusing) jaja Are you agree with me?	Maybe you won't understand, because it is an Aztec myth (the myths are sometimes very confusing) jaja Do you agree with me? 
Coyolxauhqui in Nahuatl means "face painted with bells"	Coyolxauhqui in Nahuatl means "face painted with bells"
The monolith represents a dismembered woman.	The monolith represents a dismembered woman.
According to myth, when she knew that her mother was pregnant by an unknown father, she was ungry and called his four hundred brothers and sisters, she wanted kill his mother (her name is Coatlicue), in this moment born Huitzilopochtli (God of the war) he born armed warrior!	According to myth, when she knew that her mother was pregnant by an unknown father, she was angry and called his four hundred brothers and sisters. She wanted to kill his mother (her name is Coatlicue), in this moment Huitzilopochtli (God of the war) was born; he was born armed like a warrior!
He fought vs his sister Coyolxauhqui and his other brothers and sisters.	He fought against his sister Coyolxauhqui and his other brothers and sisters.
Huitzilopochtli beheaded his sister and he threw down mountain, then her body was dismembered.	Huitzilopochtli beheaded his sister and he threw it down the mountain, then her body was dismembered.
She became the moon!	She became the moon!
and the other brothers were turned in the stars.	and the other brothers were turned into the stars.
This sculpture was found in the town of Mexico city in February 1978.	This sculpture was found in the town of Mexico city in February 1978.
Oh!!	Oh!!
I think I worked hard jaja, I find some words that I still didn't know!	I think I worked hard jaja, I found some words that I still didn't know!
I hope you've better understood the above, with this I also learned a little more English!	I hope you understood the writing above, writing this I also learned a little more English!
Postcard	Postcard
Happy birthday.	Happy birthday.
The weather is wonderful.	The weather is wonderful.
Today is sunny and hot.	Today is sunny and hot.
Go shopping tomorrow to cook the tamales the day of the Candelaria.	Go shopping tomorrow to cook the tamales the day of the Candelaria.
Walk in the park which is near the house.	Walk in the park which is near the house.
Hope to see you soon and be able to give a birthday gift.	Hope to see you soon and be able to give a birthday gift.
Greetings to all the family.	Greetings to all the family.
The letter	The letter
Dear Sophie	Dear Sophie,
I hope and you are well.	I hope you are well.
I write to you to know that these summer vacation spend two weeks on the beach.	I write to tell you that, for this summer vacation, I will spend two weeks on the beach.
I will the go to visit my grandparents in the field a few days.	I will then go to visit my grandparents in the field for a few days.
´ll be back in time for graduation my nephews.	I'll be back in time for my nephews' graduation.
I promise to bring many gifts and photographs places to visit.	I promise to bring many gifts and photographs of the places I visit.
I send you many hugs	I send you many hugs.
Greetings	"Greetings" would more likely go at the beginning of a letter. Some good ways to end a letter are "Sincerely," "Your Friend," and "Love." You would choose one of these, put a comma after it, and sign your name below it.
tired =P	tired =P
is sunday!!	it sunday!!
is sunday!!	It's Sunday,
and i'm already so tired!!!	Iam so tired already.
and i'm already so tired!!!	and I'm already so tired!!!
i don't wanna study anymore =(	I don't wanna study anymore =(
i don't wanna study anymore =(	I don't want to study anymore =(
neither go to school tomorrow =(	or go to school tomorrow either. =(
i've done already my homework, but i think it's not well done	I've done my homework already, but I think it's not well done
i've done already my homework, but i think it's not well done	I've done already my homework, but I think it's not very well done.
also, my parents come back from a short trip to the...	Also, my parents came back from a short trip to ...
Limache valley?	Limache Valley?
(i can't remember the word for a place that has a lot of cows, birds and vegetabls growing...	(I can't remember the word for a place that has a lot of cows, birds and vegetables growing...
bigger than a farm or a grange.) and they brought a lot of cucumbers!!!	bigger than a farm or garage.) and they brought alot of cucumbers!!!
bigger than a farm or a grange.) and they brought a lot of cucumbers!!!	bigger than a farm or a grange.) They brought back a lot of cucumbers!!!
(in spanish, pepinos)	(In Spanish, pepinos)
now i remember...	Now I remember...
i read somewhere that kappas (japanese mithology), love cucumbers....	I read somewhere that kappas (Japanese mythology), love cucumbers....
also my boyfriend's turtle eat cucumbers...	also my boyfriend's turtle eats cucumbers.
actually is very nice to see a bunch of dark green cucumbers in a big blue bowl...	It actually is very nice to see a bunch of dark green cucumbers in a big blue bowl.
i hope we have enough lemons for them *¬*	I hope we have enough lemons for them *¬*
thank you for don't correct first capital...	thank you don't correct first capital...
thank you for don't correct first capital...	Thank you for not correcting the first capital,
and...	and,
i'm sorry if this bothered you, but usually i do/say/write/sing/thig/etc weird things when i'm sleepy like now =.= if you smiled by this i'll be happy...	i'm sorry if this bothered you, but usually I do/say/write/sing/things/etc weird things when i'm sleepy like now =.= if you smiled by this i'll be happy...
i'm sorry if this bothered you, but usually i do/say/write/sing/thig/etc weird things when i'm sleepy like now =.= if you smiled by this i'll be happy...	I'm sorry if this bothered you, but usually I do/say/write/sing/think/etc weird things when I'm sleepy, like right now. =.= If you smiled by this I'll be happy.
and if anyone could answer me this question, i'll be happy too: in english, pronouns like, i, you we, etc, must to be wrote with capital?	and if anyone could answer me this question, i'll be happy too: in english, pronouns like, i, you we, etc, must  be wrote with capital?
and if anyone could answer me this question, i'll be happy too: in english, pronouns like, i, you we, etc, must to be wrote with capital?	If anyone could answer me this question, I'll be happy too; in English, do pronouns like I, you, we, etc, must be written with a capital?
We, You, She, like in spanish??	We, You, She, like in Spanish??
thank you, bye bye ^^	Thank you, bye bye ^^
I just made a lemon pie! =9	I just made a lemon pie! =9
This afternoon I made a lemon pie, actually I made two.	This afternoon I made a lemon pie, actually I made two.
And this is the recipe that I use every time I make a delicious one.	And this is the recipe that I use every time I make a delicious one.
First, put in a bowl 100gr.	First, put in a bowl 100gr.
of shortening (I prefeer diet margarine, because is softer), a cup of flour (without baker powder) and one egg.	of shortening (I prefeer diet margarine, because is softer), a cup of flour (without baker powder) and one egg.
Then, mix all that until obtain an homogeneous pastry.	Then, mix all that until obtain an homogeneous pastry.
Put the pastry in a bowl that can take the heat an put to bake until it gets like a cookie.	Put the pastry in a bowl that can take the heat an put to bake until it gets like a cookie.
While the pastry is baking, prepare the filling; is a can of condensed milk (milk with less water and a lot of sugar) and the juice of one or two lemons mixed together.	While the pastry is baking, prepare the filling; in a can of condensed milk (milk with less water and a lot of sugar) and the juice of one or two lemons mixed together.
Also prepare the meringue, that sweet and white thing snow-like made of egg white =P	Also prepare the meringue, that sweet and white thing snow-like made of egg white =P
When the pastry y ready, put the filling in it and on top of that the meringue.	When the pastry is ready, put the filling in it and on top of that the meringue.
If you want and have the patience for decorate, do it!	If you have the patience to decorate it do it!
I don't like very much decorating pyes.	I don't like decorating pies very much.
Then put the pie again in the oven to bake the meringue...	Then put the pie again in the oven to bake the meringue...
and it's done =)	and it's done =)
That's how I make an easy lemon pie.	That's how I make an easy lemon pie.
Is easier than write down the recipe XD	It easier to write down then the recipe XD
Thank you for correcting me!!	Thank you for correcting me!!
bye bye =)	bye bye =)
What is your secret ambition and why?	What is your secret ambition and why?
Near to the clouds	Near the clouds
Last week I was watching a survey on a BBC TV program that was being broadasted while I was about to eat.	Last week I was watching a survey on a BBC TV program that was being broadcast while I was about to eat.
Suddenly the results showed something I didn't expected: only one in 10000 people achieved their lofe-long wishes.	Suddenly the results showed something I didn't expect: only one in 10000 people had achieved their life-long goals.
I this way, I began to think that perhaps I may be that very one.	I began to think that perhaps I may be that one person.
One of my main, secret ambitions is to become an internationally known painter.	One of my main, secret ambitions is to become an internationally known painter.
Ever since I was a tiny little kid, my mother would tell me that I had "a divine gift".	Ever since I was a little kid, my mother has told me that I have "a divine gift".
My pieces of work were admired among my teachers and were the cause of envy to many of my classmates and other collegues.	My pieces of work were admired by my teachers and were the cause of envy of many of my classmates and other colleagues.
There was even a time when one of the most respected professors I had, Mr Smith, commented that my work, "ressembled that of the geniuses of the renaissance period".	There was even a time when one of the most respected professors I had, Mr Smith, commented that my work, "resembled that of the geniuses of the Renaissance period".
I've never been keen on showing off because of all this flattering, instead, I started to find more alternative ways.	I've never been keen on showing off because of all this flattering-- instead, I started to find more alternative ways.
That's why I joined a group of alternative artist in my city and since then, I have been working on utterly different projects which range from traditional painting with a small brush to extream air body painting or crazier stuff.	That's why I joined a group of alternative artists in my city and since then, I have been working on utterly different projects which range from traditional painting with a small brush to extreme air body painting or even crazier stuff.
However, I still continue with my formal studies.	However, I still continue with my formal studies.
I recently enrolled in a course in my university.	I recently enrolled in a course in my university.
The teachers  still tell me that my creations are absolutely good, but they advice me to get some funds and exhibit my work in order to attract a wider public.	The teachers still tell me that my creations are very good, but they advise me to get some funds and exhibit my work in order to attract a wider public.
This is my bigger impediment to fulfil my dreams.	This is my biggest impediment to fulfilling my dreams.
Finally, as a manner of conclusion, I would say that there are a lot people out there who would like that somebody would give them a hand to continue with their hopes.	Finally, I will say that there are a lot of people out there who would like for somebody to give them a hand to continue with their hopes.
Well, I'm almost there, I just need a small one.	Well, I'm almost there, I just need a small one.
Writers Required - Letter of application	Writers Required - Letter of application
Dear Sir / Madam	Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing in response to the request for writers, which appears in last month's edition of "The Times"	I am writing in response to the request for writers, which appears in last month's edition of "The Times"
I am an amateur painter and I am also studying to become a reporter at my university in Mexico.	I am an amateur painter and I am also studying to become a reporter at my university in Mexico.
Since my childhood, I have had a big interest in all kind of cultural manifestations and have been involved in the art scene of my town.	Since my childhood, I have been interested in all kinds of cultural manifestations and have been involved in the art scene of my town.  how have you been involved?  To what extent and in what capacity?
Moreover, I won a journalism price, for which I have been invited to participate in reportage projects overseas.	Moreover, I won a journalism prize, for which I have been invited to participate in reportage projects overseas.
The first person I would like to write about is José María Velasco.	The first person I would like to write about is the painter, José María Velasco.
He gained his fame through his majestic landscapes.	He gained his fame through his majestic landscapes.
For example, he depicted beatifully many of the sights that Mexico hides.	For example, he depicted beatifully many of the sights that Mexico hides.
No matter if it was a little village or a high-peaked mountain, he always achieved to show the most catching views.	No matter if it was a little village or a high-peaked mountain, he always achieved to show the most catching views. "catching" isn't the word you want here: "arresting" or "spectacular" perhaps?
The second artist I would like to present is Luis Nishizawa.	The second artist I would like to present is Luis Nishizawa.
Due to the fact of being half Mexican and half Japanese, his work is a mixture of influences of both sides of the world.	Since he was half Mexican and half Japanese, his work is a mixture of influences from both sides of the world.
He focused on detailed portraits and other conventional paintings, such as paints of fruit or his family's pets.	He focused on detailed portraits and other conventional paintings, such as still lifes or portraits of his family's pets.
However his style is unique, but it is a pity that only a few know of their existence.	However his style is unique, and it is a pity that his work is not better known.
I am convinced that these artists deserve a wider public to admire their pieces of work.	I am convinced that these artists deserve a wider public, and...
Being acquainted with their biographies, I am sure that I can write accurately about them in the pages of your newspaper	one sentence:  ...since I am  acquainted with their biographies, I am sure that I can write accurately about them in the pages of your newspaper
I look forward from hearing from you.	I look forward from hearing from you.
Your faithfully	Sincerely yours, 
Carlos Pérez	Carlos Pérez
Living	Living
I live in an warm and cosy apartment ideally situated in the centre of the city	I live in an warm and cosy apartment ideally situated in the center of the city.
I live in an warm and cosy apartment ideally situated in the centre of the city	I live in a warm and cozy apartment ideally situated in the centre of the city.
In this way, I do not have to worry about having to travel long distances as everything can be easily reached.	this way, I do not have to worry about traveling long distances as everything can be easily reached.
Moreover, I do not have to take annoying means of transport and can enjoy of good views while I am walking.	Moreover, I do not have to take annoying means of transportation and can enjoy great views while I walk.
There are three rooms in the lift.	There are three rooms in the apartment.
There are three rooms in the lift.	There are three rooms in the lift. What do you mean by "lift"? In England, it means elevator.
My brother's is always full of things or rather cramped and cluttered.	My brother's room is always full of things and rather cramped and cluttered.
My first week in Dublin	My first week in Dublin
Hi, i am an Spanish guy that i came to Dublin on last saturday night.	Hi, i am a Spanish guy that came to Dublin last Saturday night.
This is a nice city, all except Dublin 1 and 2 are nice residential houses and people are nicely kind.	This is a nice city, all except Dublin 1 and 2 are nice residential houses and people are pleasantly kind.
Now i have a house and a job, and i'm very excited about this experience, but i have not a good level of english and i don't understand the people when they speak with me and i don't know the correct forms of english expressions.	Now I have a house and a job, and I'm very excited about this experience, but I don't have a good level of English and i don't understand the people when they speak with me and I don't know the correct forms of English expressions.
I am looking for a good english academy because i need to improve my english in order to get a better job.	I am looking for a good English academy because i need to improve my English in order to get a better job.
I live in Castleknock, if anybody is interested in an english-spanish language interchange, please, let me know!	I live in Castleknock, if anybody is interested in an English-Spanish language interchange, please, let me know!
The Alleged Traitor of the Aztec Empire.	The Alleged Traitor of the Aztec Empire.
I have been reading the book called "Malinche" by Laura Esquivel.	I have been reading Malinche by Laura Esquivel.
The main character of the novel is a woman called Malinche.	The main character of the novel is a woman called Malinche.
She's famous in Mexico's history because she was the translator of the spanish conqueror Hernan Cortes and later his wife.	She's famous in Mexico's history because she was the translator of the Spanish conqueror Hernan Cortes and later became his wife.
Hence, she's consider a traitor of the Aztec empire.	Hence, she's consider a traitor of the Aztec empire.
Her name is even now consider a synonymous of traitor or betrayer.	Her name is synonymous with "traitor" and "betrayer" even today.
It is also commonly used as an adjective: Malinchista.	It is also commonly used as an adjective: Malinchista.
You can call someone a Malinchista, if this person shows attachment for foreign things and underestimates anything mexican.	You can also call someone a Malinchista, if this person shows attachment for foreign things and underestimates anything Mexican.
Of course, there's always the other side of the story.	Of course, there's always the other side of the story.
The Aztec empire dominated the tribes near them and ask them for payments.	The Aztec empire dominated the tribes near them, but did not interfere with the tribes as long as they paid their tributes.
The Aztec warriors used to capture prisioners from other tribes and they forced them into slavery.	The Aztec warriors used to capture prisoners from other tribes and force them into slavery.
Malinche was a princess of one of these tribes.	Malinche was a princess of one of these tribes.
Her father died when she was a teenager so her people were absorb by the Aztecs and she was a slave working in different houses.	When she was a teenager, her father died. Her people were absorbed into the Aztec empire and she became a domestic slave.
That’s way she spoke two different languages: she had to pleased her masters.	That’s way she spoke both Nahuatl and Mayan -- she had to please all of her masters.
She spoke nahuatl and mayan.	combined with previous sentence
Her bilingualism helped her when she was given as a gift to Hernan Cortes.	Her bilingualism helped her when she was given as a gift to Hernan Cortes.
Her new master later found out that she spoke these two languages and that's when she was “raised” as an interpreter.	Her new master eventually discovered her bilingualism, and raised her to be his interpreter.
Jeronimo de Aguilar was a spanish who shipwreck in Cozumel, near the Golf of Mexico cost in years before.	Jeronimo de Aguilar was a Spaniard who had been shipwrecked in Cozumel, near the Gulf of Mexico.
He spent a couple of years near the mayans until Hernando Cortes got to Mexico and rescued him.	He spent a couple of years near the Mayans, until Hernando Cortes got to Mexico and rescued him.
Malinche was the translator for nahuatl-mayan and Jeronimo de Aguilar for mayan-spanish.	Malinche translated between Nahuatl and Mayan, while Jeronimo de Aguilar translated between Mayan and Spanish.
I can understand now form her point of view, she was just trying to improve her life and she wanted to  be free.	I can understand now that, from her point of view, she was just trying to improve her life. She didn't want to be a traitor at all -- she wanted to be free.
I believe that if I were in her situation I would do the same thing.	I believe that if I were in her situation I would do the same thing.
I don’t want to spoiled the story for you guys.	I don’t want to spoil the story for you guys.
Read the book and tell me your thoughts.	Read the book and tell me your thoughts.
Thank you very much for your corrections.	Thank you very much for your corrections.
Regards,	Regards,
Satsuki.	Satsuki.
Have you ever heard of your Doppelganger Self?	Have you ever heard of your Doppelganger Self?
I came across a Webinar called Quantum Jumping.	I came across a Webinar called Quantum Jumping.
And I'm always drawn to this kind of topic.	I'm always drawn to this kind of topic.
I thought it was about something mystical, but it´s actually something logic.	I thought it was about something mystical, but it´s actually quite logical.
It sounds crazy, but very logical if you put your mind to it.	It sounds crazy, but it's very logical if you put your mind to it.
Every time that you have to make an important decision in your live it´s a turning point.	Every time that you have to make an important decision in your life it's a turning point.
They like to called it a "Fork Path".	They like to called it a "Fork Path".
And whatever decision you make, it´s going to change your reality.	And whatever decision you make, it´s going to change your reality.
But have you wonder, what it would happen if you would have turn to your right, instead of your left in that very crowded street?	But have you ever wondered what would happen if you would have turned to your right instead of your left in that very crowded street?
That reality belongs to your Doppelganger self.	That reality belongs to your Doppelganger self.
Using meditation, you can get into an Alpha mind level, and dream about visiting your Doppelganger who is very rich, or maybe one that is an expert at Photography...	Using meditation, you can get to an Alpha mind level, and dream about visiting your Doppelganger who is very rich, or maybe one that is an expert at photography...
You can ask them for advice, and maybe it wouldn´t sound logical for you at first, but ponder about it and you´ll recive the information you asked for.	You can ask them for advice, and maybe it doesn't sound logical for you at first, but ponder about it and you'll receive the information you asked for.
I realized now that it´s a very difficult subject to explain.	I realize that it's a very difficult subject to explain.
I have attached the website in case your interested.	I have attached the website in case you're interested.
And thank you in advance for your help at correcting this entry.	And thank you in advance for your help with correcting this entry.
Satsuki.	Satsuki.
When you are strange	When you are strange
I went to see a movie last friday.	I went to see a movie last friday.
It was called "When you are strange".	It was called "When you are strange".
It was like a documentary about the american band The Doors.	It was like a documentary about the american band The Doors.
It contained footage never seen before.	It contained footage never seen before.
I loved it because I´m a huge fan of the band, and the movie was narrated by Johnny Deep, wich I tought it is a magnificent bonus.	I loved it because I´m a huge fan of the band, and the movie was narrated by Johnny Deep, wich I tought it is a magnificent bonus.
The documentary revealed interesting things that I didn´t know about them.	The documentary revealed interesting things that I didn´t know about them.
For example, in the song "L.	For example, in the song "L.
A.	A.
Woman" he sang in the chorus "Mr Mojo Risin" wich is an anagram of his name.	Woman" he sang in the chorus "Mr Mojo Risin" wich is an anagram of his name.
Another exciting thing about this expirience, is that at the end of the projection, the guitarist of The Doors, Robby Krieger, were answering questions of the public.	Another exciting thing about this expirience, is that at the end of the projection, the guitarist of The Doors, Robby Krieger, were answering questions of the public.
If you have the opportunity to see this movie, please let me know if you liked my recommendation.	If you have the opportunity to see this movie, please let me know if you liked my recommendation.
Regards.	Regards.
My Birthday Present: The Movie collection of Hayao Miyazaki.	My Birthday Present: The Movie collection of Hayao Miyazaki.
I´m a huge fan of all the Hayao Miyazaki´s movies.	I´m a huge fan of all of Hayao Miyazaki´s movies.
I fell in love since I first saw "Spirited Away", wich in México it was called "Chihiro´s Journey".	I fell in love when I first saw "Spirited Away," which in México was called "Chihiro´s Journey."
It has the fairy tale feature, but much more deep and a bit of darkness.	It has the fairy tale feature, but is much deeper and has a bit of darkness.
Although I wouldn´t recommended it for children under 5 years old.	I wouldn´t recommend it for children under 5 years old, however.
All the movies are interesting, they have a good plot, and always have a moral conclusion.	All of his movies are interesting, have a good plot, and have a moral conclusion,
Something that make you ponder about a certain aspect in your own life.	something that makes you ponder on a certain aspect in your own life.
I thougth I had seen all the movies out there to see, but it turns out it´s a list of 18 movies and I have only seen less than half of that.	I thought I had seen all the movies out there to see, but it turns out it´s a list of 18 movies and I have only seen less than half of them. 
If you, dear reader, has read my entry and decide to help me with my errors...	If you, dear reader, have read my entry and decided to help me with my errors...
Thank you!	Thank you!
Focus on others, not yourself.	Focus on others, not yourself.
Today I watched for the second time an inspirational video that really makes you smile, feel extra humble and think profoundly in your life.	Today I watched for the second time an inspirational video that really makes you smile, feel extra humble and think profoundly in your life.
It´s a lecture by Randy Pausch.	It´s a lecture by Randy Pausch.
He´s an engineer and a teacher that has a lot of experience and a lot of funny anecdotes.	He´s an engineer and a teacher that has a lot of experience and a lot of funny anecdotes.
The first advice he gave was: "Introduce the elephant in the room", meaning to speak about an obvious and maybe uncomfortable subject.	The first advice he gave was: "Introduce the elephant in the room", meaning to speak about an obvious and maybe uncomfortable subject.
And it was about his cancer and the time he has left.	And it was about his cancer and the time he has left.
He also dares the audience to not pity him, because he´s happy, healthy (in every other way, except for the cancer) and at the end of the lecture you wish you could have known him and luckyly have him as a teacher.	He also dares the audience to not pity him, because he´s happy, healthy (in every other way, except for the cancer) and at the end of the lecture you wish you could have known him and luckyly have him as a teacher.
He mentioned several things that I want to remember and practice.	He mentioned several things that I want to remember and practice.
But this is a very important and I´m going to try to impose this in my life right away.	But this is a very important and I´m going to try to impose this in my life right away.
This is the link if you want to see it for yourself.	This is the link if you want to see it for yourself.
Old Science Fiction Films (very old)	Old Science Fiction Films (very old)
Real science fiction fans usually don´t look for movies with astonishing special effects but either they prefer nice histories.	Real science fiction fans usually don´t look for movies with astonishing special effects. Instead they prefer detailed histories.
Histories that will open their minds and help to imagine what will happen in the future.	In this case "histories" means stories that will open their minds and help imagine what will happen in the future.
One of the oldest and most known science fiction films is the George Melies "A Trip to the Moon" (1902).	One of the oldest and most famous science fiction films is George Melies' "A Trip to the Moon" (1902).
It is a soundless film in black and white based on Jules Verne famous novel.	It is a silent film in black and white based on Jules Verne's famous novel.
Some of the "special effects" were made using painted cardboard.	Some of the "special effects" were made using painted cardboard.
Another no so well known is the soviet film "Aelita Queen of Mars" by Iakov Protazanov (1928).	Another film that is not so well known is the Soviet film "Aelita Queen of Mars" by Iakov Protazanov (1928).
It´s about a princess who live in Mars and fall in love with an kosmonaut who is seeing coming from earth using a telescope.	It´s about a princess who lives on Mars and falls in love with an kosmonaut who she sees coming from Earth through her telescope.
But that is not all, earth kosmonauts bring the soviet revolution to exploited workers of Mars!!!	But that is not all! The Earth kosmonauts bring the Soviet revolution to the exploited workers of Mars!!!
There are another famous german film named "Woman in the Moon" by Frizt Lang (1929).	There is another famous German film named "Woman in the Moon" by Fritz Lang (1929).
This movie is highly characterized by introducing different technical aspects (sometimes so advanced for that time) of space exploration.	This movie is characterized by introducing different technical aspects (some very advanced for that time) of space exploration.
The film shows a multi stage rocket (incredible!!), the acceleration effects over human body, the speed reached by a rocket ( several km by seconds, amazing!!	The film shows a multi stage rocket (incredible!!), acceleration's effect on the human body, and the speed reached by a rocket ( several km per second, amazing!!
There are other famous films I think we have to comment further like Metropolis or Kosmichensky Reiys .	There are still other famous films I think we should comment further on like Metropolis or Kosmichensky Reiys .
Well that´s all for now, I hope you enjoyed reading this article, thanks for your help and see you later.	Well that´s all for now, I hope you enjoyed reading this article, thanks for your help and see you later.
Mr.	Mr.
Gabriel	Gabriel
Hello every one	Hello every one
it is mi first entriti, please let mi patience, I do not speak english but I have many desire learn.	This is my first entry, please , have patience with me. I do not speak English but I really want to learn.
I am a Project engineer and now build water sun for my city	I am a Project engineer and now build water sun for my city
Hi 	Hi 
Hi 	Hi 
My name is Daniel im originally from Colombia and im trying to better my English and trying to learn Japanese.	My name is Daniel im originally from Colombia and im trying to better my English and trying to learn Japanese.
So feel free to add me as a friend and help me learn more about this two languages.	So feel free to add me as a friend and help me learn more about this two languages.
Whats Going on?	What's going on?
First of its been a while since i wrote here in any language(spanish, English or Japanese) but hopefully ill get the chance to be more active here.	First of its been a while since I wrote here in any language (Spanish, English or Japanese) but hopefully I'll get the chance to be more active here.
First of its been a while since i wrote here in any language(spanish, English or Japanese) but hopefully ill get the chance to be more active here.	First off, it's been a while since I wrote here in any language (Spanish, English or Japanese), but hopefully I'll get the chance to be more active here.
:) With that said, It been a crazy period of time around the world Japan, most of the Middle east, the USA.	:) With that said, It's been a crazy period of time around the world: Japan, most of the Middle east, the USA.
And besides that the gas prices are skyrocketing $3.79 for a gallon?	And in addition to that, the gas prices are skyrocketing-- $3.79 for a gallon?
that's crazy!	That's crazy!
at most gas prices should be at a $1.80, its sad to think that most people are ok with this letting the bankers dictate how much we pay for gas!	At most gas prices should be at $1.80, its sad to think that most people are ok with this letting the bankers dictate how much we pay for gas!
at most gas prices should be at a $1.80, its sad to think that most people are ok with this letting the bankers dictate how much we pay for gas!	At most, gas prices should be at $1.80. It's sad to think that most people are ok with this, letting the bankers dictate how much we pay for gas!
this really gets me angry people shouldn't believe all they hear from the media but then again that's the reason why this country has work the way it has for a long time.	This really gets me angry people shouldn't believe all they hear from the media -- but then again that's the reason why this country has worked the way it has for a long time.
this really gets me angry people shouldn't believe all they hear from the media but then again that's the reason why this country has work the way it has for a long time.	This really gets me angry-- people shouldn't believe everything they hear from the media, but then again that's the reason why this country has worked the way it has for such a long time.
Thank you for reading this.	Thank you for reading this.
Wow	Wow
It's been a while since i was here, but finally im back.	It's been a little while since i joined here, but finally i am back.
And im hoping to getting back to studying japanese and lern how to talk but just wanted to give an update on where i've been 	And i am hoping to study Japanese and learn how to talk, but now i just wanted to give an update on where i've been.
CONVERSATION	CONVERSATION
hi how are you?	hi how are you?
fine and you	fine and you
fine too 	fine too 
yo are dancing for me please?	yo are dancing for me please?
My first week working for free~	My first week working for free.
Hello~, I recently finished my studies here.	Hello, I have recently finished my studies. I don't quite understand what you are trying to say, where is "here"?
I'm a Civil Engineer, and I'm currently making my thesis about the project I chose.	I'm a Civil Engineer, and I'm currently writing my thesis about a project which I had to choose.
I'm a Civil Engineer, and I'm currently making my thesis about the project I chose.	I'm a Civil Engineer, and I'm currently working on my thesis about a project that I chose.
All this consists in collaborate with a building company and working for them about 480 hours in three months, for free!	We have to collaborate with a building company and work for them for about 480 hours in three months, for free!
All this consists in collaborate with a building company and working for them about 480 hours in three months, for free!	All this consists in our collaboration with a building company and working for them about 480 hours in three months, for free!
Then, I'll be writing the experience I acquired (working for them).	Then, I'll be writing the experience I acquired (working for them).
Then, I'll be writing the experience I acquired (working for them).	Then, I'll be writing about the experience I acquired (working for them).
I've been waking up at 6.30 am everyday...	I've been waking up at 6.30 am everyday...
this is the hard part for me!	This is the hard part for me!
because I usually got sleep so late and I can't sleep early, I don't know why.	Because I usually sleep so late and I can't sleep early, I don't know why.
Then, I stay walking around the project, asking and helping people, and learning a lot about the process to build a paved road.	I then walk around the project, questioning as well as helping people, and learning a lot about the process involved in building a paved road. 
Then, I stay walking around the project, asking and helping people, and learning a lot about the process to build a paved road.	I walk around the project, asking questions and helping people, and learning a lot about the process involved in building a paved road.
It's so interesting but I can't stay under the sun too long because it's so hot!!	It's so interesting but I can't stay under the sun too long because it's so hot!!
The weather is becoming so weird.	The weather is becoming so weird.
All day long is so hot, and rains a lot at night.	It's been hot all day, then rains a lot at night.
The project is stopped because of that.	The project has been stopped because of that.
Moreover, I'm also feeling ill!	I'm also feeling ill! moreover is only used in academic literature.
Moreover, I'm also feeling ill!	Besides, I'm also feeling ill!
--	--
I'm sorry if I have lots of mistakes, but I can't write English.	I'm sorry if I have lots of mistakes, but I can't write English.
My Best Vacation	My Best Vacation
Anna Campos	Anna Campos
My Best Vacation	My Best Vacation
If you want to scape completely from your ordinary day to day activities; I suggest going to a cruise.	If you want to scape completely from your ordinary day to day activities; I suggest going to a cruise.
One of my best vacations was last year.	One of my best vacations was last year.
My family and I went to Bahamas Island on a cruise.	My family and I went to Bahamas Island on a cruise.
This was the most memorable, relaxing and fun vacation.	This was the most memorable, relaxing and fun vacation.
First of all, this vacation was the most memorable vacation because it was amazing when we got to the West palm Beach Port in Florida.	First of all, this vacation was the most memorable vacation because it was amazing when we got to the West palm Beach Port in Florida.
It was Sunday noon, there was beautiful weather.	It was Sunday noon, there was beautiful weather.
We were admiring the spectacular ship that we going to sail to the Bahamas.	We were admiring the spectacular ship that we going to sail to the Bahamas.
I thought the ship was the same size of the Titanic.	I thought the ship was the same size of the Titanic.
The biggest ship was white and blue; it has thirteen floors and balconies.	The biggest ship was white and blue; it has thirteen floors and balconies.
We have a wonderful welcome to the cruise, they took a picture, and the host helped us with the luggage, and took us to our room.	We have a wonderful welcome to the cruise, they took a picture, and the host helped us with the luggage, and took us to our room.
We felt so special like a celebrities.	We felt so special like a celebrities.
Moreover, this vacation was super relaxing and excited because we knew that when we going out from the port; into the ocean we going to a paradise.	Moreover, this vacation was super relaxing and excited because we knew that when we going out from the port; into the ocean we going to a paradise.
It is so peaceful to feel the ocean breeze, to see the sunset vivid color was amazing.	It is so peaceful to feel the ocean breeze, to see the sunset vivid color was amazing.
That was magnificent we have never seem a sunset like this before.	That was magnificent we have never seem a sunset like this before.
The ocean sound is so relaxing atmosphere that made us feels very comfortable.	The ocean sound is so relaxing atmosphere that made us feels very comfortable.
In addition, we went to the most beautiful island in the Caribbean; we also had a lot of fun.	In addition, we went to the most beautiful island in the Caribbean; we also had a lot of fun.
When the ship sailed the party began.	When the ship sailed the party began.
There are a lot of activities to do.	There are a lot of activities to do.
There is music played, karaoke, disco to dance, comedy, casino, and a lot of food to eat anytime we wanted.	There is music played, karaoke, disco to dance, comedy, casino, and a lot of food to eat anytime we wanted.
The time went so fast the next thing we knew was already morning and we were in the beautiful Bahamas.	The time went so fast the next thing we knew was already morning and we were in the beautiful Bahamas.
We thought that was a dream when we saw the island, looked like a picture from the calendar.	We thought that was a dream when we saw the island, looked like a picture from the calendar.
In conclusion, to have a wonderful vacations  full of memories, relaxant, and enjoyable.	In conclusion, to have a wonderful vacations  full of memories, relaxant, and enjoyable.
The cruise is a place to go to different destination to have fun and exciting adventures.	The cruise is a place to go to different destination to have fun and exciting adventures.
                                 A place I Would Like to Visit Someday	A Place I Would Like to Visit Someday
A place I Would Like to Visit Someday	A Place I Would Like to Visit Someday
 There are many beautiful places in the world that is my dream to visit.	 There are many beautiful places in the world that I dream to visit.
 There are many beautiful places in the world that is my dream to visit.	I agree with the previous editor.
However, the one I would like to visit is Lourdes France.	However, the one I would like to visit the most is Lourdes France.
However, the one I would like to visit is Lourdes France.	However, the one I would most like to visit is Lourdes, France.
I wish to visit the sacred Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes basilica of the Rosary.	I wish to visit the sacred Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes in the Basilica of the Rosary.
Also the grotto of miraculous cave; the spring water from the grotto is believed to possess healing properties.	Also the grotto of the miraculous cave; the spring water from the grotto is believed to possess healing properties.
Also the grotto of miraculous cave; the spring water from the grotto is believed to possess healing properties.	I would also like to visit the grotto of the miraculous cave where the spring water is believed to possess healing properties.
The faithful of pilgrims, especially those in need of healing immerse themselves in the grotto hoping for cures and blessing.	The faith of pilgrims, especially those in need of healing immerse themselves in the grotto hoping for cures and blessing.
The faithful of pilgrims, especially those in need of healing immerse themselves in the grotto hoping for cures and blessing.	The faithful pilgrims, especially those in need of healing, immerse themselves in the grotto hoping for cures and blessings.
I have faithful in the power of miracles, Lady of Lourdes.	I have faith in the power of miracles, Lady of Lourdes.
I have faithful in the power of miracles, Lady of Lourdes.	I have faith in the power of miracles of the Lady of Lourdes.
For these reasons, I believe it will be a wonderful experience to go there.	For these reasons, I believe it would be a wonderful experience to go there.
I think this is a beautiful place to enjoying the amazing sceneries; definitely Lourdes could be mu next destination.	I think this is a beautiful place to enjoy the amazing scenery; definitely Lourdes should be my next destination.
I think this is a beautiful place to enjoying the amazing sceneries; definitely Lourdes could be mu next destination.	I think this is a beautiful place to enjoy the amazing scenery. Lourdes could definitely be my next destination.
First novice comentary 	First entry
Humm!!!	Humm!!!
I'm Horacio.	I'm Horacio.
I'm from Argentina.	I'm from Argentina.
I used the Google translate for write a comentary.	I used to use Google translator to write texts.
And now I use Lang-8.	And now I use Lang-8.
Present me for mail.	Presenting Myself
I need a small informal presentation for mail with english speakers.	I need a small informal presentation for English speakers.
Hi.	Hi,
I'm Horacio, from argentina, I'm 22 years old.	I'm Horacio, from Argentina, I'm 22 years old.
Do you speak english or spanish?	Do you speak English or Spanish?
My english is very basic, I speak how a boy of 6 years old.	My English is very basic, I speak like a six year old boy.
formal letter	formal letter
23th august, 2009	August 23rd, 2009
Microisla.	Microisla.
Dear Mr o Ms:	Dear Mr or Ms:
Dear Mr o Ms:	Dear Mr or Ms:
I´m writing this letter because I would like to complain about the my computer which I bought in your shop,this computer doesn´t light.	I´m writing this letter because the computer which I bought in your shop doesn´t light up.
The computer broke alone.	The computer broke on its self .
I try turn on but it has a noise.	I tried turning it on but when I do it makes a noise.
I try turn on but it has a noise.	I try to turn it on but it makes a noise.
You can offer me a new computer for the old computer?	You Can offer me a new computer for the old computer?Can you offer me to trade my old computer for a new computer?
You can offer me a new computer for the old computer?	Can you offer me a new computer for the old computer?
I need it for my job.	I need it for my job.
yours sincerely	Yours sincerely,
Marissa	Marissa
letter	letter
Dear mike,	Dear Mike,
i was great to hear from you!	It was great to hear from you!
sorry i can´t answer you mail before because i was ill.	Sorry; I couldn't answer you mail before because I was ill.
When do you come to my house to play  games computer?	When can you come to my house to play computer games?
you can´t  win to me.	You can´t beat me.
Firs of all, i paractise every day.	First of all, I practice every day.
I practise playing internet whit many people of the world.	I practice playing on the internet with many people of the world.
Secondly you always have been been bad playing  sport game and wars games.	Secondly, you always have been bad at playing sport and war games.
Can´t  wait hear from you.	Can't wait to hear from you!
yours	Yours truly,
marissa	Marissa
Hello	Hello
I'm Daniela, and I have to practice my english 'cause I'm going to start a new job, and I told people who hired me that I can speak english as well as spanish.	I'm Daniela, and I have to practice my English 'cause I'm going to start a new job, and I told the people who hired me that I can speak English as well as Spanish.
But now I'm not so sure about that, and that's why I want to practice, to see if I can really speak enlish.	But now I'm not so sure about that, and that's why I want to practice, to see if I can really speak English.
What does "Freak you out" means?	What does "Freak you out" mean?
I heard in a Emma Lahana's song, in power rangers dino thunder	I heard it in Emma Lahana's song from "Power Rangers: Dino Thunder."
And it goes like this	And it goes like this:
Yeah yeah	Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah	Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah	Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah	Yeah yeah
I can't tell you why	I can't tell you why
But I can't stop thinking about you baby	But I can't stop thinking about you baby
Oh yeah	Oh yeah
Don't you think it's time	Don't you think it's time
I walked around every word you're saying	I walked around every word you're saying
Oh yeah (yeah)	Oh yeah (yeah)
Trying hard to figure out	Trying hard to figure out
Tell me what it's all about	Tell me what it's all about
Cuz I don't want to freak you out	Cuz I don't want to freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
I want to know	I want to know
Know where you're at	Know where you're at
I'm at the front	I'm at the front
But baby you're still at the back	But baby you're still at the back
Oh, can you tell me where it's at	Oh, can you tell me where it's at
I gotta know	I gotta know
Know where you're at	Know where you're at
I'm all alone waiting for you to ask	I'm all alone waiting for you to ask
Oh, can you tell me where	Oh, can you tell me where
Tell me where it's at	Tell me where it's at
It seems like when we talk	It seems like when we talk
You haven't heard a single word I'm saying	You haven't heard a single word I'm saying
Oh yeah	Oh yeah
I'm over here so listen up	I'm over here so listen up
Sit back tune in	Sit back tune in
Pick it up	Pick it up
Yeah	Yeah
I'm just waiting here	I'm just waiting here
Trying hard to figure out	Trying hard to figure out
Tell me what it's all about	Tell me what it's all about
Cuz I don't want to freak you out	Cuz I don't want to freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
I'm trying hard to figure out	I'm trying hard to figure out
Tell me what it's all about	Tell me what it's all about
What it's all about	What it's all about
I want to know	I want to know
Know where you're at	Know where you're at
I'm at the front	I'm at the front
But baby you're still at the back	But baby you're still at the back
Oh, can you tell me where you're at	Oh, can you tell me where you're at
I gotta know	I gotta know
Know where you're at	Know where you're at
I'm all alone waiting for you to ask	I'm all alone waiting for you to ask
Oh, can you tell me where	Oh, can you tell me where
Tell me where you're at	Tell me where you're at
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Didn't I try to let you know	Didn't I try to let you know
Didn't I try to tell you so	Didn't I try to tell you so
Yeah, yeah, yeah	Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah yeah	Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah	Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah	Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah	Yeah yeah
I want to know	I want to know
Know where you're at	Know where you're at
I'm at the front	I'm at the front
But baby you're still at the back	But baby you're still at the back
Oh can you tell me where	Oh can you tell me where
Tell me where it's at	Tell me where it's at
(I want to know)	(I want to know)
Can you tell me where it's at	Can you tell me where it's at
(I want to know)	(I want to know)
Can you tell me where it's at	Can you tell me where it's at
(I want to know)	(I want to know)
Can you tell me	Can you tell me
(I want to know)	(I want to know)
Tell me	Tell me
I want to know	I want to know
Know where you're at	Know where you're at
I'm at the front	I'm at the front
But baby you're still at the back	But baby you're still at the back
Oh can you tell me where you're at	Oh can you tell me where you're at
I gotta know	I gotta know
Know where you're at	Know where you're at
I'm all alone waiting for you to ask	I'm all alone waiting for you to ask
Oh, can you tell me where	Oh, can you tell me where
Tell me where you're at	Tell me where you're at
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Freak you out	Freak you out
Thanks!	Thanks!
English TV programmes	English TV Programs
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
As I said in my first writing I usually watch English, American or Canadian TV series.	As I said in my first journal, I usually watch English, American or Canadian TV series.
I have to download from the internet all the series I like because in Spain they are translated into Spanish and not always can I see them in their original language thanks to the new digital television.	I have to download all of the series that I like from the internet because in Spain they are all translated into Spanish, therefore, I can not always watch them in their original language thanks to the new digital television.
I found a great web called "tvcountdown" where you can see when an episode was broadcast or how many time you have to wait for the next episode.	I found a great website called "tvcountdown" where you can see when an episode was broadcast or how much time you have to wait for the next episode.
Now, for instance, I´m watching "How I met your mother", "The Big Bang Theory", "Little Mosque in the Prairie"...	Now, for instance, I´m watching "How I met your mother", "The Big Bang Theory" and "Little Mosque in the Prairie" etc. 
all comedy as you can see!!	All comedies as you can see!!
If you know about another similar series I´ll be glad to look for them on the internet.	If you know about any other similar series, I´d be glad to look for them on the internet.
See you!!	See you!!
Waiting for the weekend!!	Waiting for the weekend!!
Hello!	Hello!
A long time without any entry...	It has been a long time since I wrote an entry...
my bad!	my bad!
In my defense I must say I have been really busy this week.	In my defense I must say that I have been really busy this week.
Furthermore, I can´t wait for the weekend!!	Furthermore, I can´t wait for the weekend!!
This weekend is going to be a long one because next Monday is bank holiday in the city where I live.	This weekend is going to be a long one because next Monday is a bank holiday in the city where I live.
So I´m going to visit my family in the south of Spain.	So I´m going to visit my family in the south of Spain.
I´m lucky because there is another bank holiday on May 31st (Monday again) and that day is my birthday.	I´m lucky because there is another bank holiday on May 31st (Monday again) and that day is my birthday.
That weekend I want to go to Madrid, where my boyfriend lives, I´ll spend there the whole weekend with him and some friends.	That weekend I want to go to Madrid, where my boyfriend lives. I´ll spend the whole weekend there with him and some friends.
In fact, we are having a party on Friday, so we are going to have fun!	In fact, we are having a party on Friday, so we are going to have lots of fun!
I really need to disconnect from work, at least for a few days.	I really need to disconnect from work, at least for a few days.
I hope you enjoy your weekend too!!	I hope you enjoy your weekend too!!
Ciao!!	Ciao!!
Spanish idioms	Spanish idioms
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
I was wondering today about a topic to write a new entry, then I realized one of the most difficult things to learn about a new language are idioms.	I was wondering today about a topic to write a new entry, then I realized one of the most difficult things to learn about a new language are idioms.
So I´d like to teach you some Spanish idioms and I hope any other people can bring up some idioms in their own languages!	So I´d like to teach you some Spanish idioms and I hope any other people can bring up some idioms in their own languages!
For example, I think in English you usually say: "straight from the horse´s mouth".	For example, I think in English you usually say: "straight from the horse´s mouth".
You can translate literally this expresion into Spanish, but what wa say is "saber de buena fuente".	You can translate literally this expression into Spanish, but what we say is "saber de buena fuente".
You say that when the person who knows everything about the matter tells you in person.	You say that when the person who knows everything about the matter tells you in person.
Another funny expression, at least for me, is "set the cat among the pidgeons", that expression in Spanish is similar but what we say is "take the fox into the hen run"/"meter el zorro en el gallinero".	Another funny expression, at least for me, is "set the cat among the pidgeons", that expression in Spanish is similar but what we say is "take the fox into the hen run"/"meter el zorro en el gallinero".
We use that idiom when you mean that something or somebody is going to disturb some other people.	We use that idiom when you mean that something or somebody is going to disturb some other people.
I don´t know if I have explain all of these clear enough, but I love idioms so if I can learn more of them from you I´d be really glad!	I don´t know if I have explained all of these clearly enough, but I love idioms so if I can learn more of them from you I´d be really glad!
THANK YOU!	THANK YOU!
please help to my english	Please help with my English.
I like the grape, much more juice grape.	I like the grape, much more than grape juice.
the guitar is a beatifull instruments but much more ease to the piano and violin.	The guitar is a beautiful instrument, but much more easier than the piano or violin.
i buy a new car, this car is brown and inside is blue.	I bought a new car, this car is brown and the inside is blue.
every morning i wake up 6:00 am,step by step i go to my work.	Every morning, I wake up at 6:00 am, step by step I go to work.
Hi everybody...	Hi everybody...
Hello,	Hello,
I was just passing by to see if I'm committing some mistakes while writing, by the way, my name is Israel.	I just dropped in to see if I'm making any mistakes while writing. By the way, my name is Israel.
I know I still have a lot of vocabulary to learn, but I would like you to tell me how good I'm doing so far.	I know I still have a lot of vocabulary to learn, but I would like you to tell me how well I'm doing so far.
Talk to you all later!	Talk to you all later!
Greetings from Peru.	Greetings from Peru.
PS: This is my first entrie.	PS: This is my first entry.
Practice	Practice
Hello, everybody..	Hello, everybody..
how are you?	how are you?
My name is Pablo Torres, I am from Uruguay, but actually I am leaving in Santiago, Chile...	My name is Pablo Torres, I am from Uruguay, but actually I am living in Santiago, Chile...
I am working at an engineering Company in Santiago....	I am working at an engineering Company in Santiago....
I am a Mechanical Designer.-	I am a Mechanical Designer.-
I hope that somebody will help me to improve my poor english.-	I hope that somebody will help me to improve my poor english.-
Thank you very much 	Thank you very much 
PTB  	PTB  
homework	homework
My english teacher we asked an article that is the issue...	My english teacher we asked an article that is the issue...
did an article on architecture.	did an article on architecture.
I	I
My name is Manuel I'm a student of architecture in Mexico in the state of Aguascalientes	My name is Manuel I'm a student of architecture in Mexico in the state of Aguascalientes
TODAY	TODAY
TODAY I HAVE TO STUDY FOR EXAMS AND ALSO I HAVE THREE WORK TO DO, I DO EVERYTHING TO REACH ALL FAST.	TODAY I HAVE TO STUDY FOR EXAMS AND ALSO I HAVE THREE WORK TO DO, I DO EVERYTHING TO REACH ALL FAST.
YES	YES
YES WE CAN ....	YES WE CAN ....
TOMORROW	TOMORROW
Tomorrow I have a busy day in college because TOUCHING ME MORE DIFFICULT SUBJECTS	Tomorrow I have a busy day in college because TOUCHING ME MORE DIFFICULT SUBJECTS
ARCHITECTURE	ARCHITECTURE
Hi!	Hi!
ah, build!	ah, build!
This is the noblest of all arts and desire is to excel in a trace...	This is the noblest of all arts and desire is to excel in a trace...
I	I
HOY ADEMAS DE LOS EXAMENES TENGO QUE SALIR CON MIS DOS MEJORES AMIGOS Y CON  TRES AMIGAS, ESPERO QUE ME DIVIERTA MUCHO	HOY ADEMAS DE LOS EXAMENES TENGO QUE SALIR CON MIS DOS MEJORES AMIGOS Y CON  TRES AMIGAS, ESPERO QUE ME DIVIERTA MUCHO
hi	hi
today is a boring day and I have to do a job and  do not know how to begin	today is a boring day and I have to do a job and  do not know how to begin
letter	letter
Gran Via 45 	Gran Via 45 
Madrid	Madrid
March 7th	March 7th
Dear Susan,	Dear Susan,
I hope you and your family are very well.	I hope you and your family are doing very well.
My family are well although my mother has to(or must ?)go to the doctor.	My family is doing well although my mother has to go to the doctor.
The last Sunday I was in PROPET(pet industry trade fair)on a dog grommer course	The last Sunday I was at PROPET(pet industry trade fair)on a dog grommer course.
the course was very interesting and funny.	The course was very interesting and funny.
It was cheaper than other similar course -because I had a proffesioal invitation-.	It was cheaper than other similar courses,because I had a professional? invitation.
I was a curious dog .	I encountered? a curious dog .
The dog had got blue hair	The dog had blue hair.
I'm going to visit London soon for four days.	I'm going to visit London soon for four days.
I'd like see you.	I'd like see you.
I want to make sightseeing.	I want to go sightseeing.
I will phone when I arrived	I will phone when I arrive
Your faithfully	Your's faithfully,
Montse	Montse
supermarket	Supermarket
My mother and I go to the supermarket every saturday.	My mother and I go to the supermarket every Saturday.
We don't buy much beef meat,we prefer chicken meat.	We don't buy much beef , we prefer chicken .
We buy a lot of fish because we think the fish is healthier(or more healthy???)than beef meat.	We buy a lot of fish because we think fish is healthier than beef .
We buy a lot of vegetables and fruit(appels,oranges strawberrys,bananas).	We buy a lot of vegetables and fruit (apples, oranges, strawberries, bananas).
I always buy semi-skimmed milk and my mother buy milk of goat because she is alergical milk of cow.	I always buy semi-skimmed milk and my mother buys goat's milk because she is allergic to cow's milk.
On sunday we going to make a big cake with strawberrys and a littel chocolat	On Sunday we are going to make a big cake with strawberries and a little chocolate.
LIst of the shopping	Shopping list
A:Hello Susan.	A:Hello Susan.
Good morning we need go to the shopping tomorrow.	Good morning. We need go shopping tomorrow.
We don't have any food in the fridge	We don't have any food in the fridge
B:What do we need?	B:What do we need?
A:We don't have anything	A:We don't have anything
B:Why don't we make a list?	B:Why don't we make a list?
A:That's a good idea	A:That's a good idea
B:We need some eggs,potatoes,wine,apple	B:We need some eggs, potatoes, wine, and apples.
A:Is there any coffee?	A:Is there any coffee?
B:No, there isn't I'd like buying some milk too	B:No, there isn't. I'd like to buy some milk too.
A:We haven't got enough a``le and cheese	A:We haven't got enough ale and cheese
B:How many apple do you want?	B:How many apples do you want?
A:I want a pair of apples and a bowl of muesli without sugar for breakfast	A:I want a pair of apples and a bowl of muesli without sugar for breakfast.
B:Do you want anything else?	B:Do you want anything else?
A:Yes,I like bananas	A:Yes, I would like bananas
B:Oh I don't like bananas	B:Oh I don't like bananas
A:I like bananas and some tea,please	A:I would like bananas and some tea,please
B:OK tomorrow we go to the shopping at ten o'clock	B:OK tomorrow we will go shopping at ten o'clock.
letter	letter
Gran Via 45 	Gran Via 45 
Madrid	Madrid
March 7th	March 7th
Dear Susan,	Dear Susan,
I hope you and your family are very well.	I hope you and your family is doing well.
My family are well although my mother has to(or must ?)go to the doctor.	My family is doing well although my mother has to go to the doctor.
The last Sunday I was in PROPET(pet industry trade fair)on a dog grommer course	Last Sunday I was at PROPET (pet industry trade fair) for a dog grooming course 
the course was very interesting and funny.	The course was very interesting and funny. 
It was cheaper than other similar course -because I had a proffesioal invitation-.	It was cheaper for me than other similar courses, because I had a professional invitation.
I was a curious dog .	There was a curious dog there.
The dog had got blue hair	The dog had got blue hair
I'm going to visit London soon for four days.	I'm going to visit London soon for four days.
I'd like see you.	I'd like see you.
I want to make sightseeing.	I want to do some sightseeing.
I will phone when I arrived	I will phone when I arrive.
Your faithfully	Your faithfully
Hello There!!!	Hello There!!!
My name is Juan Manuel, I am attending Teaching Training course in Uiversity, I love English very much, but I know I have many languages mistakes, so It would be nice if anyone can help me, so that I 	My name is Juan Manuel, I am attending a Teaching Training course in a university. I love English very much, but I know I have many language mistakes, so it would be nice if anyone can help me, so that I 
My name is Juan Manuel, I am attending Teaching Training course in Uiversity, I love English very much, but I know I have many languages mistakes, so It would be nice if anyone can help me, so that I 	My name is Juan Manuel, I am attending Teaching Training course in Uiversity, I love English very much, but I know I have many languages mistakes. It would be nice if anyone could help me, so that I 
cannot repeat them ever again.	don't repeat them ever again.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon,	I am looking forward to hearing from you soon,
Regards,	Regards,
Juan Manuel	Juan Manuel
PS: you can e mail me at juanmanuel_pascual1982@yahoo.	PS: you can e mail me at juanmanuel_pascual1982@yahoo.
com.	com.
ar	ar
Mi first class	My first class
Mi first class	My first class
Im begin learned english , are not sure that spoke in a month but I try because some friends visit me to finally of month, they from Holanda but they are speak english and spanish, but better is your english, so my intention is learned more and more Can you unstertand what a saying?	I'm beginning to learn english. I have not spoken in about a month, but I now am motivated because at month's end, some friends are coming to vist. They are from Holanda and they speak English and Spanish. Their English is better than mine so I plan to learn as much as possible in the time I have. Can you unstertand what a saying?
Im begin learned english , are not sure that spoke in a month but I try because some friends visit me to finally of month, they from Holanda but they are speak english and spanish, but better is your english, so my intention is learned more and more Can you unstertand what a saying?	I've started learning English. I'm not sure that I've spoken it in over a month but I try because some friends are visiting me at the end of the month. They are from Holland and they speak English and Spanish, but their English is better, so my intention is learning it bit by bit. Can you understand what I am saying?
Is Holiday in my country!!	Is Holiday in my country!!
Hi,The last friday I could visit a friend in Cotacachi, her house is small but her family is lovely.	Hi, Last friday I visited a friend in Cotacachi. Her house was small but her family were lovely.
she have a pretty cat, his name is Fausto.	She has a pretty cat, his name is Fausto.
I remember the day that she found him in a market.	I remember the day she found him in a market.
I was with her that day.	I was with her that day.
The cat was very sick and   hungry.	The cat was very sick and   hungry.
My Friend gave him a home.	My friend gave him a home.
Today Fausto looks good.	Today Fausto looks good.
I am happy for him!!	I am happy for him!!
My friends are here	My friends are here
Hi, I hope somebody corrects my mistakes...	Hi, I hope somebody corrects my mistakes...
well my friends arrived from Holland, they speak just little spanish, but we could comunicate by signs, short phrases in  both lenguages, It is was not so bad and they could to learn something from my country.	well, my friends arrived from Holland, they speak just a little Spanish, but we could communicate by signs and short phrases in both languages, It is was not so bad and they could learn something about my country.
In my job	In my job
Hi everybody!, I want to talk about my job.	Hi everybody!, I want to talk about my job.
I am graphic designer.	I am graphic designer.
I work in a Medicity Company, really my job is cool because my boss travels all the time and I have time to make many things for example learn english and chat with my friends.	I work in a Medicity Company, really my job is cool because my boss travels all the time and I have time to make many things for example learn english and chat with my friends.
This is not problem here.	This is not problem here.
With out control, every one of us make our job very well with out stress of course!	With out control, every one of us make our job very well with out stress of course!
Today I had having to work in companys web, and also in some posters that needed a little inspiration for me.	Today I had having to work in companys web, and also in some posters that needed a little inspiration for me.
Now, I am hungry..	Now, I am hungry..
I will bought peannuts and maybe something else..	I will bought peannuts and maybe something else..
Please helpme with this words, today did not use the google translate.	Please helpme with this words, today did not use the google translate.
Bye	Bye
Do you know Ecuador?	Do you know Ecuador?
I am here again!!, I want to travel Europa by next year but my friends saying: Sudaka would have know Ecuador first.	I am here again!!, I want to travel Europa by next year but my friends saying: Sudaka would have know Ecuador first.
So I think planning a trip to Galapagos Islands first, so as to bring some pictures of my beautiful country, always I say: Ecuador is a only country that you take a breakfast in the Coast, you can see the beach and engoying the sun, then could take a lunch in Sierra Region, You take a pictures, There are a mountains, The weather it´s cold but the wild´s sounds are amazing!!	So I think planning a trip to Galapagos Islands first, so as to bring some pictures of my beautiful country, always I say: Ecuador is a only country that you take a breakfast in the Coast, you can see the beach and engoying the sun, then could take a lunch in Sierra Region, You take a pictures, There are a mountains, The weather it´s cold but the wild´s sounds are amazing!!
The people in this region are very serious but friendly!, To night you could take a airplane and to travel for only 15 minutes and you will arrived in Tena.	The people in this region are very serious but friendly!, To night you could take a airplane and to travel for only 15 minutes and you will arrived in Tena.
It´s a place in the Amazonas Region, a place with rivers, flora and fauna, birds, and some great animals!	It´s a place in the Amazonas Region, a place with rivers, flora and fauna, birds, and some great animals!
I have to tell you  some things of my country also I could to write a book but I must go to work now!	I have to tell you  some things of my country also I could to write a book but I must go to work now!
good bye      	good bye      
What was the best or the worst about the english course?	What was the best or the worst about the english course?
I think the class was really good and fun.	I think the class was really good and fun.
Apart from that the methodology was appropriate for the learning process and the class qualification method was very organized.	Apart from that the methodology was appropriate for the learning process and the class qualification method was very organized.
The only bad thing was for the first partial there no was sufficient time for the presentations.	The only bad thing was for the first part there wasn't sufficient time for the presentations.
my first day	my first day
hi, every one, in this moment i'm learning english, so i want that you help me to learn 	Hi, everyone. In this moment I'm learning English, so I want you to help me to learn.
opinar sobre la clase a un profesor...	opinar sobre la clase a un profesor...
classes were good and understandable, we can highlight the organization of teacher.	classes were good and understandable, we can highlight the organization the of teacher.
In my opinion, you should talk a little more in spanish for the students that are a little lost with the languaje	In my opinion, you should talk a little more in spanish for the students that are a little lost with the languaje
Party Day	Party Day
Today am going to my friends party but first need clean my room because is a disaster while hearing music and download some contend of the web perhaps some videos and then led free for the party tonight.	Today I am going to my friend's party, but first I need clean my room because it is a disaster. I will listen to music while doing that. Then I will download some content off the web and perhaps some videos and then I'll be free free for the party tonight.
My future	My Future
as I would like be animator and work in a animation´s company, I´am so creative, I like draw, paint and animate	I would like to be an animator and work in an animation studio, because I'm so creative. I like to draw, paint and animate. 
Letter to my dad.	A letter to my dad
Dear Dad: 	Dear Dad: 
Hi dad im very fine in this holidays and of course I miss you.	Hi dad! I've been doing well during the holidays. Of course I miss you.
It’s so interesting meet people from all over the world and this is very important because here I can practice my English.	It’s so interesting to meet people from all over the world and be able to practice my English while I'm here.
Sometimes I feel like something is missing but I don’t know what or why you know me very well so it’s not a big deal could be because im so sentimental when I go to travel alone for the first time in my life and when I go with someone else too.	Sometimes I feel like something is missing, but I don’t know what or why. You know me very well so it’s not a big deal. It could be because I'm so sentimental since this is my first time traveling alone.
Been here only two days it’s like you live here its amazing all the people are so kind and friendly.	I've only been here for two days and yet it feels like I live here. It's amazing! All the people are so kind and friendly.
You see culture everywhere I never seen something like this.	There's culture everywhere unlike anything I've ever experienced.
Recently I went to visit some towns very mm I can’t find the words to describe these towns but are beautiful and exciting met people to born there and they tell you all kind of histories or whatever you want to know.	Recently I went to visit some very beautiful towns. It was very exciting meeting the natives as they would tell you all kind of stories about their history or whatever else you want to know.
Well dad in another time I let you know how I feel and more because im going out tonight so I have to be ready at ten o’clock so take care I’ll try to call you later ok.	Well dad, next time I'll tell you more because I'm going out tonight and have to be ready by ten o’clock. Take care and I’ll try to call you later ok. Bye!
Love….	Love….
chio….	chio….
it isn’t much to ask, please send me money when I arrive we talk about money XD	If it isn’t too much to ask, please send me money.Though I guess when I come back we'll talk about money XD.
I love you….	I love you….
ciao….	ciao….
chio0.	chio0.
I hope see you very soon.	I hope see you very soon.
the first	The First
my bad english ...........	My bad English ...........
I will not go to Seoul	I will not go to Seoul
I need you.......................	I need you.......................
but I don't meet you....	but I can't meet you.... 
now i don't know ...	now I don't know ...
because I miss you so	because I miss you so
the distance between both it's horrible because I can`t see you 	the distance between us... it's horrible because I can`t see you 
because I can't your eyes , your face , your lips 	because I can't your eyes , your face , your lips 
why do I live here?	why do I live here?
...	...
so far from you.	so far from you.
because it's you my dream  	because it's you, my dream 
nameless	nameless
This gray day has finally succumbed 	This gray day has finally succumbed 
and far from a dream long	and far from a dream long
I would like to stop my last breath	I would like to stop my last breath
I've forgotten, as sigh for you,	I've forgotten, as sigh for you,
I do not remember when was the last time I smiled,	I do not remember when was the last time I smiled,
that my heart jump like	that my heart jump like
We currently do not remember more	We currently do not remember more
the sweet melody of your heart	the sweet melody of your heart
and not knowing if it still exists	and not knowing if it still exists
I leave ......	I leave ......
Hello everyone!~♥	Hello everyone!~♥
My name is Sol Segatorri♥ But you can call me 'Solbii' :D	My name is Sol Segatorri♥ But you can call me 'Solbii' :D
I'm a 14 years old girl from Argentina.	I'm a 14 years old girl from Argentina.
I usually speak Spanish on my daily basis ('cause it's my native language), though I've been learning English at school since I was 6 years old, since 1st grade, and now I'm on 2nd year of middle school (though here we have elementary school and secondary school, which lasts 5 years, it's not separated into middle & high school, though it's basically the same..)	I usually speak Spanish on a daily basis ('cause it's my native language), though I've been learning English at school since I was 6 years old, since 1st grade, and now I'm in my 2nd year of middle school (though here we have elementary school and secondary school, which lasts 5 years, it's not separated into middle & high school, though it's basically the same..)
I've always been just 'good' in English, but two years ago I started reading a lot, not books, actually, but fanfictions >w<' it sounds weird, but yeah, I learned a lot from reading, and then I started to learn a lot with music and movies, and now I know a lot more English than the English level at my school (though my english teacher is kinda bitchy and it's kinda hard even for the ones that know a lot of English :/)	I've always been just 'good' at English, but two years ago I started reading a lot, not books, actually, but fanfiction >w<' it sounds weird, but yeah, I learned a lot from reading, and then I started to learn a lot more from music and movies, and now I know a lot more English than the English level at my school (though my english teacher is kinda bitchy and it's kinda hard even for the ones that know a lot of English :/)
Yesterday, I wrote a short entry in Japanese.	Yesterday, I wrote a short entry in Japanese.
I've been 'learning' (if it can called 'to learn') Japanese, since july 2009, but I'm really lazy, something I actually hate, so I just know a few words, some sentences, and my grammar is really, really poor.	I've been 'learning' (if it can called ' learning') Japanese, since july 2009, but I'm really lazy, something I actually hate, so I just know a few words, some sentences, and my grammar is really, really poor.
I planned attending to Japanese classes, but they seem to expensive for my mom to pay T__T so, I think that I can't go, and I have to study by myself.	I planned on attending Japanese classes, but they seem too expensive for my mom to pay for T__T so, I think that I can't go, and I have to study by myself.
I've found a lot of resources on Internet to learn Japanese, but I think that so far the hardest thing to learn from Japanese is remembering all the on'yomi and kun'yomi readings of the kanjis, and all their meanings T__T they're a lot, though I have a good memory, I have to actually STUDY and LEARN them, not memorize them..	I've found a lot of resources on the Internet for learning Japanese, but I think that so far the hardest thing about learning Japanese is remembering all the on'yomi and kun'yomi readings of the kanji, and all their meanings T__T they're a lot to remember, though I have a good memory, I have to actually STUDY and LEARN them, not memorize them..
so, i'm in a big trouble >.<'	so, i'm in big trouble >.<'
I really like this website, it's really, really cool.	I really like this website, it's really, really cool.
I want to congratule whoever created it, it's really useful.	I want to congratulate whoever created it, it's really useful.
And I'm glad I found it ^^	And I'm glad I found it ^^
Plus, everyone is always so nice!	Plus, everyone is always so nice!
^^	^^
I'll try to correct some Spanish blog posts later, too!	I'll try to correct some Spanish blog posts later, too!
I really wanna help everyone with their studying ^^ (the ironic thing here is that, I have an F on Spanish at school >.< and it is my native language, so stupid!)	I really wanna help everyone with their studying ^^ (the ironic thing here is that, I have an F in Spanish at school >.< and it is my native language, it's so stupid!)
I promise I'll try to improve my Japanese, because it's such a shame T__T	I promise I'll try to improve my Japanese, because it's such a shame that it's so poor T__T
-Solbii	-Solbii
p.	p.
d.: sorry for the super-long post, haha ^.	d.: sorry for the super-long post, haha ^.
^'	^'
Weekend~♥	Weekend~♥
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
^^	^^
How are you doing?	How are you doing?
I'm doing well ^^	I'm doing well ^^
Right now, I'm downloading some videos from YouTube that I need to make a video for a project about Japan for Geography class ^^	Right now, I'm downloading some videos from YouTube that I need to make a video for a project about Japan for Geography class ^^
We had to choose an Asian country and I chose Japan, of course ^^	We had to choose an Asian country and I chose Japan, of course ^^
I think I'm going to choose 'Gee' by Shoujo Jidai (the Japanese ver.) as the background music.	I think I'm going to choose 'Gee' by Shoujo Jidai (the Japanese ver.) as the background music.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Also, I've been practising katakana with my classmates' names.	Also, I've been practising katakana with my classmates' names.
I know a little of katakana, but not too much.	I know a little of katakana, but not too much.
I need to practice a lot, and the project is due to Monday.	I need to practice a lot, and the project is due to Monday.
I'm going to bring some Japanese dolls made of porcelain, and small cute dolls made of wood, and a traditional fan too.	I'm going to bring some Japanese dolls made of porcelain, and small cute dolls made of wood, and a traditional fan too.
I was planning on bring also some manga of mine, but..	I was planning on bring also some manga of mine, but..
they're kind of PG-16 ('cause it has some nudity scenes >.<') and we're like 14-15 years old in my class, so it's not good.	they're kind of PG-16 ('cause it has some nudity scenes >.<') and we're like 14-15 years old in my class, so it's not good.
However, I'll bring some Asian magazines that have tons of pictures from Japan, especially Tokyo.	However, I'll bring some Asian magazines that have tons of pictures from Japan, especially Tokyo.
They're pretty beautiful.	They're pretty beautiful.
But the most important thing I have to do for this project, is studying Japanese weather propperly!	But the most important thing I have to do for this project, is studying Japanese weather propperly!
It's a bunch of complicated things about its weather, but I'll do my best.	It's a bunch of complicated things about its weather, but I'll do my best.
I'll also talk about traditional Japanese clothing, such as kimono and yukata, and other accesories.	I'll also talk about traditional Japanese clothing, such as kimono and yukata, and other accesories.
I'm pretty excited, but at the same time I'm kinda nervous because I hate talking in public, like, in front of my class >.<'	I'm pretty excited, but at the same time I'm kinda nervous because I hate talking in public, like, in front of my class >.<'
Anyways, in other news, we're going to have a 'sexuality class' on Monday.	Anyways, in other news, we're going to have a 'sexuality class' on Monday.
On Thursday, we had to write some questions on a paper (just if you wanted to), and put them in a bag, so on Monday they'd be answered by an especialist.	On Thursday, we had to write some questions on a paper (just if you wanted to), and put them in a bag, so on Monday they'd be answered by an especialist.
So on Monday, we're going to have a sex talk (last year we did have one, and it was hilarious...).	So on Monday, we're going to have a sex talk (last year we did have one, and it was hilarious...).
So I'm looking forward to it, because it's quite interesting.	So I'm looking forward to it, because it's quite interesting.
I didn't ask anything, by the way.	I didn't ask anything, by the way.
Oh!	Oh!
And also, tomorrow it's Mother's Day here in Argentina!	And also, tomorrow it's Mother's Day here in Argentina!
Ö I still didn't buy anything to my mom!	Ö I still didn't buy anything to my mom!
I wanted to buy her something especial, but she keeps saying that I don't need to spend my money, that I have to make my dad spend some of his money hahaha.	I wanted to buy her something especial, but she keeps saying that I don't need to spend my money, that I have to make my dad spend some of his money hahaha.
I'm a newbie on this Lang-8 network	I'm a newbie on the Lang-8 network
Hi everyone out there, 	Hi everyone out there, 
I'm a very passionate person on the English matter.	I'm a very passionate person regarding the English language.
I have never taken any english classes in my whole life, besides the ones back in highschool but most of my approach is due to the TV English captions, my former experience on the academic field, thanks to my Canadian friend Shanon, all my effort on not to quit and my daily fighting within this daily Spanish life.	Besides my classes in high school, I have never taken English lessons in my entire life. Most of my learning is due to the English captions on TV, my former experience in the academic field and all my effort not to quit learning.
I'm Computer's System Engineer, and I also have a Masters Degree on Public Administration, however I would like to have the opportunity of working for the UN at any part of the world on the Humanitarian Field or the related positions to it	I'm a Computer Systems Engineer. I also have a Masters Degree in Public Administration; however, I would like the opportunity to work for the UN in any part of the world. I'm interested in working in the humanitarian field or any related position.
But wether I succeed on my goal or not, I'll keep on going by helping people as good as I can.	Whether I succeed or not, I'll keep on going by helping people as much as I can.
Well, I just hope to have the opportunity to make good friends and also to improve my English skills and abroad my life fields.	Well, I just hope to have the opportunity to make good friends and also to improve my English skills, as well as, broaden my life experience.
C ya to everybody and all the comments are welcome.	C ya to everybody and all comments are welcome.
regards!.	Regards!
I'm back	I'm back
Hi, I come back after a long time.	Hi, I have come back after a long time.
Now I'm decided to Improve my english.	Now I've decided to improve my english.
I will Begin some classes with a teacher.	I will begin some classes with a teacher.
I'ts more difficult to me to write or speak the language than read or listen, is hard to me to express my ideas but it's a little more easy understand.	It's more difficult for me to write or speak the language than read or listen, it is hard for me to express my ideas but it's a little more easy to understand.
I know that is a long journey to learn a language but I really want to can communicate in English.	I know that is a long journey to learn a language but I really want to be able to communicate in English.
Bye!	Bye!
PS: I have a lot of grammar mistakes!	PS: I have a lot of grammar mistakes!
xD.	xD.
Presentation	Introduction
HI, My name is Gustavo and I am from Argentina.	HI, My name is Gustavo and I am from Argentina.
I think the web's idea is wonderfoul for learn languages and make friend of all world places.	I think this web site's idea is wonderful for learning languages and making  friends  from all over the world.
If any need help with spanish (my native language) i can help.	If you need any help with spanish (my native language),I can help.
I wish learn english because at this moment i have a very bad one.	I wish to improve my English because it isn't very good right now.
Perseverance.	Perseverance.
I know that if I'm not perseverant the goal not will come true, So I will write everyday for practice the language.	I know that if I'm not perseverant the goal not will come true, So I will write everyday for practice the language.
Although I must study for the university.	Although I must study for the university.
I am in Biology in the University of Buenos Aires, I am in the begining of the carreer.	I am in Biology in the University of Buenos Aires, I am in the begining of the carreer.
Within two weaks I have the exams of Chemistry and Physics and I need to do a lot of exercises.	Within two weaks I have the exams of Chemistry and Physics and I need to do a lot of exercises.
Tomorrow I will gathering with my classmates for this reason.	Tomorrow I will gathering with my classmates for this reason.
I need to learn english also for the university, because some books are in this language, the new editions slow (tardan en ser traducidos??) to be traslated and we read in the original language.	I need to learn english also for the university, because some books are in this language, the new editions slow to be translated and we read in the original language.
Ok, this is all for today.	Ok, this is all for today.
The next time I will write about a general topic or a story.	The next time I will write about a general topic or a story.
Bye!	Bye!
P.	P.
S: I have problems for not use "I" all the time.	S: I have problems for not use "I" all the time.
Any tip?	Any tip?
I must study xD	I must study xD
Today i go to the "fair of the book" (feria del libro) and return to my house recently.	Today,I went to a book fair and recently returned to my house.
I must study for the next exams but i will go to watch some chapters of "The big bang theory" serie at this moment, hehe =P	Right now,I must study for my upcoming exams but I will go watch some episodes of "The big bang theory" instead, hehe =P
See you later!	See you later!
Practice	Practice
I have not topic for this message so I will write about my desire of learning English.	I do not  have a  topic for this message so I will write about my desire to learn English.
I want to read a lot of books and papers of my field (psychology) that are in this language, also I would like to chat with people of others countrys, the different cultures are very interesting for me.	I want to read a lot of books and papers from my field (psychology) that are in this language.I would also like to chat with people from other countries.Different cultures are very interesting to me.
Finally I want to speak correctly for comunicate orally.	Finally I want to speak correctly when communicating orally.
Bye bye!	Bye bye!
Gustavo.	Gustavo.
lecture	lecture
DOn'T MIND ABOUT COMMAS, CAPITOL LETTERS ETC...	DOn'T MIND ABOUT COMMAS, CAPITOL LETTERS ETC...
I JUST WANT YOU TO CORRECT THE GRAMMAR STRUCTURE AND WORDS PLEASE	I JUST WANT YOU TO CORRECT THE GRAMMAR STRUCTURE AND WORDS PLEASE
The culture is so important because people have different ways to perceive, visualize and act about the world, therefore make business.	The culture is so important because people have different ways to perceive, visualize and act about the world, therefore make business.
The culture in international business transcend the visible aspects such as food, clothes and greetings, including the way of thinking and the different opinions about  the same reality.	The culture in international business transcend the visible aspects such as food, clothes and greetings, including the way of thinking and the different opinions about  the same reality.
Why is it so important to study cultures?	Why is it so important to study cultures?
Because those who comprehend the culture have the opportunity to develop successful and long-term business affairs, if you don´t to do that, you will have terrible experiences.	Because those who comprehend the culture have the opportunity to develop successful and long-term business affairs, if you don´t to do that, you will have terrible experiences.
For example one American businessman produces golf’s balls and he wants to sell them in china, but, his sales got down because he packs the4 balls per package, that number in china means death.	For example one American businessman produces golf’s balls and he wants to sell them in china, but, his sales got down because he packs the4 balls per package, that number in china means death.
How the influence of a culture can affect on business?	How the influence of a culture can affect on business?
The executive, who make business with international companies need to have more sensitivity about the differences among cultures and the importance to treat them in the right way.	The executive, who make business with international companies need to have more sensitivity about the differences among cultures and the importance to treat them in the right way.
For instance: errors that could be avoided easily.	For instance: errors that could be avoided easily.
The local strategies don’t work abroad as they were planned, and businesses need to be changed to fit the culture.	The local strategies don’t work abroad as they were planned, and businesses need to be changed to fit the culture.
What basic aspects should be considered?	What basic aspects should be considered?
Should be considered:	Should be considered:
Attitude in business	Attitude in business
Punctuality	Punctuality
Make presents	Make presents
Greetings	Greetings
Gestures	Gestures
Colors	Colors
Numbers	Numbers
For example the punctuality is different in every culture.	For example the punctuality is different in every culture.
The Japanese and The German are the most punctual people you’ll ever meet.	The Japanese and The German are the most punctual people you’ll ever meet.
To give presents, the businessmen need to know in what moment is correct to give it, also it’s important the place, color, kind of present and how many presents are appropriate to give them.	To give presents, the businessmen need to know in what moment is correct to give it, also it’s important the place, color, kind of present and how many presents are appropriate to give them.
The little details are important because they can determine the success of a negotiation, we need to remember that the culture differences are important and that one little detail in west doesn’t have importance but it could be rude in east.	The little details are important because they can determine the success of a negotiation, we need to remember that the culture differences are important and that one little detail in west doesn’t have importance but it could be rude in east.
I recommend you to spend time reading about history, geography, economy, culture about the country or city you’re going to visit.	I recommend you to spend time reading about history, geography, economy, culture about the country or city you’re going to visit.
differences	differences
Can you explain me the differences between:	Can you explain me the differences between:
I like to swim	I like to swim
and	and
I like swimming	I like swimming
and	and
She didn't leave me 	She didn't leave me 
and	and
She wouldn't leave me (talking in past)	She wouldn't leave me (talking in past)
College and University is the same?	College and University is the same?
please?	please?
I have to hand it to my teacher before saturday	I have to hand it to my teacher before Saturday
My homework consists in to write a difficult situation I have overcome, upload it here and then print my composition and the corrections that you guys will make me =)	My homework consists of writing about a difficult situation that I have overcome, uploading it here, and then printing my composition and the corrections that you guys have made :)
I think that the most difficult situation that I’ve been in it’s now, well, to be exactly It was when I dropped the normal high school and subscribed myself into another high school but in open system.	I think that the most difficult situation that I've been in is when I dropped normal high school and entered myself into another high school which was in an open system.
I made that decision because I was a mess at high school, when my classes started at 7am I arrived at 10:30am sometimes I didn’t even arrive or If I was in school I was outside the classroom slacking with friends or If I was in the classroom I was absent-minded or laughing with some mates or trying not to sleep or doing anything else except what I had to do.	I made that decision because I was a mess at high school. When my classes started at 7am I arrived at 10.30am, and sometimes I didn't arrive at all. When I was in school I would be outside the classroom slacking off with friends, or if I was in the classroom I would be absent-minded, or laughing with some mates, or trying not to fall asleep - or doing anything except what I was supposed to do.
you won’t believe this but even though you won’t, It was kind of hard being there because my classes were from 7am to 2:30pm (different subjects of course and with 2 breaks of 20 minutes each one) , and from 3pm to 6pm I had my “extra” classes  all week long!.	You won't believe this, but it was kind of hard being there because my classes were from 7am to 2.30pm (different subjects of course, and with 2 breaks of 20 minutes each time), and then from 3-6pm I had my 'extra' classes all week long!
I got out of that high school and my mom supported me until I told her that I was going to subscribe myself into another high school but in open system, she freaked out and told me not to do that, that I may regret it that It’ll be better to subscribe myself in another normal high school , I didn’t listen to her and I subscribed myself in the high school of open system, I should’ve listened to her., There’s been 2 years since I made that decision, 2 years of hearing my parents asking me about how’s the high school doing, 2 years trying to finish high school(It seems that in September I’m done with it, I really hope so), A lot of time doing nothing, I never got used to it , that’s why I started to learn German and keep learning English .	I got out of that high school and my mom supported me until I told her that I was going to enter myself into another high school, but an open system one. She freaked out and told me not to do that, that I may regret it, and that it was better to go to another normal high school. I didn't listen to her and I went into the open system high school. I should've listened to her. It's been 2 years since I made that decision - 2 years of hearing my parents ask me about how I am doing at high school, and 2 years trying to finish high school (although it seems that in September I will be done with it - I really hope so). A lot of time doing nothing. I never got used to it - that's why I started learning German and continued learning English. 
Nowadays I’m still taking languages lessons and in the mornings I’m going to 3hrs classes to apply for a university because next year for sure I’ll be studying my career.	Nowadays I'm still taking language lessons, and in the mornings I'm going to 3 hours of classes so that I can apply to university. Next year for sure I'll be studying toward my career.
Curious Fact: I have 3 sisters and one of them went through the same situation but for different reasons, when she was in “disgrace” I teased her, I made fun of her and now she is happily studying her career, now you can figure out who is teasing me and making fun of me, right?	Curious fact: I have 3 sisters and one of them went through the same situation but for different reasons. When she was in 'disgrace' I teased her, I made fun of her, and now she is happily studying for her career. Now you can figure out who is teasing me and making fun of me, right?
Yeah, Karma is a bitch!	Yeah, karma is a bitch!
I wish....	I wish....
do they mean the same?	do they mean the same?
I wish the tour was coming to Mexico	I wish the tour was coming to Mexico
I wish the tour came to Mexico	I wish the tour came to Mexico
---------------------	---------------------
do they mean the same?	do they mean the same?
I wish I didn't make that desicion	I wish I didn't make that desicion
I wish I wouldn't make that desicion	I wish I wouldn't make that desicion
I wish I wouldn't have done that desicion	I wish I wouldn't have done that desicion
Redacción en inglés, QUE TENGO ENTREGAR MAÑANA!!!! bufffffffffff	Redacción en inglés, QUE TENGO ENTREGAR MAÑANA!!!! bufffffffffff
Hola, está es la redacción que me gustaría me revisarais:	Hola, está es la redacción que me gustaría me revisarais:
Hello classmates, I am going to tell a history, is a urban legends, that is told by people in my city and not scared at all people.	Hello classmates, I am going to tell a history, is a urban legends, that is told by people in my city and not scared at all people.
Around city,  there is an old house in ruins.	Around city,  there is an old house in ruins.
In this house, thirty years ago nobody lives there, but a man was looking every night.	In this house, thirty years ago nobody lives there, but a man was looking every night.
The people told, that this man in the dark made a horrible noise in the house, and he was a face pale and thin.	The people told, that this man in the dark made a horrible noise in the house, and he was a face pale and thin.
The police approached the house because the neighbors were afraid, they thinked that was a ghost.	The police approached the house because the neighbors were afraid, they thinked that was a ghost.
But the police found a thief, and during a few days the noise disappeared.	But the police found a thief, and during a few days the noise disappeared.
In spite of this, the noise followed listening, and the people say now that in the house there is a ghost.	In spite of this, the noise followed listening, and the people say now that in the house there is a ghost.
Today the house has been buy for build a hotel, but people talk about the mistery will be continue in the hotel.	Today the house has been buy for build a hotel, but people talk about the mistery will be continue in the hotel.
because the ghost again is in the hotel.	because the ghost again is in the hotel.
You do thinks that this history, is true or false???	You do thinks that this history, is true or false???
Song 	Song 
If let us, go us to love all life,	If let us, go us to love all life,
If let us, go us to live a new world.	If let us, go us to live a new world.
I believe can us see , the new dawn of a new day.	I believe can us see , the new dawn of a new day.
I think that you and I, we can be happy still.	I think that you and I, we can be happy still.
If let us.	If let us.
If let us.	If let us.
Daugther's Mariachi.	Daugther's Mariachi.
My first day here :-)	My first day here :-)
Hi everybody.	Hi everybody.
I'm from Colombia.	I'm from Colombia.
I love Internet.	I love the Internet.
It is a real pleasure to surf English Communities like this.	It is a real pleasure to surf English communities like this one.
Let's see how everything goes.	Let's see how everything goes.
Thanks in advance to all.	Thanks in advance to everyone.
Jorge C.	Jorge C.
Yoga makes you feel fresh as a daisy ;)	Yoga makes you feel fresh as a daisy ;)
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
well to me, Yoga is an experience involving body, mind, emotions and spirit.	For me, Yoga is an experience involving body, mind, emotions and spirit.
The Sanskrit word yoga means "to control" or "to unite".	The Sanskrit word yoga means "to control" or "to unite".
A good translation for this word would be “the experience of unity".	A good translation for this word would be “the experience of unity".
Yoga first arose more than five thousand years ago in India.	Yoga first arose more than five thousand years ago in India.
It grew from the need to develop an understanding of the various aspects of our experience in this life, from the physical through to the abstract.	It grew from the need to develop an understanding of the various aspects of our experience in this life, from the physical through to the abstract.
Throughout history it has proved as an invaluable tool for dealing with the various challenges of human existence.	Throughout history it has proved as an invaluable tool for dealing with the various challenges of human existence.
Outside India, the term yoga is typically associated with the so called: Hatha Yoga and its asanas (postures).	Outside India, the term yoga is typically associated with the so called: Hatha Yoga and its asanas (postures).
Yoga is believed to calm the nervous system and balance our body, mind, and spirit.	Yoga is believed to calm the nervous system and balance our body, mind, and spirit.
It is thought by its practitioners to prevent specific diseases  by keeping the energy points open and  Prana (or life energy) flowing.	It is thought by its practitioners to prevent specific diseases  by keeping the energy points open and  Prana (or life energy) flowing.
Yoga has been used to lower blood pressure, it reduce stress, and it improves  coordination, flexibility, concentration, sleep, and digestion.	Yoga has been used to lower blood pressure, reduce stress, and it improves coordination, flexibility, concentration, sleep, and digestion.
Yoga is usually practised in classes that range from 60 to 90 minutes in length (aprox).	Yoga is usually practised in classes that range from 60 to 90 minutes in length (aprox).
In a typical yoga class you'll practise the following principles: 	In a typical yoga class you'll practise the following principles: 
•First principle Asana (or body postures) it involves a set of twenty six poses, done at this temperature.	•The first principle Asana (or body postures) involves a set of twenty six poses, done at this temperature.
This promotes profuse sweating, which is said to help the body rid of toxins.	This promotes profuse sweating, which is said to help the body rid of toxins.
The temperature also promotes flexibility.	The temperature also promotes flexibility.
•Second principle is Pranayama (or breathing control) this helps us achieve a calmer and more focused mind, and increases the energy level.	•The second principle is Pranayama (or breathing control) this helps us achieve a calmer and more focused mind, and increases the energy level.
•The third principle is Savasana (corpse/relaxing pose) y releasing tension in the muscles and putting our whole body at rest, you revitalise your nervous system, and if executed well, achieve inner peace making you feel relaxed.	•The third principle is Savasana (corpse/relaxing pose) by releasing tension in the muscles and putting our whole body at rest, you revitalise your nervous system, and if executed well, achieve inner peace making you feel relaxed.
•And forth is Dhyana (or meditation) positive thinking and meditation will help remove negative thoughts and put your mind under control.	•And the fourth is Dhyana (or meditation): positive thinking and meditation will help remove negative thoughts and put your mind under control.
After this...	After this...
you feel totally refreshed.	you feel totally refreshed
Ready to start a new day ;) 	and ready to start a new day ;) 
Thanks for reading this!	Thanks for reading this!
:D	:D
Help please! D:	Help please! D:
Hello everyone!, is the following text correct?	Hello everyone!, is the following text correct?
HELP!	HELP!
ENGLISH CLASS	ENGLISH CLASS
2.	2.
– DESCRIPTION OF THE SUBJECT 	– DESCRIPTION OF THE SUBJECT 
Theoretical – practical subject oriented to the development of the English proficiency in an elementary – pre intermediate level in both listening comprehension and oral production of the language.	Theoretical and practical study focused on the development of English proficiency to a elementary / pre intermediate level, in both listening comprehension and oral production of the language.
3.	3.
– GENERAL OBJECTIVES	– GENERAL OBJECTIVES
- Contribute to the internalization of colloquial lexicon by a continuous practice of the language.	- Contribute to the internalization of colloquial lexicon by a continuous practice of the language.
- Develop the skill of producing English in the oral and written aspects in an elementary – pre intermediate level.	- Develop the skill of producing oral and written aspects of English to a elementary / pre intermediate level.
- Develop the ability of English production in both, oral and written aspects in real life situations, using correctly the vocabulary, pronunciation, grammatical structure and the proper idioms at an elementary – pre intermediate level.	- Develop the ability to produce oral and written English in real life situations, using the vocabulary, pronunciation, grammatical structure and the proper idioms correctly at an elementary / pre intermediate level.
- Learn more colloquial and concrete lexicon in order to introduce the student to more abstract and specific vocabulary.	- Learn a more colloquial and concrete lexicon in order to introduce the student to more abstract and specific vocabulary.
4.	4.
– UNITS	– UNITS
5.	5.
– CONTENTS BY UNITS	– CONTENTS BY UNITS
6.	6.
– ASSESSMENT	– ASSESSMENT
There will be 3 tests in the semester.	There will be 3 tests in the semester.
The teacher will apply some short and periodical quizzes in the semester, as many as the teacher considers right.	The teacher will apply some short quizzes periodically in the semester.
All the evaluations above mentioned will have a weight of 60% of the final grade.	All the evaluations mentioned above will have a weight of 60% of the final grade.
The other 40% will be a listening comprehension test at the end of the semester	The other 40% will be a listening comprehension test at the end of the semester.
15% quizzes 	15% quizzes 
15% 1st Oral – written test	15% 1st Oral – written test
15% 2nd Oral – written test	15% 2nd Oral – written test
15% 3rd Oral – written test 	15% 3rd Oral – written test 
40% listening test 	40% listening test 
7.	7.
– METHODOLOGY	– METHODOLOGY
Is has an eclectic approach that combines the cognitive model as well as direct methods of teaching.	It has an eclectic approach that combines the cognitive model as well as direct teaching methods.
Constant development of the lexicon related to colloquial and simple topics.	The students' lexicon for colloquial and simple topics will be constantly developed.
Permanent usage of the lexicon in conversations guided by the teacher, group and individual work, dialogue and paragraph making, role plays and communicative games guided by the teacher; listening comprehension activities.	Continuous usage of the lexicon in conversations guided by the teacher, group and individual work, dialogue and paragraph making, role plays and communicative games guided by the teacher; listening comprehension activities.
"What should I do next year"	"What should I do next year"
I've been thinking about what should I do next year...	I've been thinking about what I should do next year...
because on December I'll graduate from the University, but I don't want to work right away...	because in December I'll graduate from the University, but I don't want to work right away...
should I take a long vacation?	should I take a long vacation?
(I deserve that, but it's kind of lazy, isn't it?)	(I deserve that, but it's kind of lazy, isn't it?)
should I study something else, in order to feel more prepared for the cruel world?	should I study something else, in order to feel more prepared for the cruel world?
xD!	xD!
should I travel and practice my English, Japanese, and Portuguese?	should I travel and practice my English, Japanese, and Portuguese?
(but I need tons of money to do that xD)	(but I need tons of money to do that xD)
or finally, should I mix everything and work in a cruise?	or finally, should I mix everything and work on a cruise?
Thinking about the future is difficult!.	Thinking about the future is difficult!.
In the meantime, I'll prepare my dinner and think about the "inmortalidad del cangrejo"( Do you have a phrase like that in English?	In the meantime, I'll prepare my dinner and think about the "inmortalidad del cangrejo"( Do you have a phrase like that in English?
"Thinking about the immortality of the crab"?	"Thinking about the immortality of the crab"?
:D	:D
A letter of application	A letter of application
This is my answer to one of the excercises in my FCE cousebook.	This is my answer to one of the excercises in my FCE coursebook.
My answer:	My answer:
Dear Mrs Benson,	Dear Mrs Benson,
I am writing to apply for the position of bookseller which I saw advertised in a newspaper.	I am writing to apply for the position of bookseller which I saw advertised in a newspaper.
I believe I have all the necessary skills and qualifications for this post as I already have two years’ experience working in a bookshop.	I believe I have all the necessary skills and qualifications for this post as I already have two years’ experience working in a bookshop.
I am currently preparing for the Cambridge First Certificate in English Examination and I am able to carry out most day-to-day tasks in English.	I am currently preparing for the Cambridge First Certificate in English Examination and I am able to carry out most day-to-day tasks in English.
In addition, I am hard-working and responsible.	In addition, I am hard-working and responsible.
I am computer literate and I enjoy reading books.	I am computer literate and I enjoy reading books.
I would like the opportunity to work for an International Bookshop because this job would offer me more experience in this professional field and would be a great opportunity for me to improve my speaking and conversational skills.	I would like the opportunity to work for an International Bookshop because this job would offer me more experience in this professional field and would be a great opportunity for me to improve my speaking and conversational skills.
I would be happy to attend an interview at a time convenient to you.	I would be happy to attend an interview at a time convenient for you.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require any further information.	Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require any further information.
I hope to hear from you in the near future.	I hope to hear from you in the near future.
Yours sincerely	Yours sincerely
Daniel, 	Daniel, 
(I TRIED TO USE THE MORE FORMAL FORMAL STYLE I COULD BUT PLEASE CORRECT IT IF THE STYLE IS NOT APPROPIATE FOR THE SITUATION)	(I TRIED TO USE THE MOST FORMAL STYLE I COULD BUT PLEASE CORRECT IT IF THE STYLE IS NOT APPROPRIATE FOR THE SITUATION)
Reading Paper Part 3	Reading Paper Part 3
Well, that's the third and last part of the test...(and the most difficult for me, too!)	Well, that's the third and last part of the test...(and the most difficult for me, too!)
Informal email	Informal email
Still revising for my exam:	Still revising for my exam:
Dear Jack,	Dear Jack,
Thanks for your email.	Thanks for your email.
It thought I’d better drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about getting together again.	It thought I’d better drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about getting together again.
I’ve been working nonstop on my exams recently and, honestly, I think I need to let off some steam and hang out with friends.	I’ve been working nonstop on my exams recently and, honestly, I think I need to let off some steam and hang out with friends.
I guess it would be a good idea to go to see “Murder Mystery" at the Alhambra Theater.	I guess it would be a good idea to go to see “Murder Mystery" at the Alhambra Theater.
You see, the last performance is on Sunday at eight o’clock so I wouldn’t like to miss the opportunity to go, as the reviews are excellent!	You see, the last performance is on Sunday at eight o’clock so I wouldn’t want to miss the opportunity to go, as the reviews are excellent!
Listen, I’ve emailed Sue and Milo to ask them if they want to join us and they said they do.	Listen, I’ve emailed Sue and Milo to ask them if they want to join us and they said they do.
They suggested that we go for a meal afterwards so I was wondering if you might like to go to Gino’s pizzas.	They suggested that we go for a meal afterwards so I was wondering if you might like to go to Gino’s Pizzas.
My sister’s been there and says the food's pretty good and a great deal!(do you know another informal word to say "cheap"?)	My sister’s been there and says the food's pretty good and a great deal!
I must get going now.	I must get going now.
Keep in touch.	Keep in touch.
All the best.	All the best.
Daniel,	Daniel,
Reading Paper	Reading Paper
This is a model test of the Reading Paper of my FCE exam (the exam consists of 5 parts: READING, WRITING, USE OF ENGLISH, LISTENING and SPEAKING).	This is a model test of the Reading Paper of my FCE exam (the exam consists of 5 parts: READING, WRITING, USE OF ENGLISH, LISTENING and SPEAKING).
This paper is divided in three parts and lasts an hour...	This paper is divided in three parts and lasts an hour...
The thing is that this test belongs to a book without the answer key and I'm not able to check whether I'm right or wrong...	The thing is that this test belongs to a book without the answer key and I'm not able to check whether I'm right or wrong...
My answers are marked in the sheets...	My answers are marked on the sheets...
Could you tell me if they're right?	Could you tell me if they're right?
I'm posting just the first part because I don't want to make my journal too long..	I'm posting just the first part because I don't want to make my journal too long..
I'll carry on posting the others two parts once I get your responses...!	I'll carry on posting the other two parts once I get your responses...!
Sorry if the texts are too basic to you or even ridiculous...	Sorry if the texts are too basic to you or even ridiculous...
Sometimes it's hard to understand everything in such a short amount of time...	Sometimes it's hard to understand everything in such a short amount of time...
Preparation for the FCE exam: My first short story 	Preparation for the FCE exam: My first short story 
The story MUST begin with "That day, my life changed forever".	The story MUST begin with "That day, my life changed forever".
(The theme of this story is given by my coursebook so I cannot change it.	(The theme of this story is given by my coursebook so I cannot change it.
I did my best to make it sound cool)	I did my best to make it sound cool)
My answer:	My answer:
That day, my life changed forever.	That day, my life changed forever.
After I had got back from work, my friends Hugh and Susan turned up at home without any warning.	After I had got back from work, my friends Hugh and Susan turned up at home without any warning.
They looked excited and yet worried, as if they had something important to tell me.	They looked excited and yet worried, as if they had something important to tell me.
"You've got to help us raise funds for our local hospital.	"You've got to help us raise funds for our local hospital.
Otherwise, it will close!” said Susan hopefully.	Otherwise, it will close!” said Susan hopefully.I would not say hopefully here, you would use hopefully when you want something to happen, I would say something like dramatically, or hoping to convince me.
Huge was clearer and explained everything to me.	Hugh was clearer and explained everything to me.
They would take part in a 6-day 90 km sponsored walk of the Great Wall of China and wanted me to join them.	They were going to take part in a 6-day 90 km sponsored walk of the Great Wall of China and wanted me to join them.
Needless to say, I accepted at once and some days later we were beginning the walk!	Needless to say, I accepted at once and some days later we were beginning the walk!
Although we had been trained before, Susan appeared to be out of breath all the time.	Although we had been trained before, Susan appeared to be out of breath the whole time.
Although we had been trained before, Susan appeared to be out of breath all the time.	Although we had trained before, Susan appeared to be out of breath all the time.been trained is someone teaching you to do something. Trained is just preparing for.
Suddenly, in the middle of the walk, I turned away and realized she had disappeared!	Suddenly, in the middle of the walk, I turned around and realized she had disappeared!
I was absolutely astonished and started to look for Susan everywhere.	I was absolutely astonished and started to look for Susan everywhere.
Hugh, who had not noticed what was going on up until this moment, began shouting desperately.	Hugh, who had not noticed what was going on up until this moment, began shouting desperately.
And it was then when Susan appeared running towards us apologising for stopping to have a rest!	And it was then that Susan appeared running towards us apologising for stopping to have a rest!Now I am not sure about this but is just doesn't sound right to me then when, it would be much easier to say Suddenly Susan appeared.
Huge got really upset and continued walking, but Susan, who had a way with words, coped well and made it up with him in a matter of minutes.	Huge got really upset and continued walking, but Susan, who had a way with words, coped well and made it up with him in a matter of minutes.
We felt very proud of ourselves when we finished the walk.	We felt very proud of ourselves when we finished the walk.
It had been really hard and time-consuming but the hospital would continue working.	It had been really hard and time-consuming but the hospital would continue operating.
It had been really hard and time-consuming but the hospital would continue working.	It had been really hard and time-consuming but the hospital will continue working.
Naturally, we hope we will do something similar soon - but Huge refuses to do it with Susan!	Naturally, we hope we will do something similar again soon - but Huge refuses to do it with Susan!
Everyday English	Everyday English
My teacher gave me this sheet last year.	My teacher gave me this sheet last year.
It has some common(?) informal expressions and, once again, I'd like to know if they are common at all.	It has some common(?) informal expressions and, once again, I'd like to know if they are common at all.
The chart is completed with my handwriting...	The chart is completed with my handwriting...
But first of all, I'd like to thanks everybody for the helping hand you're giving me with my English understanding!	But first of all, I'd like to thank everybody for the helping hand you've given me with my English understanding!
But first of all, I'd like to thanks everybody for the helping hand you're giving me with my English understanding!	But first of all, I'd like to thank everybody for the helping hand you're giving me with my English understanding!
Note: There are so many expressions that I'm not expecting a detailed explanation...	Note: There are so many expressions that I'm not expecting a detailed explanation...
I just wanna know if they are mainly used or not...	I just wanna know if they are commonly used or not...
Thanks again!	Thanks again!
An informal letter to an English-speaking friend	An informal letter to an English-speaking friend
Once more, I'm practising my informal English for my next exam:	Once more, I'm practising my informal English for my next exam:
Dear Hugh, 	Dear Hugh, 
I thought I’d better drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about giving you a helping hand with your project at school.	I thought I’d better drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about giving you a helping hand with your project at school.
Well, I think my favourite website is Lang 8, a place for learning and practicing foreign languages where native speakers correct your writing pieces.	Well, I think my favorite website is Lang 8, a place for learning and practicing foreign languages where native speakers correct your writing.
You’d best have a look at it!	You should take a look at it!
It has really changed my way of learning English and, what’s more, I made some very reliable American friends!	It has really changed my way of learning English and, what’s more, I made some very reliable American friends!
I would write down my writing pieces and wait for my teacher to correct it, but now I can check if they are right or wrong in a matter of seconds!	I would write down my texts and wait for my teacher to correct them, but now I can check if they are right or wrong in a matter of minutes!
Even with the clearest explanations!	Even with the clearest explanations!
Needless to say, Lang 8 has helped me learn lots of new expressions, idioms, slang and so on.	Needless to say, Lang 8 has helped me learn lots of new expressions, idioms, slang and so on.
Eventually, I correct Spanish compositions as well and feel I’m useful and helpful.	Sometimes, I correct Spanish compositions as well and feel I’m useful and helpful.
I’m really on cloud nine!	I’m really on cloud nine!
Anyway, I must dash now and carry on with my homework.	Anyway, I must get going now and carry on with my homework.
I hope this will help you.	I hope this will help you.
All the best, write back soon.	All the best, write back soon.
Daniel,	Daniel,
I'd also like to know how to make it look more American because I'm also interested in AmE!	I'd also like to know how to make it look more American because I'm also interested in AmE!
Could you tell me some expressions more common in the USA than the ones I wrote (that are likely to be BrE)?	Could you tell me some expressions more common in the USA than the ones I wrote (that are likely to be BrE)?
However used as a conjunction	However used as a conjunction
"However ridiculous" it may sound....	"However ridiculous" it may sound....
I have doubts with this very structure..	I have doubts with this very structure..
It is always the same...	It is always the same...
I'm able to handle English grammar properly but hardly any book explains the register and the style of this sort of expressions...	I'm able to handle English grammar properly but hardly any book explains the register and the style of this sort of expressions...
To my non-native ears, INVERSION is used in formal English....	To my non-native ears, INVERSION is used in formal English....
As I was looking for a good synonym ("No matter how...", for instance, which is rather informal[?]), it reminded me of the poem "INVICTUS":	As I was looking for a good synonym ("No matter how...", for instance, which is rather informal[?]), it reminded me of the poem "INVICTUS":
IT MATTERS NOT HOW STRAIGHT THE GATE,	IT MATTERS NOT HOW STRAIGHT THE GATE,
HOW CHARGED WITH PUNISHMENT THE SCROLL,	HOW CHARGED WITH PUNISHMENT THE SCROLL,
I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE,	I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE,
I AM THE CAPTAIN OF MY SOUL...	I AM THE CAPTAIN OF MY SOUL...
"It matters not..." sounds quite formal...	"It matters not..." sounds quite formal...
Anyway, What do you think?	Anyway, What do you think?
Am I right?	Am I right?
Or is English grammar driving me crazy?	Or is English grammar driving me crazy?
=P	=P
Words meaning VERY	Words meaning VERY
I found an interesting unit called "Very" in one of my books on English Idioms.	I found an interesting unit called "Very" in one of my books on English Idioms.
I think they are more common in BrE but maybe it's the same in AmE.	I think they are more common in BrE but maybe it's the same in AmE.
I also wanna know if they're worth studying and using in everyday conversations	I also wanna know if they're worth studying and using in everyday conversations.
I've also found some reliable examples in my monolingual dictionary:	I've also found some reliable examples in my monolingual dictionary:
1.	1.
BONE DRY: The path is dry as a bone.	BONE DRY: The path is dry as a bone.
2.	2.
RAZOR SHARP: Its teeth are razor sharp.	RAZOR SHARP: Its teeth are razor sharp.
3.	3.
PAPER THIN: Keep your voice down-the walls are paper thin.	PAPER THIN: Keep your voice down-the walls are paper thin.
(also wafer thin?)	(also wafer thin?)
4.	4.
STARK NAKED:No examples, but my dictionary says that in AmE is more common to say: buck naked/naked as a jaybird (is that true?)	STARK NAKED:No examples, but my dictionary says that in AmE is more common to say: buck naked/naked as a jaybird (is that true?)
5.	5.
BRAND NEW: Jake arrived in his brand new car.	BRAND NEW: Jake arrived in his brand new car.
6.	6.
WIDE AWAKE: The noise brought him wide awake.	WIDE AWAKE: The noise brought him wide awake.
7.	7.
PITCH BLACK: I couldn't find it, my dictionaty proposes JET/INKY BLACK (meaning very dark) What do you think?	PITCH BLACK: I couldn't find it, my dictionaty proposes JET/INKY BLACK (meaning very dark) What do you think?
Does it exist?	Does it exist?
8.	8.
FAST ASLEEP(also SOUND ASLEEP):No examples, just the definition (sleeping deeply)	FAST ASLEEP(also SOUND ASLEEP):No examples, just the definition (sleeping deeply)
9.	9.
DIRT CHEAP: This coat was dirt cheap.	DIRT CHEAP: This coat was dirt cheap.
10.	10.
ROCK BOTTOM: I couldn't find it and I have doubts about its meaning.	ROCK BOTTOM: I couldn't find it and I have doubts about its meaning.
11.	11.
DEAD EASY: I couldn't find it, either.	DEAD EASY: I couldn't find it, either.
I understand the meaning though.	I understand the meaning though.
Blissfully happy	Blissfully happy
I'm learning some interesting collocations in English and "blissfully happy" caught my attention.	I'm learning some interesting collocations in English and "blissfully happy" caught my attention.
It's a strong collocation and a synonym for VERY HAPPY.	It's a strong collocation and a synonym for VERY HAPPY.
However, I was wondering whether this expression is proper to informal or formal English.	However, I was wondering whether this expression is proper to informal or formal English.
To my way of thinking, I suppose it's formal or at least neutral.	To my way of thinking, I suppose it's formal or at least neutral.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Does it sound natural to you?	Does it sound natural to you?
Is the subjunctive mood dead?	Is the subjunctive mood dead?
"If I were you, I would...." 	"If I were you, I would...." 
This structure is pretty well-known to me, as I've studied it for a couple of years and you can see it in any grammar english book or coursebook for ESL students.	This structure is pretty well-known to me, as I've studied it for a couple of years and you can see it in any grammar english book or coursebook for ESL students.
I've read some articles claiming that it is dying slowly...	I've read some articles claiming that it is dying slowly...
What do you think?	What do you think?
LEARNING A LANGUAGE	LEARNING A LANGUAGE
My teacher gave me this poem last year when I was starting classes for my next exam.	My teacher gave me this poem last year when I was starting classes for my next exam.
I found it really useful and I think it's motivating and encouraging...	I found it really useful and I think it's motivating and encouraging...
LEARNING A LANGUAGE	LEARNING A LANGUAGE
Learning a language	Learning a language
is like doing a jigsaw puzzle	is like doing a jigsaw puzzle
of a million pieces	of a million pieces
with a picture that keeps changing.	with a picture that keeps changing.
It's like getting lost in a foreign city	It's like getting lost in a foreign city
without a map.	without a map.
It's like playing tennis without a ball,	It's like playing tennis without a ball,
like being an ant in a field of grasshoppers.	like being an ant in a field of grasshoppers.
It's being an acrobat with a broken leg,	It's being an acrobat with a broken leg,
an actor without a script,	an actor without a script,
a carpenter without a saw,	a carpenter without a saw,
a storyteller without a middle or an end.	a storyteller without a middle or an end.
But then gradually	But then gradually
it¹s like being out in the early morning	it¹s like being out in the early morning
with the mists lifting.	with the mists lifting.
It¹s like a chink of light under a door,	It¹s like a chink of light under a door,
like finding the glove you were looking for,	like finding the glove you were looking for,
catching the train you thought you were going to miss,	catching the train you thought you were going to miss,
getting an unlooked-for present,	getting an unlooked-for present,
exchanging a smile.	exchanging a smile.
And then one day it's like riding a bicycle	And then one day it's like riding a bicycle
very fast downhill.	very fast downhill.
Olivia McMahon	Olivia McMahon
Idioms meaning HAPPY	Idioms meaning HAPPY
I've came across some idioms meaning HAPPY.	I've come across some idioms meaning HAPPY.
Since I make very effort to sound natural (which really helps me write personal letters), I was wondering if real native speakers use those kinds of expressions.	Since I make a big effort to sound natural (which really helps me write personal letters), I was wondering if real native speakers use these kinds of expressions.
I guess they do, but are they EVEN more common than HAPPY itself in spoken English?	I guess they do, but are they EVEN more common than HAPPY itself in spoken English?
1.	1.
FEEL ON TOP OF THE WORLD 	FEEL ON TOP OF THE WORLD 
2.	2.
THRILLED TO BITS/PIECES 	THRILLED TO BITS/PIECES 
3.	3.
WALK ON AIR 	WALK ON AIR 
4.	4.
FULL OF THE JOYS OF SPRING (My dictionary adds it's used humorously)	FULL OF THE JOYS OF SPRING (My dictionary adds it's used humorously)
An informal letter giving news	An informal letter giving news
The task: 	The task: 
"You are studying abroad in an English-speaking country.	"You are studying abroad in an English-speaking country.
Write a letter to your pen friend, describing the school and saying what you like most and what you like least about the school"	Write a letter to your pen friend, describing the school and saying what you like most and what you like least about the school"
My answer:	My answer:
Dear Hugh,	Dear Hugh,
I thought I’d drop you a line to let you know what I’ve been up to lately.	I thought I’d drop you a line to let you know what I’ve been up to lately.
I’ve just come to England to improve my English and joined a school that my friend had recommended to me.	I’ve just come to England to improve my English and joined a school that my friend had recommended to me.
Honestly, I think it was the best choice I’ve ever made!	Honestly, I think it was the best choice I’ve ever made!
The teachers are really encouraging and motivating and I’m learning a great deal from them.	The teachers are really encouraging and motivating and I’m learning a great deal from them.
They’ve even offered to show me the city around!	They’ve even offered to show me around the city!
What’s more, the school is very spacious and is near my location so I can talk to my neighbours as I’m walking to it!	What’s more, the school is very spacious and is near my location so I can talk to my neighbours as I’m walking to it!
On top of that, the restaurant serves delicious and nourishing food so eating fast food is out of the question!	On top of that, the restaurant serves delicious and nourishing food so eating fast food is out of the question!
Needless to say, I’m really enjoying myself though there are a few things I don’t like.	Needless to say, I’m really enjoying myself though there are a few things I don’t like.
For instance, yesterday I was exhausted after the lessons.	For instance, yesterday I was exhausted after the lessons.
Believe it or not, each class lasts two hours and we have rather short breaks.	Believe it or not, each class lasts two hours and we have rather short breaks.
To make matters worse, we get a load of homework to do with fairly tight deadlines.	To make matters worse, we get a load of homework to do with fairly tight deadlines.
Anyway, I’m trying to keep my chin up – it will be good for my future!	Anyway, I’m trying to keep my chin up – it will be good for my future!
Write back soon.	Write back soon.
All the best.	All the best.
Daniel,	Daniel,
*****************************************************************	*****************************************************************
Well, it's written in BrE.	Well, it's written in BrE.
I know "neighbors" is AmE spelling!	I know "neighbors" is AmE spelling!
Another short story	Another short story
I'm sorry I haven't been in touch for such a long time.	I'm sorry I've been away for such a long time.
I've restarted school and I've been busy and overloaded with homework!	School restarted and I've been busy and overloaded with homework!
The task says: "The story must begin with the words "Gillian was cold and hungry and completely lost".	The task says: "The story must begin with the words "Gillian was cold and hungry and completely lost".
My answer:	My answer:
Gillian was cold and hungry and completely lost.	Gillian was cold and hungry and completely lost.
Her right knee was hurting and the night was starting to fall.	Her right knee was hurting and the night was starting to fall.
There were roars of guns everywhere and she could hardly breathe.	The roar of guns was everywhere and she could hardly breathe.
She stood up slowly and carefully and looked around with suspicion.	She stood up slowly and carefully and looked around with suspicion.
She had never been to such a weird dark place before.	She had never been to such a weird dark place before.
There were trees everywhere and screams of mercy could be barely heard.	There were trees everywhere and screams of mercy could be faintly heard.
For the first time in her entirely life Gillian was afraid.	For the first time in her entire life Gillian was afraid.
How she had got there, she didn’t.	How she had got there, she didn’t know.
How she had got there, she didn’t.	How she had got there, she didn’t know.
According to her first impression, the place looked as if it was a small island	Her first impression was that the place looked as if it were a small island.
She thoroughly made sure that she was alone.	She checked thoroughly to make sure that she was alone.
She had begun walking to and fro desperately when a sudden shake hit the floor- it was an earthquake!	She had begun walking to and fro desperately when the floor suddenly started shaking - it was an earthquake!
Suddenly, the ground broke into two pieces and Gillian screamed wildly as she was falling down into the hole… 	Suddenly, the ground split in two and Gillian screamed wildly as she was falling down into the hole…
Eventually, everything went black.	Eventually, everything went black.
However, some voices started to be heard again.	However, soon some voices started to be heard again.
Gillian woke up and saw her mum beside her.	Gillian woke up and saw her mum beside her.
Now, the island had disappeared.	The island had disappeared.
She was lying quietly on her bed - everything had been a dream!	She was lying quietly in her bed - everything had been a dream!
E-mail asking for further information	E-mail asking for further information
I'm still revising for my FCE exam!	I'm still revising for my FCE exam!
MY ANSWER TO THE TASK:	MY ANSWER TO THE TASK:
Dear Sir/Madam	Dear Sir/Madam
I am writing to you with regard to your advertisement which I saw in a newspaper.	I am writing to you with regard to your advertisement which I saw in a newspaper.
I am very interested in learning Russian at your school and I would like to know further information about it.	I am very interested in learning Russian at your school and I would like further information about it.
First of all, I would be grateful if you could inform me if I would be suitable for the level of the school, as I am an absolute beginner.	First of all, I would be grateful if you could inform me if I would be suitable for the level of the school, as I am an absolute beginner.
I would also appreciate it if you could inform me about the price of your courses as well as how many hours per week your courses are.	I would also appreciate it if you could inform me about the price of your courses as well as how many hours per week your courses are.
Owing to the fact that I live in Argentina, I would also like to know if the accommodation you provide is near the school.	Owing to the fact that I live in Argentina, I would also like to know if the accommodation you provide is near the school.
Could you also tell me the times of your study centre?	Could you also let me know the business hours of your study centre?
I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.	I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.
Yours faithfully,	Yours faithfully,
Daniel	Daniel
Gerunds	Gerunds
I know both cases below are correct but what is the most common?	I know both cases below are correct but what is the most common?
Are those structures common at all or do they sound too weird?	Are those structures common at all or do they sound too weird?
1.	1.
They don't understand your/you needing more money.	They don't understand your/you needing more money.
2.	2.
I don't think anyone mentioned Mary's/Mary being there.	I don't think anyone mentioned Mary's/Mary being there.
3.	3.
I don't like her/she reading my letters.	I don't like her reading my letters.
I found more examples in the sheet my teacher gave me some years ago, but I think they are enough to get the message across.	I found more examples in the sheet my teacher gave me some years ago, but I think they are enough to get the message across.
Speaking Paper PREPARATION (Part 2- The individual long turn)	Speaking Paper PREPARATION (Part 2- The individual long turn)
This part consists of 1 minute (!) and the candidates are required to compare and contrast two photos and give a personal opionion responding a question from the examiner.	This part lasts 1 minute (!) and the candidates are required to compare and contrast two photos and give a personal opionion responding a question from the examiner.
I enclose the two photos (check that the question is below)	I enclose the two photos (make sure that the question is below)
The task:	The task:
"Compare and contrast these pictures and say which hobby would be more difficult to learn"	"Compare and contrast these pictures and say which hobby would be more difficult to learn"
My answer: 	My answer: 
In both pictures I can see two people doing leisure activities.	In both pictures I can see two people doing leisure activities.
Both of these people look as if they were enjoying waht they are doing.	Both of these people look as if they are enjoying what they are doing.
Both of these people look as if they were enjoying waht they are doing.	Both of these people look as if they are enjoying what they are doing.
However, they are not doing the same sort of activities.	However, they are not doing the same sort of activities.
In picture 1, the girl is probably learning to play the piano, whereas in picture 2, the man seems to be more confident climbing a rock wall.	In picture 1, the girl is probably learning to play the piano, whereas in picture 2, the man seems to be more confident climbing a rock wall.
The main difference between both pictures is that in the second one risk factors are involved.	The main difference between the two pictures is that in the second one risk factors are involved.
Personally, I think climbing would be more difficult than learning  to play the piano, although in both activities mental and physical ability is required.	Personally, I think climbing would be more difficult than learning  to play the piano, although in both activities mental and physical ability is required.
Phrasal verbs	Phrasal verbs
An important feature of phrasal verbs is that they are tipically idiomatic.	An important feature of phrasal verbs is that they are typically idiomatic.
But when I used one of them some days ago, I was told it was rather FORMAL!	But when I used one of them some days ago, I was told it was rather FORMAL!
I was amazed at this statement so I was wondering if you might at least clear this: are most phrasal verbs informal?	I was amazed at this statement so I was wondering if you might at least clear this: are most phrasal verbs informal?
Do you use them regularly?	Do you use them regularly?
A semi-formal letter giving information	A semi-formal letter giving information
Dear Mr Spiller,	Dear Mr. Spiller,
I am writing to you with regard to your e-mail informing I have won first prize in your competition.	I am writing to you with regard to your e-mail informing me that I have won first prize in your competition.
I am writing to you with regard to your e-mail informing I have won first prize in your competition.	I am writing to you with regard to your e-mail informing me that I have won first prize in your competition.
I am extremely happy and I am looking forward to attending the course in Australia.	I am extremely happy and I am looking forward to attending the course in Australia.
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for, as in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities.	The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities.
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for, as in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities.	The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for, as in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities.
On top of that (I wanted to use a synonym of "In addition", but I don't know if it's a formal linking word), it may also be of great importance for you to know that I would prefer to attend the speaking and listening classes because I ought to improve my conversational skills in my day-to-day life.	Furthermore, it may also be of great importance for you to know that I would prefer to attend the speaking and listening classes, because I ought to improve my conversational skills for my day-to-day life.
With respect to the afternoon activities you mentioned in your e-mail, I would like to inform you that I would rather make a radio programme (I'm using the BrE spelling but I know in Ame you say "program") and learn to play a musical instrument, as both activities might offer me the possibility of boosting my confidence and my interpersonal skills.	With respect to the afternoon activities you mentioned in your e-mail, I would like to inform you that I would rather make a radio programme (I'm using the BrE spelling but I know in Ame you say "program") and learn to play a musical instrument, as both activities might offer me the possibility of boosting my confidence and my interpersonal skills.
Finally, I would appreciate it if you could inform me about the accommodation available as well as what items of clothing I should take with me.	Finally, I would appreciate it if you could inform me about the accommodations available as well as clothing I should take with me.
Finally, I would appreciate it if you could inform me about the accommodation available as well as what items of clothing I should take with me.	Finally, I would appreciate it if you could inform me about the accommodation available as well as what items of clothing I should take with me.
I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.	I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.
Yours sincerely,	Yours sincerely,
Daniel	Daniel
Another letter of application	Another letter of application
My answer to one of the exercises of my coursebook!	My answer to one of the exercises of my coursebook!
Dear Sir/Madam,	Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to apply for the position of shop assistant which I saw advertised in a newspaper.	I am writing to apply for the position of shop assistant which I saw advertised in a newspaper.
I believe I have all the necessary skills and qualifications for this post.	I believe I have all the necessary skills and qualifications for this post.
I am 25 years old (I'm allowed to lie in the exam!	I am 25 years old (I'm allowed to lie in the exam!
I'm 16!)and I have had considerable experience working in a shop.	I'm 16!)and I have had considerable experience working in a shop.
I am currently studying English for the First Certificate Examination and I am able to carry out most day-to-day tasks in English.	I am currently studying English for the First Certificate Examination and I am able to carry out most day-to-day tasks in English.
In addition, I am hard-working and responsible.	In addition, I am hard-working and responsible.
I enjoy working in a team and I am patient and thorough in my work.	I enjoy working in a team and I am patient and thorough in my work.
I am computer literate and I have taken courses in computing.	I am computer literate and I have taken courses in computing.
I would like the opportunity to learn more about skiing and this job would offer me more experience in this professional field.	This sounds strange to me -- you're not going to get experience in the professional field of "skiing" by working in a ski shop. Even if you use the mentioned "ski pass" to go skiing on your free time, that would not be the same as training with a coach to become a professional skier and compete in the Olympics! I would just say something completely different... maybe "I would appreciate the opportunity to further improve my communication skills..." or something.... :\
I would be free (also happy,able and available?	I would be happy to attend an interview at a time convenient to you.
is there one that is more common in BrE or AmE?	is there one that is more common in BrE or AmE?
or is it the same?) to attend an interview at a time convenient to you.	or is it the same?) to attend an interview at a time convenient to you.
I look forward to hearing from you.	I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,	Yours faithfully,
Daniel	Daniel
Speaking Preparation Part 3 -The two-way collaborative task	Speaking Preparation Part 3 -The two-way collaborative task
The task:	The task:
"For each of these pictures, say which of the crimes are the most and least serious"	"For each of these pictures, say which of the crimes are the most and least serious"
(I'm supposed to do this with another partner in the exam)	(I'm supposed to do this with another partner in the exam)
Reckless driving appears to be the most serious crime because human life is involved.	Reckless driving appears to be the most serious crime because human life is (put) at risk.
What is more, not only can the driver get hurt but he can also hurt somebody else.	What's more, not only can the driver get hurt but he can also hurt somebody else.
I would say burgling is nearly as serious as reckless driving, since violence might be involved.	I would say burgling is nearly as serious as reckless driving, since violence might be involved. At least in the US, we don't use the word "to burgle." We say "burglary" and sometimes "burglar" for the offender. You can also say breaking and entering.
Film piracy would take third place becuase it is wrong and unethical.	Film piracy would take third place because it is wrong and unethical.
Not respecting public signs is immature and shows an uncaring nature.	Not respecting public signs is immature and shows an inconsiderate nature.
Also, smoking in public places is impolite and shows no respect for other people.	Also, smoking in public places is impolite and shows no respect for other people.
Drawing graffiti is a rude action and gives a bad impression of historical buildings and houses.	Drawing graffiti is a rude action and defaces historical buildings and houses.
Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since it is not correct but at least it's not damaging.	Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since it is not permitted but at least it's not damaging.
Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since it is not correct but at least it's not damaging.	Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since although it is not right at least it's not damaging.
Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since it is not correct but at least it's not damaging.	Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since although it is not legal, at least it's not damaging.
Strong/Great possibility	Strong/Great possibility
Yesterday, I was practising my reading skills when I came across the words "great possibility".	Yesterday, I was practising my reading skills when I came across the words "great possibility".
They sounded a bit weird to me, as I was used to the STRONG "COLLOCATION" "strong possibility".	They sounded a bit weird to me, as I was used to the STRONG "COLLOCATION" "strong possibility".
I'm sure that, if my teacher saw this in my compostions, she would correct it straight away and say :"it is STRONG POSSIBILITY, not GREAT POSSIBILITY...	I'm sure that, if my teacher saw this in my compostions, she would correct it straight away and say :"it is STRONG POSSIBILITY, not GREAT POSSIBILITY...
Otherwise, you'll lose grades in your exam".	Otherwise, you'll lose grades in your exam".
I'm a bit upset becuase of this fact, though I'd use STRONG possibility for sure.	I'm a bit upset becuase of this fact, though I'd use STRONG possibility for sure.
The thing is that by learning collocations, students make their English more natural and native but I think it's a bit dissapointing, since they seem to be useless.	The thing is that by learning collocations, students make their English more natural and native but I think it's a bit dissapointing, since they seem to be useless.
Well, to cut a long story short: What do you think sounds better: GREAT or STRONG possibility?	Well, to cut a long story short: What do you think sounds better: GREAT or STRONG possibility?
Could I say HIGH possibility as well?	Could I say HIGH possibility as well?
Help from native speakers	Help from native speakers
How would you describe these following images with specific vocabulary?	How would you describe these following images with specific vocabulary?
I need to describe them in detail because this is what I'm supposed to in my next exam.	I need to describe them in detail because this is what I'm supposed to do in my next exam.
I was wondering how a native would describe these photos...	I was wondering how a native would describe these photos...
Could you help me?	Could you help me?
Informal letter (Yes, again!)	Informal letter (Yes, again!)
Yes, still revising (or reviewing [AmE])for my exam!	Yes, still revising (or reviewing [AmE])for my exam!
Dear Ben,	Dear Ben,
I thought I’d better drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about your next film!	I thought I’d drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about your next film!
Listen, you can meet  up with me whenever you want, but I’d rather you come in January as I don’t usually have much work to do and I could probably be on holiday by then.	Listen, you can meet up with me whenever you want, but I’d rather you come in January. I don’t usually have much work to do then and I could probably be on holiday.
On top of that, the weather in January’s usually scorching so I think the film would look nicer if done in summer.	On top of that, the weather in January’s usually scorching and I think the film would look nicer if done in summer.
What do you think?	What do you think?
As for the unusual place you mentioned in your last letter, I guess the old railway station would be an interesting choice, as many tourists don’t even know that my town was founded nearly 100 years ago because of it!	As for the unusual place you mentioned in your last letter, I guess the old railway station would be an interesting choice. Many tourists don’t even know that my town was founded nearly 100 years ago because of it! 
Finally, I guess I could give you a helping hand to get to know my town better.	Finally, I guess I could give you a helping hand to get to know my town better.
We’ll have a good time, that’s for sure!	We’ll have a good time, that’s for sure!
Keep in touch.	Keep in touch.
All the best,	All the best,
Daniel 	Daniel
I used BrE...	I used BrE...
BrE                  AmE	BrE                  AmE
HOLIDAY              VACATION	HOLIDAY              VACATION
RAILWAY STATION     RAILROAD STATION	RAILWAY STATION RAILROAD STATION I didn't realize that... I'm just used to "train station" ha ha
FILM                 MOVIE	FILM                 MOVIE
There must be others but those are the ones I noticed...	There must be others but those are the ones I noticed...
The sick's health	The sick's health
I was told to write a short story and since I know I have to use vivid language and all this stuff, I decided to translate a story first, and then write one by myself.	I was told to write a short story and since I know I have to use vivid language and all this stuff, I decided to translate a story first, and then write one by myself.
I think it'll help me and I found it somewhat dynamic.	I think it'll help me and I found it somewhat dynamic.
The story is originally called "La salud de los Enfermos" and was written by Julio Cortázar, who was accidentally born in Bruselas but his parents were argentinian and he felt Argentinian too.	The story is originally called "La salud de los Enfermos" and was written by Julio Cortázar, who was born in Brussels but his parents were Argentinian and he felt Argentinian too.
Well, here's my translation [it's just the beginning of the story]:	Well, here's my translation [it's just the beginning of the story]:
"When aunt Clelia unexpectedly felt unwell, there was a panic moment in the family and for several hours nobody was able to react or make a plan.	"When aunt Clelia unexpectedly felt ill, there was a moment of panic in the family and for several hours nobody was able to react or discuss a plan of action.
Uncle Roque, who always found the best solution to everyday problems, could not, neither.	Not even uncle Roque, who always found the most sensible solution.
Carlos got a call at the office.	Carlos got a call at the office.
Rosa and Pepa said good-bye to their piano and solfege pupils and even aunt Clelia was more worried about mum than about herself..."	Rosa and Pepa dismissed their piano and solfege pupils and even aunt Clelia was more worried about mum than about herself..."
The original extract is below.	The original extract is below.
I had to make some changes though I'm not sure about them.	I had to make some changes though I'm not sure about them.
After all, my dream is to become an English translator and an English teacher!	After all, my dream is to become an English translator and an English teacher!
Cuando inesperadamente tía Clelia se sintió mal, en la familia hubo un momento de pánico y por varias horas nadie fue capaz de reaccionar y discutir un plan de acción, ni siquiera tío Roque que encontraba siempre la salida más atinada.	Cuando inesperadamente tía Clelia se sintió mal, en la familia hubo un momento de pánico y por varias horas nadie fue capaz de reaccionar y discutir un plan de acción, ni siquiera tío Roque que encontraba siempre la salida más atinada.
A Carlos lo llamaron por teléfono a la oficina, Rosa y Pepa despidieron a los alumnos de piano y solfeo, y hasta tía Clelia se preocupó más por mamá que por ella misma.	A Carlos lo llamaron por teléfono a la oficina, Rosa y Pepa despidieron a los alumnos de piano y solfeo, y hasta tía Clelia se preocupó más por mamá que por ella misma.
Informal expressions	Informal expressions
I've decided to work on informal language so I've learned some new vocabulary.	I've decided to work on informal language so I've learned some new vocabulary.
I'd like you to have a look at it and tell me which expressions are more common in BrE or AmE...	I'd like you to have a look at it and tell me which expressions are more common in BrE or AmE...
I'll learn some American slang later!	I'll learn some American slang later!
1.	1.
GET ON TOP OF SOMEBODY: If your work or a problem gets on top of you, it begins to make you feel unhappy and upset.	GET ON TOP OF SOMEBODY: If your work or a problem gets on top of you, it begins to make you feel unhappy and upset.
2.	2.
NOT HAVE MUCH UP TOP [Just in BrE?]: To be not very intelligent.	NOT HAVE MUCH UP TOP [Just in BrE?]: To be not very intelligent.
3.	3.
A GET-TOGETHER: A friendly informal meeting or party.	A GET-TOGETHER: A friendly informal meeting or party.
4.	4.
Pricey (also pricy?): Expensive.	Pricey (also pricy?): Expensive.
5.	5.
Fancy (adj):Used about fashionable restaurants, cars, clothes etc that look expensive.	Fancy (adj):Used about fashionable restaurants, cars, clothes etc that look expensive.
6.	6.
A RIP-OFF: Something that is unreasonably expensive.	A RIP-OFF: Something that is unreasonably expensive.
7.	7.
NATTER[Just in BrE?]:To talk for a long time about unimportant things.	NATTER[Just in BrE?]:To talk for a long time about unimportant things.
Syn:CHAT.	Syn:CHAT.
8.	8.
MAKE A MOVE [Just in BrE?]:To leave a place.	MAKE A MOVE [Just in BrE?]:To leave a place.
I'd also like to know if they are that worth learning..	I'd also like to know if they are that worth learning..
I mean, in Spanish (I live in Arg) there are so "unnessary" idioms that I sometimes hesitate a bit.	I mean, in Spanish (I live in Arg) there are so "unnessary" idioms that I sometimes hesitate a bit.
An informal letter giving news (#2)	An informal letter giving news (#2)
Well, not much to say.	Well, not much to say.
Another personal letter...	Another personal letter...
It's written in BrE!	It's written in BrE!
The task:	The task:
"You recently spent a holiday abroad.	"You recently spent a holiday abroad.
Write a letter to your pen friend, describing the things you enjoyed the most, and the things you enjoyed the least about your holiday".	Write a letter to your pen friend, describing the things you enjoyed the most, and the things you enjoyed the least about your holiday".
My answer:	My answer:
Dear Hugh,	Dear Hugh,
I thought I’d drop you a line to fill you in on my recent holiday in Australia.	I thought I’d drop you a line to fill you in on my recent holiday in Australia.
Well, you know I’d always dreamt of visiting such an interesting place.	Well, you know I’d always dreamt of visiting such an interesting place.
The people there are really nice and polite and are always offering help if you need it.	The people there are really nice and polite and are always offering help if you need it.
On top of that, I really loved going on safari and learning about wildlife – a wide range of animals and trees at my fingertips!	On top of that, I really loved going on safari and learning about wildlife – a wide range of animals and trees at my fingertips!
I was thrilled to bits!	I was thrilled to bits!
Unfortunately, not everything was good.	Unfortunately, not everything was good.
The hotel I stayed in was rather pricey and to tell the truth it didn’t worth what I had paid for!	The hotel I stayed in was rather pricey and to tell the truth it wasn’t worth what I had paid for!
The bedrooms weren’t spacious enough and I had hardly room to keep my luggage!	The bedrooms weren’t spacious enough and I had hardly and I hardly had room to keep my luggage!
All the same, I had a great time and could let off some steam.	All the same, I had a great time and was able to let off some steam.
Hope to hear from you soon.	Hope to hear from you soon.
Keep in touch.	Keep in touch.
Daniel,	Daniel,
Idioms, colloquialisms and other expressions of British English	Idioms, colloquialisms and other expressions of British English
Hi...	Hi...
I've been learning some idioms referred to the weather and I was wondering "are they common at all?".	I've been learning some idioms referred to the weather and I was wondering "are they common at all?".
I'll write some of them and I'd like you to give your opinions about them: are they used indistinctly in BrE and AmE?	I'll write some of them and I'd like you to give your opinions about them: are they used indistinctly in BrE and AmE?
Has any of them an equvalent in AmE?	Has any of them an equvalent in AmE?
1.	1.
It's raining CATS AND DOGS.	It's raining CATS AND DOGS.
(a lot)	(a lot)
2.	2.
It's BUCKETING DOWN.	It's BUCKETING DOWN.
(pouring with rain)	(pouring with rain)
3.	3.
We could ask him to sort out the invoices, but he'll MAKE HEAVY WEATHER OF IT.(make it unnecessarily difficult and complicated)	We could ask him to sort out the invoices, but he'll MAKE HEAVY WEATHER OF IT.(make it unnecessarily difficult and complicated)
4.	4.
Jan's feeling UNDER THE WEATHER.	Jan's feeling UNDER THE WEATHER.
(unwell)	(unwell)
5.	5.
However gloomy things may seem, EVERY CLOUD HAS A SILVER LINING.(there's always some aspect which is good)	However gloomy things may seem, EVERY CLOUD HAS A SILVER LINING.(there's always some aspect which is good)
6.	6.
They were ON CLOUD NINE when they won the lottery.	They were ON CLOUD NINE when they won the lottery.
(very happy)	(very happy)
IDIOMS WITH "WAY"	IDIOMS WITH "WAY"
I'm doing my best to sound as natural and native as possible!	I'm doing my best to sound as natural and native as possible!
I'm studying some idioms with WAY and I sometimes can't understand the meaning of them because my books just mentions them.	I'm studying some idioms with WAY and I sometimes can't understand the meaning of them because my books just mentions them.
a)Work your way to the top: To become successful in doing sth?	a)Work your way to the top: To become successful in doing sth?yes, start as a cleaner and end up as the manager
b)Have a way with words: I found it in my dictionary.	b)Have a way with words: I found it in my dictionary.
To be good at using words effectively.	To be good at using words effectively.
c)Go out your way: I found it in my dictionary.	c)Go out of your way: I found it in my dictionary.
To do sth with more effort than is used or expected.	To do sth with more effort than is usual or expected.
d)Have it both ways: ?	d)You can't have it both ways: ?to argue illogically, eg I want to pass my exams, but I don't want to study.
e)Meet you halfway:?	e)Meet you halfway:?to compromise
f)Pave the way(also clear/open/prepare the way): I found it in my dictionary.	f)Pave the way(also clear/open/prepare the way): I found it in my dictionary.
To make it possible for sth to happen or develop later.	To make it possible for sth to happen or develop later.
g)Set in your ways:?	g)Set in your ways:?To be a person with fixed habits, Always get up at 8, eat same thing every day etc
h)Keep out of sb's way: To leave a person alone?	h)Keep out of sb's way: To leave a person alone?
I mean, not to disturb a person?	I mean, not to disturb a person?
i)Stand in sb's way(also stand in the way):I found it in my dictionary.	i)Stand in sb's way(also stand in the way):I found it in my dictionary.
To prevent sb from doing sth.	To prevent sb from doing sth.
j)Way off course:?	j)Way off course:?To misunderstand something,to do things wrong. also you can say, got hold of the wrong end of the stick.
An informal letter (2)	An informal letter (2)
Another exercise from my coursebook:	Another exercise from my coursebook:
Dear Hugh,	Dear Hugh,
I’m sorry I haven’t been in touch for such a long time.	I’m sorry I haven’t been in touch for such a long time.
I thought I’d better drop you a line because I’d like to go on holiday to your country and I want to ask you a few questions.	I thought I’d better drop you a line because I’d like to go on holiday to your country and I want to ask you a few questions.
I’m really keen on arts so I was wondering if you might tell me a good place to visit and buy some paintings for my house.	I’m really keen on arts so I was wondering if you might tell me a good place to visit and buy some paintings for my house.
I’d also love to go to a museum and visit the most important historical buildings in your country.	I’d also love to go to a museum and visit the most important historical buildings in your country.
Would also mind telling me what other interesting places are worth visiting?	Would you also mind telling me what other interesting places are worth visiting?
By the way, I’d like to go the theatre and the cinema as well, so could you tell me what’s on?	By the way, I’d like to go the theatre and the cinema as well, so could you tell me what’s playing?
I know you don’t have a car and I’m planning to do so many things that I still don’t know what way of travelling to choose.	I know you don’t have a car and I’m planning to do so many things that I still don’t know what type of transportation to choose.
What would you recommend to me?	What would you recommend to me?
I´m looking forward to hearing from you again.	I´m looking forward to hearing from you again.
Write back soon.	Write back soon.
Love 	Love,
Daniel	Daniel
Inversion	Inversion
I was asked to write a story with a different, humorous ending and I chose "Sleeping Beauty".	I was asked to write a story with a different, humorous ending and I chose "Sleeping Beauty".
It started: "In a far away land, long ago, lived a king and his queen..." and my teacher said it was wrong and added a "there" to it, like this: "In a far away land, long ago, THERE lived a king and his queen...".	It started: "In a far away land, long ago, lived a king and his queen..." and my teacher said it was wrong and added a "there" to it, like this: "In a far away land, long ago, THERE lived a king and his queen...".
She said that "there" was used to create INVERSION in the sentence.	She said that "there" was used to create INVERSION in the sentence.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Is my sentence wrong?	Is my sentence wrong?
Fce Informal Letter or E-mail	Fce Informal Letter or E-mail
Hi!	Hi!
Could you have a look at my piece of writing ang give it a score!	Could you have a look at my piece of writing and give it a score?
Could you have a look at my piece of writing ang give it a score!	Could you have a look at my piece of writing and give it a score!
I'd really appreciate it!	I'd really appreciate it!
I enclose the task and my answer to it is below:	I enclosed the letter below:
I enclose the task and my answer to it is below:	I've enclosed my homework and my answer to it is below:
Dear Sam, 	Dear Sam, 
Glad to hear from you again.	Glad to hear from you again.
This is just to let you know that I’m fascinated with the idea of being painted	This is just to let you know that I’m fascinated with the idea of having my portrait taken.
Listen, I was wondering if you might like to paint me in the garden because I’m having my house repaired at the moment and it’s actually a real mess!	Listen, I was wondering if you might like to paint me in the garden because I’m having my house repaired at the moment and it’s really a mess!
Anyway, I think you’ll love all the flowers and bushes in my house as well as my swimming pool.	Anyway, I think you’ll love all the flowers and bushes at my house as well as my swimming pool.
Anyway, I think you’ll love all the flowers and bushes in my house as well as my swimming pool.	Anyway, I think you’ll love all the flowers and bushes in my garden as well as my swimming pool.
You’ll absolutely adore the view!	You’ll absolutely adore the view!
Last time you wrote, you’ve also said something about an object important to me and after thinking for a while I made up my mind and chose my old dad's piano becuase it's a priceless possession to me.	Last time you wrote, you also said something about an important thing to me and after thinking about it for a while I made up my mind and chose my old dad's piano becuase it's a priceless possession to me.
Last time you wrote, you’ve also said something about an object important to me and after thinking for a while I made up my mind and chose my old dad's piano becuase it's a priceless possession to me.	Last time you wrote, you mentioned an object that's important to me, and after thinking for a while I've decided on my dad's old piano, because it's a priceless possession to me.
What do you reckon?	What do you think?
By the way, should I be dressed in formal or casual clothes once you start painting me?	By the way, should I dress in formal or casual clothes once you start painting me?
By the way, should I be dressed in formal or casual clothes once you start painting me?	By the way, should I be dressed in formal or casual clothes once you start painting me?
You can come and visit me so that we can fix up when to start the painting and other stuff.	You can come and visit me so that we can talk about when to start the painting and other stuff.
You can come and visit me so that we can fix up when to start the painting and other stuff.	If you could arrange to visit me so that we can finalise all the details, and arrange a time to start the painting. o .
Looking forward to hearing from you again.	Looking forward to hearing from you again.
All the best.	All the best.
Daniel,	Daniel,
Thanks in advance!!!!	Thanks in advance!!!!
If you're studying Spanish, I'm available to check your pieces of writing as well!	If you're studying Spanish, I'm available to check your journals as well!
A prediction 	A prediction 
I have to do some homework on predictions and I wrote this..(Sorry I didn't correct your pieces, i'm overloaded!)	I have to do some homework on predictions and I wrote this..(Sorry I haven't been correcting your pieces- I'm overloaded!)
In 5 million years' time, humankind will have highly evolved and people will be living together with aliens and new species.	In 5 million years' time, humans will have highly evolved and people will be living alongside aliens and new species.
We will not wear ordinary clothes, but special protective equipment in order to protect ourselves from solar rays.	We will not wear ordinary clothes, but instead special protective equipment in order to protect ourselves from solar rays.
Clouds will no longer exist and therefore there will be no rain at all.	Clouds will no longer exist and therefore there will be no rain at all.
Robots will be in charge of the population's security and household chores.	Robots will be in charge of the population's security and household chores.
A lot of people will suffer from obesity because of sedentarism and some humans will have the ability to read other people's minds.	A lot of people will suffer from obesity due to their sedentary lifestyles. Some humans will have the ability to read other people's minds.
(Sorry if the spelling is terrible, I'm writing the quickiest I can!)	(Sorry if the spelling is terrible; I'm writing this as quickly as I can!)
Thanks a lot/ Thanks a bunch	Thanks a lot/ Thanks a bunch
My dictionary is driving me crazy.	My dictionary is driving me crazy.
It says that "Thanks a lot/ Thanks a bunch" are JUST used ironically!	It says that "Thanks a lot/ Thanks a bunch" are JUST used ironically!
I regret thanking so many friends this way!	I regret thanking so many friends this way!
What do you think?	What do you think?
FORMAL LETTER: ASKING FOR FURTHER INFORMATION	FORMAL LETTER: ASKING FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
THIS IS ANOTHER EXCERCISE OF MY FCE COURSEBOOK...	THIS IS ANOTHER EXCERCISE FROM MY FCE COURSEBOOK...
MY ASNSWER:	MY ANSWER:
MY ASNSWER:	MY ANSWER:
Dear Mrs Brown,	Dear Mrs Brown,
I am writing to you in connection with your advertisement about your English Summer School.	I am writing to you in connection with your advertisement regarding your English Summer School.
I am writing to you in connection with your advertisement about your English Summer School.	I am writing to you regarding your advertisement about your English Summer School, and would like the answers to a few questions..
Firstly, I would like to know where the school is and how to reach there from the nearest underground station.	 I have several queries; Firstly, I would like to know where the school is, and how to reach it from the nearest underground station?
Firstly, I would like to know where the school is and how to reach there from the nearest underground station.	1.) I would like to know where the school is located and how to reach it from the nearest underground station.
Firstly, I would like to know where the school is and how to reach there from the nearest underground station.	Firstly, I would like to know where the school is and how to get there from the nearest underground station.
I would also like to know how big the classes are and what sort of facilities are provided.	I would also like to know how big the classes are, and what sort of facilities are provided?
I would also like to know how big the classes are and what sort of facilities are provided.	2.) How big are the classes and what sort of facilities are provided?
Secondly, I would like some information on the dates I can register at school.	 I would also like some information on the dates that I can register at your school.
Secondly, I would like some information on the dates I can register at school.	3.) What dates are available to register?.
In addition, I would also like to know what sort of leisure activities can be arranged.	 I would also like to know what sort of leisure activities can be arranged at the school?
In addition, I would also like to know what sort of leisure activities can be arranged.	4.) What sort of leisure activities are available?
Another matter I need information on is what type of accommodation is available	I also need information on what type of accommodation is available?
Another matter I need information on is what type of accommodation is available	5.) What type of accommodation is available, and is it included in the advertised price?
Would you also mind informing me if the price which appears in your brochure includes accommodation?	Could you also inform me if the price that appears in your brochure includes accommodation?
I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.	I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.
Daniel,  	yours sincerely, Daniel 
Daniel,  	Sincerely yours, Daniel 
Friends	Friends
I've been watching some "Friends" episodes on the net and it was like love at first sight!	I've been watching some "Friends" episodes on the net and it was like love at first sight!
My teacher had suggested that I watch this sit-com last year but, honestly, I could hardly understand a word!	My teacher had suggested that I watch this sit-com last year but, honestly, I could hardly understand a word!
Yesterday, however, I wanted to have another opportunity and I was amazed at my understanding!	Yesterday, however, I wanted to have another opportunity and I was amazed at my understanding!
I don't wanna sound boastful but I could understand almost everything (in spite of some slang, which I've already learnt).	I don't wanna sound boastful but I could understand almost everything (in spite of some slang, which I've already learnt).
It sounds a bit strange, though, that I can clearly understand AmE whereas I still have some little problems with BrE.	It sounds a bit strange, though, that I can clearly understand AmE whereas I still have some problems with BrE.
Generally speaking, I've improved a lot in my listening skills (which was something that worried me).	Generally speaking, I've improved a lot in my listening skills (which was something that worried me).
The thing is that I still can't undestand, for instance, BBC videos...	The thing is that I still can't undestand, for instance, BBC videos...
I love "Friends"!	I love "Friends"!
Did you like watching it, too?	Do you like watching it, too?
translating a song	translating a song
Hey!	Hey!
hello!!	hello!!
This time I brought you a song that I like and I wanted to translate from Japanese.	This time I brought you a song that I like and I wanted to translate from Japanese.
As you can see, the song has some verses in English and others in Japanese.	As you can see, the song has some verses in English and others in Japanese.
Next time I would like to translate the complete song to Spanish, but first I wanna know if I my translations are alright.	Next time I would like to translate the complete song to Spanish, but first I want to know if I my translations are alright.
Could you correct me please?	Could you correct me please?
Thanks a lot!	Thanks a lot!
^^ I appreciate your help!	^^ I appreciate your help!
It’s Hard to say my mind	It’s Hard to say my mind
I don’t know	I don’t know
but I believe that coming true the day	but I believe that coming true the day
we both know	we both know
It’s Hard to say your mind	It’s Hard to say your mind
I can tell you my own	I can tell you my own
I don’t wanna see you feeling blue	I don’t wanna see you feeling blue
I don’t wanna see your light is gone	I don’t wanna see your light is gone
I didn't know what to put here :S]	I didn't know what to put here :S]
I don’t know but I believe that we can be the one	I don’t know but I believe that we can be the one
we both know	we both know
I don’t know but I believe that I’ll going you	I don’t know but I believe that I’ll go with you
For be the one	For be the one
Schools I used to go	Schools I used to go
In my english curse, the teacher asked me to do a composition; this was the result: 	In my english course, the teacher asked me to do a composition; this was the result: 
Schools I used to go	Schools I used to go
When I was four years old, I began my education at state school.	When I was four years old, I began my education at state school.
My primary school, where I also attended to kindergarden, was called "Ejército Argentino" and it was located in my neighbourhood.	My primary school, where I also attended kindergarden, was called "Ejército Argentino" and it was located in my neighbourhood.
In spite of being a small building, it had two floors and a schoolyard: in the ground floor it had the classrooms and bathrooms; in the first floor there was a library, a computer room and a laboratory.	In spite of being a small building, it had two floors and a schoolyard on the ground floor it had classrooms and bathrooms; in the first floor there was a library, a computer room and a laboratory.
there were seven grades, but clases were always very small, no more than twenty or twenty-five pupils.	there were seven grades, but clases were always very small, no more than twenty or twenty-five pupils.
The discipline wasn't really strict (I think it wasn't to necesary because normally pupils had a goog behaviour).	The discipline wasn't really strict (I think it wasn't too necessary because normally pupils behaved well).
On the other hand, the education level was good enough, there were a lot of activities to do and I always had homework.	On the other hand, the education level was good enough, there were a lot of activities to do and I always had homework.
As it was a state school, we didn't wear uniforms, but we had to wear white pinafores.	As it was a state school, we didn't wear uniforms, but we had to wear white pinafores.
I really enjoyed going to school, and I love to study.	I really enjoyed going to school, and I love to study.
My favourite subjects were Literature, History and Drawing.	My favourite subjects were Literature, History and Drawing.
Maths and Natural Science were the worst for me and I didn't like them at all.	Maths and Natural Science were the worst for me and I didn't like them at all.
I was a good student; I was good at all subjects except Physical Education: my performance was really bad.	I was a good student; I was good at all subjects except Physical Education: my performance was really bad.
In 2003 I started to attend to a secondary school, also in the neighbourhood, but so much near my house.	In 2003 I started to attend a secondary school, also in the neighbourhood, but so much near my house.
Just like the previous one, it was a state school and I didn't need to wear uniform or wrhite pinafore (the students could wear informal clothes).	Just like the previous one, it was a state school and I didn't need to wear a uniform or white pinafore (the students could wear informal clothes).
The high school, named "Rodolfo Walsh", was bigger than "Ejército Argentino": it also had two floors and the building had nine classrooms, a laboratory, a computer-room, a theater, a library, a technology-room, a photography-room, a radio station and another important rooms.	The high school, named "Rodolfo Walsh", was bigger than "Ejército Argentino": it also had two floors and the building had nine classrooms, a laboratory, a computer-room, a theater, a library, a technology-room, a photography-room, a radio station and other important rooms.
The discipline was strict and the school had a high education system.	The discipline was strict and the school had a high education system.
Sometimes the texts or books were very difficult and I always had a lot of homework to do, specially team-work.	Sometimes the texts or books were very difficult and I always had a lot of homework to do, especially team-work.
In general, the students behaved well, once in a while there was some conflict, but it always had a happy and fairly end.	In general, the students behaved well, once in a while there was some conflict, but it always had a fairly happy end.
In fourth year, we received special training according to the school orientation.	In my fourth year, we received special training according to the school orientation.
During those two last years, we coursed some specific and interesting subjects like Radio, Communication, Sound, Design, Publicity, Culture and Communication Means, and Journalism, which I liked most.	During those two last years, we took some specific and interesting subjects like Radio, Communication, Sound, Design, Publicity, Culture and Communication Means, and Journalism, which I liked most.
I'm back!!	I'm back!!
Yeah!!	Yeah!!
I'm finally back from my vacations!	I'm finally back from vacation!
I missed you so so much!!!!!!!!	I missed you so so much!!!!!!!!
I promise to tell you how were these last 10 days at beach!!	I promise to tell you how these last 10 days at beach were!!
;) and share you some pics I took.	;) and share with you some pics that I took.
For now, I'm just saying hello!!	For now, I'm just saying hello!!
vacations come!!!!!!!!!!!	vacations come!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm going out for holidays.	I'm goingaway for holidays.
I'm going out for holidays.	I'm going away for the holidays.
I will spend ten “wonderful” days at the beach haha  Hope you miss me!	I will spend ten “wonderful” days at the beach haha  Hope you miss me!
See you at my back!!!	See youwhen I comeback!!!
Happy New Year!!!	Happy New Year!!!
Hello!	Hello!
I’ve been missing you!!!	I’ve been missing you!!!
Finally I got my pc back.	Finally I got my pc back.
I had a lot of problems with it, so I took it to the technical, but even he got crazy.	I had a lot of problems with it, so I took it to the technician, but even he got crazy.
The system had serious fails and he couldn’t discover the reasons.	The system had serious failures and he couldn’t discover the reasons.
After that, we didn’t contact for more than a week.	After that, we didn’t contact for more than a week.
Obviously I begun to get worried, I thought to call him but I didn’t want to disturb… then, one day, he called to tell me the progress: he had changed the disk and other part (a platelet I think, I don’t know hoy to say it in English, it’s something connected with internet configuration).	Obviously I begun to get worried, I thought to call him but I didn’t want to disturb… then, one day, he called to tell me the progress: he had changed the disk and another part (a platelet I think, I don’t know hoy to say it in English, it’s something connected with internet configuration). Modem? Ethernet card?
Even so, the computer had failed and he was still searching the problem.	Even so, the computer had failed and he was still searching for the problem.
Yesterday, 10 days later, he FINALLY brought it back!!!	Yesterday, 10 days later, he FINALLY brought it back!!!
Now he changed the mother disk… I just hope it works this time!	Now he changed the motherboard… I just hope it works this time!
Thinking about what I said in last publication, I really couldn’t connected almost till New Year, seems like I have a great sense of time!	Thinking about what I said in my last publication, I really couldn’t connect almost since New Year, seems like I have a great sense of time!
Haha To tell the truth, at that time I thought the pc problem would be repair in just a few days, that changing the disk would be enough.	Haha To tell the truth, at that time I thought the pc problem would be repaired in just a few days, that changing the disk would be enough.
Haha To tell the truth, at that time I thought the pc problem would be repair in just a few days, that changing the disk would be enough.	Haha To tell you the truth, at that time I thought the pc problem would be repaired in just a few days, that changing the disk would be enough.
I didn’t imagine it would be that hard and take so many time.	I didn’t imagine it would be that hard and take so much time.
Therefore, when I said “I probably won’t see the corrections until New Year” I was joking, talking for the sake of talking, never thought it could become real.	Therefore, when I said “I probably won’t see the corrections until New Year” I was joking, talking for the sake of talking, never thought it could become real.
And here I am, with a repaired pc and a lot of wishes for you!	And here I am, with a repaired pc and a lot of wishes for you!
Happy New Year!!!!!!!!!	Happy New Year!!!!!!!!!
Hello!!	Hello!!
God bless Japan!!!!!	God bless Japan!!!!!
I pray for you Japan!!!!	I am praying for you Japan!!!!
I'm very worried...	I'm very worried...
How are my japanese friends??	How are my Japanese friends??
I really hope you're alright!	I really hope you're alright!
let me know please!!	Let me know please!!
Today	Today
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
This time I tried to translate a text that I like so much, which I read when I was child.	This time I tried to translate a text that I like so much, which I read when I was a  child.
This time I tried to translate a text that I like so much, which I read when I was child.	This time I tried to translate a text that I really like, which I read when I was a child.
This is the result, I hope you like it	This is the result, I hope you like it
"Doesn’t exist a day more beautiful than today"	"A day doesn’t exist more beautiful than today"
"Doesn’t exist a day more beautiful than today"	Other correction is good, can also say:"No day exists more beautiful than today"
The plus of a lot of yesterdays represent my past.	The sum of a lot of yesterdays represent my past.
My past is full of happy and sad memories…	My past is full of both happy and sad memories…
Some of them are photographed and now they’re just papers where I see me so little, where my parents are still just married, where my city doesn’t seem the same.	Some of them are photographed and now they’re just miniatures where I see my young self, where my parents are recently married, where my city seems different.
Yesterday could be a beautiful day…	Yesterday could have been a beautiful day…
But I can’t go on constantly looking back.	But I can’t go on constantly looking back.
I run the risk of not see the faces of the ones besides me.	I run the risk of not seeing the faces of the ones besides me.
Maybe tomorrow will dawn even more beautiful…	Maybe tomorrow will dawn even more beautiful…
But I can’t go on looking only the horizon.	But I can’t go on looking only towards the horizon.
I run the risk of not see the scenery around me.	I run the risk of not seeing the scenery around me.
That’s why I prefer today.	That’s why I prefer today.
I like to step it strongly, enjoy his sun or tremble with his cold, feel like each moment says me: present!	I like to step forward steadily, enjoy the sun or tremble with the cold, feeling as if every moment tells me: Be present!
I know it’s very brief, that it will pass soon, and that I won’t be able to change it or make a fair copy of it.	I know it's very brief, that it will pass soon, and that I won't be able to change it or have a practice run.
I can either plan tomorrow so much: it’s a place that doesn’t exist yet.	Neither can I plan much for tomorrow: it’s a place that doesn’t exist yet.
Yesterday, I was.	Yesterday, I was.
Tomorrow, I will be.	Tomorrow, I will be.
Today, I am.	Today, I am.
That’s why today I tell you that I love you… today I hear you… today I’m sorry about my mistakes… today I help you… today I share with you all I have… today I move away from you without keeping any word for tomorrow…	That’s why today I'm telling you that I love you… today I'm listening to you… today I’m sorry for my mistakes… today I'm here to help you… today I'm sharing with you all I have… today I'm saying goobye to you without leaving anything unsaid
Because today I breathe, transpire, see, think, hear, suffer, smell, cry, work, touch, laugh, love…	Because today I breathe, sweat, see, think, hear, suffer, smell, cry, work, touch, laugh, love…
Today.	Today.
Today I’m alive.	Today I’m alive.
As you.	As are you.
--------------------------------	--------------------------------
And this is the original: 	And this is the original: 
"No existe un día más hermoso que el día de hoy"	"No existe un día más hermoso que el día de hoy"
La suma de muchísimos ayeres forma mi pasado.	La suma de muchísimos ayeres forma mi pasado.
Mi pasado se compone de recuerdos alegres… tristes…	Mi pasado se compone de recuerdos alegres… tristes…
Algunos están fotografiados y ahora son cartulinas donde me veo pequeño, donde mis padres siguen siendo recién casados, donde mi ciudad parece otra.	Algunos están fotografiados y ahora son cartulinas donde me veo pequeño, donde mis padres siguen siendo recién casados, donde mi ciudad parece otra.
El día de ayer pudo haber sido un hermoso día…	El día de ayer pudo haber sido un hermoso día…
Pero no puedo avanzar mirando constantemente hacia atrás.	Pero no puedo avanzar mirando constantemente hacia atrás.
Corro el riesgo de no ver los rostros de los que marchan a mi lado.	Corro el riesgo de no ver los rostros de los que marchan a mi lado.
Acaso el día de mañana amanezca aún más hermoso…	Acaso el día de mañana amanezca aún más hermoso…
Pero no puedo avanzar mirando sólo el horizonte.	Pero no puedo avanzar mirando sólo el horizonte.
Corro el riesgo de no ver el paisaje que se abre a mi alrededor.	Corro el riesgo de no ver el paisaje que se abre a mi alrededor.
Por eso, prefiero el día de hoy.	Por eso, prefiero el día de hoy.
Me gusta pisarlo con fuerza, gozar su sol o estremecerme con su frío, sentir cómo cada instante me dice: ¡Presente!	Me gusta pisarlo con fuerza, gozar su sol o estremecerme con su frío, sentir cómo cada instante me dice: ¡Presente!
Sé que es muy breve, que pronto pasará, que no voy a poder modificarlo luego ni pasarlo en limpio… 	Sé que es muy breve, que pronto pasará, que no voy a poder modificarlo luego ni pasarlo en limpio… 
Como tampoco puedo planificar demasiado el día de mañana: es un lugar que todavía no existe.	Como tampoco puedo planificar demasiado el día de mañana: es un lugar que todavía no existe.
Ayer, fui.	Ayer, fui.
Mañana, seré.	Mañana, seré.
Hoy, soy.	Hoy, soy.
Por eso, hoy te digo que te quiero… hoy te escucho… hoy te pido disculpas por mis errores…hoy te ayudo… hoy comparto lo que tengo… hoy me separo de ti sin guardarme ninguna palabra para mañana…	Por eso, hoy te digo que te quiero… hoy te escucho… hoy te pido disculpas por mis errores…hoy te ayudo… hoy comparto lo que tengo… hoy me separo de ti sin guardarme ninguna palabra para mañana…
Porque hoy respiro, transpiro, veo, pienso, oigo, sufro, huelo, lloro, trabajo, toco, río, amo…	Porque hoy respiro, transpiro, veo, pienso, oigo, sufro, huelo, lloro, trabajo, toco, río, amo…
Hoy.	Hoy.
Hoy estoy vivo.	Hoy estoy vivo.
Como tú.	Como tú.
A good friendship	A good friendship
Yesterday I met with my best friend, who cameback from beach.	Yesterday I met with my best friend, who came back from the beach.
Yesterday I met with my best friend, who cameback from beach.	Yesterday I met with my best friend, who had just gotten back from the beach.
I went to her home and spent all afternoon together, talking like women used to do haha	I went to her home and we spent all the afternoon together, talking like women do, haha
I went to her home and spent all afternoon together, talking like women used to do haha	I went to her home and we spent all afternoon together, talking, just like women used to do. Haha.
Time passed really quickly, and soon it was 9 pm.	Time passed very quickly, and soon it was 9pm.
So we wanted to go out, but it was raining a lot.	we wanted to go out, but it was raining a lot.
So we wanted to go out, but it was raining a lot.	We wanted to go out, but it was raining a lot.
It was raining all day long.	It had been raining all day long.
Personally I thought it would stop at night, but wasn’t that the case :S A big storm started at night and we couldn’t go out, our plans were destroyed by the weather… 	Personally I thought it would stop at night, but that wasn’t the case :S A big storm started at night and we couldn’t go out, our plans were destroyed by the weather… 
Personally I thought it would stop at night, but wasn’t that the case :S A big storm started at night and we couldn’t go out, our plans were destroyed by the weather… 	Personally, I thought it would have stopped by nightfall but that wasn't the case. :S There was also a big storm last night, and since we couldn’t go out our plans were completely destroyed by the weather… 
In general I like storms and rain, but yesterday, just for a moment, I really hated it.	In general, I like storms and rain, but yesterday, just for a moment, I really hated it.
But well, it happens sometimes, we can’t do anything to change it.	Oh well, things like that happen sometimes. I suppose we can’t do anything to change it.
So, instead going out, I had dinner at her house, with her family.	So, instead of going out, I had dinner at her house, with her family.
So, instead going out, I had dinner at her house, with her family.	So, instead going out, I had dinner at her house, with her family.
We both know since we were 9 years old, so they’re like my second family: to her mother I’m like a third daughter, even her brother call me sister.	We know each other since we were 9 years old, so they’re like my second family: to her mother I’m like a third daughter, even her brother calls me sister.
We both know since we were 9 years old, so they’re like my second family: to her mother I’m like a third daughter, even her brother call me sister.	We've known each other since we were 9 years old, so they’re like my second family. To her mother I’m like a third daughter, and her brother even calls me his sister.
I don’t have any sister or brother, so I love being part of that family.	I don’t have any sisters or brothers, so I love being part of that family.
I don’t have any sister or brother, so I love being part of that family.	I'm an only child, so I love being part of their family.
I really love them.	I really love them.
I used to call them “my heart family” coz we don’t have “blood connexion”, just sentimental.	I used to call them “my heart family” coz we don’t have “blood connection”, just a sentimental one.
I used to call them “my heart family” coz we don’t have “blood connexion”, just sentimental.	I used to call them “my heart family” because we don’t have a “blood connection," only a sentimental one.
A lot of times we talked about our friendship, wishing it never breaks!	A lot of times we talked about our friendship, wishing it would never be broken!
A lot of times we talked about our friendship, wishing it never breaks!	A lot of times we talk about our friendship, wishing it never breaks!
A lot of times we talked about our friendship, wishing it never breaks!	, Oftentimes we talk about our friendship. We both hope that our bond is never broken!
Last years, our lifes changed a lot, each one begin her personally studies and jobs, so we drift apart.	Last years, our lives changed a lot, each one began our personal studies and jobs, so we drifted apart.
Last years, our lifes changed a lot, each one begin her personally studies and jobs, so we drift apart.	In recent years, our lives have changed a lot, each of us began her personally studies and job, so we have drifted apart.
Last years, our lifes changed a lot, each one begin her personally studies and jobs, so we drift apart.	Last year, our lives changed a lot. We both began our personalstudies and jobs, so we almost drifted apart.
Then I thought our relation would be in risk, we both had afraid to lose totally contact, but in the end, we resolved it.	Then I thought our relation would be in risk, we both were afraid to lose contact, but in the end, we resolved it.
Then I thought our relation would be in risk, we both had afraid to lose totally contact, but in the end, we resolved it.	So I thought our relationship would be at risk, and we both were afraid we might lose contact totally, but in the end, we resolved it.
Then I thought our relation would be in risk, we both had afraid to lose totally contact, but in the end, we resolved it.	I thought our relation would be in jeopardy , and we both were afraid to totally lose contact. Thank goodness we resolved it.
I must say the new communications media (internet, cellphone) help us a lot!	I must say the new means of communications (internet, cellphone) help us a lot!
I must say the new communications media (internet, cellphone) help us a lot!	I must say, being able to stay in touch with each other using the internet and our cellphones helps a lot!
But to meet us face to face is just invaluable, none media can produce that effect.	But to meet us face to face is just invaluable, no media can produce that effect.
But to meet us face to face is just invaluable, none media can produce that effect.	But, for us to meet face to face is invaluable. No electronics can replace the real thing.
Now, we both are planning to begin a Japanese course.	Now, we are both planning to begin a Japanese course.
Now, we both are planning to begin a Japanese course.	Now, we both are planning to begin a Japanese course.
Now, we both are planning to begin a Japanese course.	Now, we both are planning to begin a Japanese course.
She loves Japanese as much as I love it, and we wish to visit Japan someday… 	She loves Japanese as much as I do, and we wish to visit Japan someday… 
She loves Japanese as much as I love it, and we wish to visit Japan someday… 	She loves Japanese as much as I love it, and we wish to visit Japan someday… 
I'm back... just for a while	I'm back... just for a while
It has been a long time since my last post.	It has been a long time since my last post.
I’ve been very busy last months, basically with studies.	I’ve been very busy for these last few months. This has mostly been because of my studies.
University is so different from school!	University is so different from school!
There’s so much to read that sometimes I didn’t even go out home for more than a week.	There’s so much to read that sometimes I didn’t even go home for more than a week.
Being seven days indoors is exhausting and depressing.	Stayingentirely indoors for seven days is exhausting and depressing.
I love my career, but some subjects displease me… even so, I must approve them and that’s my problem: it’s really bothersome to study and learn something you don’t like, don’t you think so?	I love my career, but some subjects displease me… even so, I must study them and that’s my problem: it’s really bothersome to learn something you don’t like, don’t you think so?
At least for me is terrible!	At least for me this is terrible!
But well, finally holidays come!	The holidays have finally come!
I approved three subjects: Communication I, Expression and Anthropology.	I improved three subjects: Communication I, Expression and Anthropology.
They didn’t give me my grade at Economics yet; last Friday I took the final exam, so tomorrow I will receive the result.	They didn’t give me my grade in Economics yet; last Friday I took the final exam, so tomorrow I will receive my results.
I’m a little worry; however I supposed I did it well… I hope so!!!!	I’m a little worried; however I think I did well… I hope so!!!!
I really don’t want to take an Economics exam never again!	I really don’t want to take an Economics exam ever again!
Now that I’m free, I wanna do more posts here.	Now that I have more free time, I want to write more posts here.
I’m thinking to write or translate stories.	I’m thinking to write or translate stories.
Last time I translated a text which I love and it wasn’t difficult.	Last time I translated a text which I love and it wasn’t difficult.
Then I tried the same with a story I wrote by myself, and it wasn’t the same… it turned very complicated to convert some Spanish expressions to English, to found the words in a different language.	Then I tried the same with a story I wrote by myself, and it wasn’t the same… it became very complicated to convert some Spanish expressions to English- to find the words in a different language.
Maybe it’s because I still don’t know the common English expressions… for example, I could understand the meaning of “feeling blue” just days ago, until then I was wondering what was that, cause taking it literally was really strange.	Maybe it’s because I still don’t know the common English expressions… for example, I couldn't understand the meaning of “feeling blue” just days ago, until then I was wondering what it was , taking it literally was really strange.
On the other side, Lang8 is helping me a lot, I mean people here are helping me to improve my English, and I’m grateful to them… to you!!!!	On the other side, Lang8 is helping me a lot, I mean people here are helping me to improve my English, and I’m grateful to them… to you!!!!
Unfortunately I’m having serious problems with my PC, I’m getting tired of this… I’m thinking of buy one new and throw it away!!	Unfortunately I’m having serious problems with my PC, I’m getting tired of this… I’m thinking of buy one new and throw it away!!
Far away!!	Far away!!
Yeah!	Yeah!
It’s making me furious!!!	It’s making me furious!!!
I can’t connect to internet, neither listen music…just write, well at least write!	I can’t connect to internet, or listen music…just write. Well at least I can stillwrite!
haha then it’s probably I won’t see the corrections until New Year.	haha then I probably won’t see the corrections until New Year.
So, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!!	So, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!!
:D	:D
Good news!!!!!	Good news!!!!!
Like I said in the last publication, last Friday I had an english test.	Like I said in the last publication, last Friday I had an english test.
As my professor hadn't sent me any notice, yesterday I sent her an e-mail asking about the exam's results.	As my professor hadn't sent me any notice, yesterday I sent her an e-mail asking about the exam's results.
A few minutes ago, I checked my mails, and when I saw her name I got nervous again.	A few minutes ago, I checked my mail, and when I saw her name I got nervous again.
I made click in the link and read the answer: "You did it very well!!!!!	I clicked the link and read the answer: "You did it very well!!!!!
You had 8.50 in the written and 9 in the oral!!!!!!" 	You had 8.50 in the written and 9 in the oral!!!!!!" 
At first, I couldn't believe this, but now that I realize, I'm veeeeery happy!!!!!!!!!	At first, I couldn't believe this, but now that I realize, I'm veeeeery happy!!!!!!!!!
So, after thank her, I hurried up to write this and telling you the good news.	So, after thanking her, I hurried up to write this and tell you the good news.
"paying a debt"	"paying a debt"
There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda” which translation means (literally) “Every promise is a debt”.	There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda” which when translated means (literally) “Every promise is a debt”.
There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda” which translation means (literally) “Every promise is a debt”.	There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda,” which translated (literally) means “Every promise is a debt”.
There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda” which translation means (literally) “Every promise is a debt”.	There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda” which when translated literally means “Every promise is a debt”.
In other words, you must fulfill every promise that you make.	In other words, you must fulfill every promise that you make.
So, here I am, paying my debt and sharing some pics of my vacations with you!	So, here I am, paying my debt and sharing some pics of my vacation with you!
So, here I am, paying my debt and sharing some pics of my vacations with you!	So, here I am, paying my debt and sharing some pics of my vacation with you!
Someone asked me sometime if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practice surf).	Someone asked me sometime if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practiced surfing).
Someone asked me sometime if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practice surf).	Someone asked me once if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practice surf).
Someone asked me sometime if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practice surf).	Someone once asked me if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practice surfing).
At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely, but now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea has risen, and the beach has totally disappeared.	At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely, but now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea had risen, and the beach totally disappeared.
At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely, but now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea has risen, and the beach has totally disappeared.	At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely, but now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea had risen, and the beach had totally disappeared.
At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely, but now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea has risen, and the beach has totally disappeared.	At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely. Now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea rose and the beach completely disappeared.
It was an incredible spectacle!	It was an incredible spectacle!
My friend and I walked around the footbridge over the beach, and took some photos.	My friend and I walked around the footbridge over the beach and took some photos.
And then, we saw it: there, in the middle of the sea, so faraway, there were two surfers!!!	And then, we saw it: there, in the middle of the sea, so faraway, there were two surfers!!!
We stood watching it and we noticed there weren’t two, but three, four, five, almost six surfers!!!!!	We stood watching them and we noticed there weren’t two, but three, four, five, almost six surfers!!!!!
We stood watching it and we noticed there weren’t two, but three, four, five, almost six surfers!!!!!	We stood...watching them. That's when we noticed something: there wasn't just two, nor three, not even four, but five surfers!!!!!
If you look the first photo, you’ll be able to see two of them (the first two that we saw).	If you look at the first photo, you’ll be able to see two of them (the first two that we saw).
If you look the first photo, you’ll be able to see two of them (the first two that we saw).	If you look at the first photo, you’ll be able to see two of them (the first two that we saw).
Sorry for the quality and size, it was the closest we could stand.	Sorry about the quality and size, it was the closest we could get to them.
The second one is a common day at beach, and the third when the sea was rise (this is for you understand and see the difference between a sea in normal state and when it’s rise).	The second one is a normal day at beach, and the third is when the sea had risen. (this is for you to understand and see the difference between the sea in it's normal state and when it rises).
The second one is a common day at beach, and the third when the sea was rise (this is for you understand and see the difference between a sea in normal state and when it’s rise).	The second one is a common day at the beach, and the third is when the tide was in (this is to help you understand and see the difference between a sea at low tide and at high tide).
The second one is a common day at beach, and the third when the sea was rise (this is for you understand and see the difference between a sea in normal state and when it’s rise).	The second one is a common day at beach, and the third was from when the sea was rose (this is for you to better understand and see the difference between a sea in normal state and when it’s risen).
[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos, but then I noticed that they weren’t so much as I’ve imagined… so I’m a little disappoint right now.	[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos, but then I noticed that they weren’t what I had imagined… so I’m a little disappointed right now.
[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos, but then I noticed that they weren’t so much as I’ve imagined… so I’m a little disappoint right now.	[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos, but then I noticed that they weren’t so much as I’ve imagined… so I’m a little disappointed right now.
[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos, but then I noticed that they weren’t so much as I’ve imagined… so I’m a little disappoint right now.	[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos. They did not turn out as well as I had hoped or They weren't quite what I had imagined… so I’m a little disappointed right now.
Anyway, I think I can write about others things, and post others pics that I like.	Anyway, I think I can write about others things and post other pics that I like.
Hope you'll like it!!] 	Hope you like them!!] 
...about the North Pole	...about the North Pole
Hi!!	Hi!!
Wooo two posts in the same week… seems like I’m doing my homework haha 	Wooo two posts in the same week… seems like I’m doing my homework. Haha!
This time the writing is about a traumatic expedition to the North Pole… Enjoy it!	This time the writing is about a traumatic expedition to the North Pole… Enjoy it!
[This isn’t real ok?	[This isn't real, ok?
It’s just a writing (fiction) which I did for my English class]	It’s just a fictional story which I wrote for my English class]
"An incredible and sad story"	"An incredible and sad story"
Hello!	Hello!
My name is John Steward and I’m a marine biologist.	My name is John Steward and I’m a marine biologist.
I’m also professor at the Millersville University of Pennsylvania.	I’m also professor at the Millersville University of Pennsylvania.
In spite of the benefits and satisfactions that teaching offers me, I still think that this isn’t the best job for me.	In spite of the benefits and satisfactions that teaching offers me, I still think that this isn’t the best job for me.
Years ago, I used to be an investigator, but after suffering a traumatic experience I had to resign.	Years ago, I used to be an investigator, but after suffering a traumatic experience, I had to resign.
It happened on 1977, when I was 27 years old.	It happened in 1977, when I was 27 years old.
At that time, I was already graduated and I was member of some investigations.	At that time, I had already graduated and I was member of some investigations.
Then, one rainy morning, I got a phone call.	Then, one rainy morning, I got a phone call.
My superior and some classmates were forming a team and preparing an expedition to the North Pole; they were needing a computer genius so they had decided to invite me.	My superior and some classmates were forming a team in preparation for an expedition to the North Pole. They needed a computer genius, so they decided to invite me.
I though it would be an amazing experience, so I accepted it immediately.	I though it would be an amazing experience, so I accepted it immediately.
After a week, on March 5th, we began our trip.	We left one week later, on March 5th.
As the North Pole is an inaccessible area, it took us almost two days to arrive there.	As the North Pole is an inaccessible area, it took us almost two days to arrive there.
First we had to travel 3 hours by bus to the airport, and then we had to take a plane to the Borneo floating base.	First we had to travel 3 hours by bus to the airport, and then we had to take a plane to the Borneo floating base.
There we boarded a plane called Antonov 74, which is the only airfreight able to fly across places with bad conditions weather.	There we boarded a plane called Antonov 74, which is the only airfreight able to fly across places with bad conditions weather.
When we finally arrived, it was really cold, almost -20ºC.	When we finally arrived, it was really cold, almost -20ºC.
In spite of being day all time (it was always day because it was summer; while in winter is always night, there’s no day light), the temperature didn’t change, it was very cold and I suffered it a lot because I wasn’t used to it.	In spite of being day all time (it was always day because it was summer; while in winter is always night, there’s no day light), the temperature didn’t change, it was very cold and I suffered from it a lot because I wasn’t used to it.
We spent two months there; we created good memories and we collected a lot of information for our research.	We spent two months there; we created good memories and we collected a lot of information for our research.
But we also witnessed a sadly success… 	But, we also witnessed a saddening sight.
It happened in the third week, when my team and I were looking fish’s species.	It happened in the third week, when my team and I were looking for fish species.
I heard a loud crying behind us, so I turned back and I saw him: a lonely baby seal was following us.	I heard a loud crying behind us, so I turned back and I saw him: a lonely baby seal was following us.
I was shocked.	I was shocked.
That was a defenceless and cute animal, just asking us for help.	It was a defenseless and cute animal, just asking us for help.
We didn’t know what to do.	We didn’t know what to do.
Still frightened, I proposed to take him with us to some zoological garden in the city, but my classmates objected it.	Still frightened, I proposed to take him with us to some zoological garden in the city, but my classmates objected.
After some discussions, we decided to look for some seal’s herd where we could leave him.	After some discussions, we decided to look for some seal’s herd where we could leave him.
Four days had passed and we hadn’t found any other seal yet.	Four days had passed and we hadn’t found any other seal yet.
Meanwhile, the seal was staying in our shack.	Meanwhile, the seal was staying in our shack.
Day by day, we all became very fond of him; the idea of leaving him was becoming a difficult work.	Day by day, we all became very fond of him; the idea of leaving him was becoming a difficult work.
So, when we finally found a herd, it took us a time to say goodbye.	So, when we finally found a herd, it was hard to say goodbye.
When we came back, everything was different.	When we came back, everything was different.
That baby seal had deeply touched my heart and feelings; I will never forget him.	That baby seal had deeply touched my heart and feelings; I will never forget him.
In spite of being the most shocking experience I’ve ever had, I think I couldn’t go through anything like this again.	In spite of being the most shocking experience I’ve ever had, I think I couldn’t go through anything like this again.
That’s why I decided to become a teacher, even if it’s hard.	That’s why I decided to become a teacher, even if it’s hard.
Friend's Day	Friend's Day
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
This last days I was a little busy studying and doing other things, so I really didn't have time to write this.	These past few days I was a little busy studying and doing other things, so I really didn't have time to write this.
But now, taking a break, I decide to express something, just a few words to practice.	But now, taking a break, I decided to express something, just a few words to practice.
Thinking about the things I did today, I want to tell you the most important one: Today we have a celebration; in my country, 20st July is the Friend's Day (Día del Amigo).	Thinking about the things I did today, I want to tell you the most important one: Today we have a celebration; in my country, 20st July is the Friend's Day (Día del Amigo).
In this date, most of the people (especially the students or the young people) meet togheter with their friends, have a dinner or a picnic in a park.	On this day, most people (especially students or young people) meet together with their friends, have dinner or a picnic in a park.
I wanted to celebrate it with my friends, but we couldn't reach an agreement, so we decided to pospose the "party" to the next wednesday.	I wanted to celebrate it with my friends, but we couldn't reach an agreement, so we decided to postpone the "party" to next wednesday.
If the weather is ok, we're going to go to the park; if it's not ok, we're going to stay all the afternoon at the house of one of my friends, watching movies, talking, eating and doing many funny things.	If the weather is ok, we're going to go to the park; if it's not ok, we're going to spend the afternoon at one of my friends' house, watching movies, talking, eating and doing many fun things.
Personally, I prefer spend time outside, so I hope the weather is good.	Personally, I prefer spending time outside, so I hope the weather is good.
(Note: I had doubts, especially about the last sentence: Should I put "I hope the weather will be find" or use "going to"?	(Note: I had doubts, especially about the last sentence: Should I put "I hope the weather will be find" or use "going to"?
Thak you so much for the help!!!!!)	Thak you so much for the help!!!!!)
So nervous!!!	So nervous!!!
Last Friday I had an english test.	Last Friday I had an english test.
It had two parts: an oral and a write test (I don't know how to say it, this part is like a common test, handwritting).	It had two parts: an oral and a written test (I don't know how to say it, this part is like a common test, handwritting).
I'm sure I passed the oral, but in the other test, I had to write a composition (no more than 180 words) which was the 40% of the total (I wanted to write cost, but I'm not sure if it's allright, so I put was...	I'm sure I passed the oral, but in the other test, I had to write a composition (no more than 180 words) which was the 40% of the total (I wanted to write cost, but I'm not sure if it's alright, so what I put was...
it's this ok?) and it was a little difficult to me.	it's this ok?) and it was a little difficult to me.
Even so, in general, I think I did it well.	Even so, in general, I think I did it well.
But I really don't know, because the professor still hasn't given me the result, and I'm very nervous right now!!!!!!!	But I really don't know, because the professor still hasn't given me the result, and I'm very nervous right now!!!!!!!
and everyday that pass, I got more nervous.	and everyday that pass, I got more nervous.
I hope she will mail it to me tomorrow, but if she doesn't,  I think I will become crazy!	I hope she will mail it to me tomorrow, but if she doesn't,  I think I will become crazy!
Hi Hi!!!	Hi Hi!!!
Hello again!	Hello again!
Last time I said I would like to make more publications in lang, but in the end I was so busy that I couldn’t do it :S	Last time I said I would like to make more publications in lang, but in the end I was so busy that I couldn’t do it :S
I’m searching some texts to translate them and publish here.	I’m searching for some texts to translate and publish here.
I can’t find an easy one, all the texts are really complicated to translate because have very common Spanish expressions and I don’t know their equivalent in English.	I can’t find an easy one, all the texts are really complicated to translate because they have very common Spanish expressions and I don’t know their equivalent in English.
I can’t find an easy one, all the texts are really complicated to translate because have very common Spanish expressions and I don’t know their equivalent in English.	I can’t find an easy one, all the texts are too complicated to translate because have very common Spanish expressions and I don’t know their equivalents in English.
Changing the topic, it’s been really hot in my country these last days, I can take it anymore… I hate hot!!!!!	Changing the topic, it’s been really hot in my country these last days, I can't take it anymore… I hate heat!!!!!
Changing the topic, it’s been really hot in my country these last days, I can take it anymore… I hate hot!!!!!	Changing the topic, it’s been really hot in my country these last few days, I can't take it anymore… I hate the heat!!!!!
I wish winter comes soon!!!	I wish winter would come soon!!!
I’d like to go to sea and spend some days there.	I’d like to go to the sea and spend some days there.
Ahh the sea is so refreshing!!	Ahh the sea is so refreshing!!
I miss it!!	I miss it!!
Besides my best friend isn’t here, she’s on vavations (at the beach yeah!	Besides my best friend isn’t here, she’s on vacations (at the beach yeah!
Besides my best friend isn’t here, she’s on vavations (at the beach yeah!	Besides my best friend isn’t here, she’s on vacation at the beach yeah!
I envy her jaja) so I’m getting boring of the city.	I envy her jaja) so I’m getting bored of the city.
I envy her jaja) so I’m getting boring of the city.	I envy her haha and I’m getting boring of the city.
I’ll try to publish more often.	I’ll try to publish more often.
See you!!!!	See you!!!!
Pd: did anyone notice my last publication?	PS: did anyone notice my last publication?
It hasn’t corrections… Was it good?	It hasn’t any corrections… Was it good?
Or just nobody correct it?	Or just nobody corrected it?
I’m a little worried about that, if you can, please take it a look and tell if it’s fine or not.	I’m a little worried about that, if you can, please take a look at it and tell me if it’s fine or not.
Friday afternoon	Friday afternoon
Hello everybody!!	Hello everybody!!
Today was my last free day.	Today was my last free day.
The next week I still will be in holidays, but I'm going to start studying for my final exam on monday 10th, so I really won't have time to lose in other stuffs.	Next week I still will be on holiday, but I'm going to start studying for my final exam on Monday the 10th, so I won't really have time to lose doing other stuff.
To remember and, in a way, to joy this day, I planned going shopping and met with friends, but everything was destroyed: when I woke up, I realised that it was raining and it also was very cold and windy.	To remember and, in a way, to enjoy this day, I planned to go shopping and meet with friends, but everything was ruined: when I woke up, I realised that it was raining and it also was very cold and windy.
I got depressed, I stayed in bed until midday and talked to my friends to cancel the plans.	I got depressed, I stayed in bed until midday and talked to my friends to cancel the plans.
After lunch, I decided to watch tv, so I sat in the sofa and started to do "zapping" looking for some movie or serie.	After lunch, I decided to watch TV, so I sat on the sofa and started to do "zapping" looking for some movie or series.
I found a very dramatic film that made me more sad.	I found a very dramatic film that made me sadder.
I changed the channel, and suddenly I had the idea of making a cake.	I changed the channel, and suddenly I had the idea of making a cake.
Then, I looked for the family recipe's book and I chose to make a "pastafrola" (a cake fill with jam).	Then, I looked for the family recipe book and I chose to make a "pastafrola" (a cake filled with jam).
I collected all the necesary ingredients and started cooking.	I collected all the necessary ingredients and started baking.
An hour later, the cake was already made, ready to eat.	An hour later, the cake was already made, ready to eat.
Even so, I'm going to keep it for tomorrow afternoon, to eat it with all the family (but first I'm going to check it and only take it if it's tasty).	Even so, I'm going to keep it for tomorrow afternoon, to eat it with the whole family (but first I'm going to try it and only take it if it's tasty).
I wish my family would like it and aprove my cooking!	I hope my family will like it and approve of my cooking!
See you!	See you!
English class	English class
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
How are you?	How are you?
It’s been a long since my last publication… I’ve been really busy – I’m still busy haha – but last week I had to write a text for my English class and now I wanna show you the result, then you can correct my mistakes.	It’s been a long since my last publication… I’ve been really busy – I’m still busy haha – but last week I had to write a text for my English class and now I wanna show you the result, then you can correct my mistakes.
(Please correct me!!!	(Please correct me!!!
"Hey, do you want a vacuum cleaner?"	"Hey, do you want a vacuum cleaner?"
Being a door to door sales agent isn’t pleasant at all.	Being a door to door salesman isn’t pleasant at all.
I’ve been doing this for almost two months.	I’ve been doing this for almost two months.
When I applied for this work, as I was new in the business, my superior hired me for a trial period, during which I had to walk around the city and get some clients.	When I applied for this job, I was new in the business, so my superior hired me for a trial period, during which I had to walk around the city and get some clients.
But selling vacuum cleaners is not easy, and the worst was that I had to sell at least 2000 vacuum cleaners for week.	But selling vacuum cleaners is not easy, and the worst was that I had to sell at least 2000 vacuum cleaners for the week.
But selling vacuum cleaners is not easy, and the worst was that I had to sell at least 2000 vacuum cleaners for week.	But selling vacuum cleaners is not easy, and the worst part was that I had to sell at least 2000 vacuum cleaners for the week.
As I thought at the beginning: it was going to be really troublesome.	As I thought at the beginning: it was going to be really troublesome.
At that time my chief had to travel abroad for a business meeting, so he just gave me the catalogues and ordered me to begin with the work.	At that time my chief had to travel abroad for a business meeting, so he just gave me the catalogues and ordered me to begin with the work.
I had no idea what to do, far from it how to get clients.	I had no idea what to do, far from it. I had no clue how to get clients.
Then I thought about who could be a client… what kind of person or company would buy vacuum cleaners?	Then I thought about who could be a client… what kind of person or company would buy vacuum cleaners?
After searching some information in the web, I wrote a list of 50 places where I could go to sell the products.	After searching some information on the web, I wrote a list of 50 places where I could go to sell the product.
Those vacuum cleaners were new imported products, therefore they weren’t known in the country.	The vacuum cleaners were a new imported product, therefore they weren’t known in the country.
I wanted to benefit from that and, in view of that, I tried to explain the main characters of the products.	I wanted to benefit from that and, in view of that, I tried to explain the main characteristics of the product.
Besides they weren’t really expensive and, depending the price or size of the products, there were some promotions that made them more advisable.	Besides they weren’t really expensive and, depending on the price or size of the vacuum, there were some promotions that made them more sellable.
The first week I went to 12 important companies which sold electrical appliances.	The first week I went to 12 important companies which sold electrical appliances.
They all were located in the city centre, so I had to travel a lot by bus and subway.	They all were located in the city centre, so I had to travel a lot by bus and subway.
They were huge buildings of more than 10 floors of offices.	They were huge buildings of more than 10 floors of offices.
At the entrance there were always two or three receptionists who sent me to commercial areas, where I could talk with some employees and get their contacts.	At the entrance there were always two or three receptionists who sent me to commercial areas, where I could talk with some employees and get their contacts.
I was really nervous and eager, but at the end of the month I could sell almost a hundred vacuum cleaners.	I was really nervous and eager, but at the end of the month I could sell almost a hundred vacuum cleaners.
I was really happy, but my superior didn’t feel the same.	I was really happy, but my superior didn’t feel the same.
He reprimanded me a lot.	He reprimanded me a lot.
But he gave me another chance.	But he gave me another chance.
So, here I am, still trying to sell these horrible vacuum cleaners, which (to tell the truth) don’t even work.	So, here I am, still trying to sell these horrible vacuum cleaners, which (to tell the truth) don’t even work.
(sorry for this, It isn't my best essay - I really didn't know what to write about :S)  	(sorry for this, It isn't my best essay - I really didn't know what to write about :S)  
Trekking: as healthy as dangerous	Trekking: as healthy as it is dangerous
Hi!!	Hi!!
Once again, I had to write an article for my English class.	Once again, I had to write an article for my English class.
It was about “How to be safe if you go walking in the country or the mountains”	It is about “How to be safe if you go walking in the countryside or the mountains”.
It was about “How to be safe if you go walking in the country or the mountains”	It was about “How to be safe when you go walking in the country or the mountains”. - "how to be safe" could also be "how to take care"
I’m posting it here hoping that you could correct my mistakes.	I’m posting it here hoping that you could correct my mistakes. - that's ok but "...here in the hope that..." sounds slightly better
Thanks for everything!!	Thanks for everything!!
--  Trekking: as healthy as dangerous --	-- Trekking: as healthy as it is dangerous --
Ups, I didn’t know that… 	Oops, I didn’t know that…
How to prevent and face some of the common risks of doing trekking	How to prevent and face some of the common risks of doing trekking - face is okay but "respond to" is also ok. "while trekking" might be good as well
If you love being outdoors, or going for a walk through forests or in the mountains, or just walking for a long time, then trekking is ideal for you.	If you love being outdoors, going for a walk through forests or the mountains or just walking for a long time, then trekking is ideal for you.
This is good for health because it involves both physical and mental work.	It is good for health because it involves both physical and mental work.
This is good for health because it involves both physical and mental work.	It's good for your health because it involves both physical and mental work. - "work" is an okay word but "exercise" might be better because "work" is a bit more of a negative word
Trekking isn’t a relaxing activity; it has his risks.	However, trekking isn’t a relaxing activity; it has its risks.
If you’re thinking of doing it, you must take care of several things… for example; do you know what to do if a bad-tempered dog appears in front of you?	If you’re thinking of doing it, you must take care of several things… for example; do you know what to do if you encounter a bad-tempered dog? - more natural
Or if a storm starts?	Or if a storm starts?
Or if you get injured?	Or if you get injured?
Obviously you can’t always prevent these incidents, but at least you can learn how to survive to them.	Obviously you can’t always prevent these kinds of things from happening, but at least you can learn how to get through them.
So, here you have some advices and tips that may be useful for you:	So, here you have some tips that may be useful for you:
So, here you have some advices and tips that may be useful for you:	So, here is some advice and some tips that may be useful for you:
[A bad-tempered dog]	[A bad-tempered dog]
If a dog comes to you barking and grunting, don't run away: the animal may run after you.	If a dog comes barking and growling at you, don't run away: the animal may run after you. - "grunt" is an unusual word. It's more like a noise a human makes when he's annoyed or been hit.
Don’t use your arms to defend yourself; the dog could see it as an aggression.	Don’t use your arms to defend yourself; the dog could see it as an act of aggression.
Just try to move away slowly, to avoid a possible attack.	Just try to move away slowly to avoid a possible attack. - or maybe "to avoid angering it"
Anyway, if the animal attacks you, just try to give him something to bite, like a branch, a hat or a bottle of water; anything unless your body.	Anyway, if the animal attacks you, just try to give it something to bite, like a branch, a hat or a bottle of water; anything but your body.
Anyway, if the animal attacks you, just try to give him something to bite, like a branch, a hat or a bottle of water; anything unless your body.	Anyway, if the animal attacks you, just try to give him something to bite, like a branch, a hat or a bottle of water; anything except your body.
[Blisters]	[Blisters]
I you get a blister on your foot, stop walking and find the reason of the irritation.	If you get a blister on your foot, stop walking and find the cause of it.
If it’s caused for some fold of the sock or loose shoe, try to correct it.	If it’s caused by some fold of the sock or loose shoe, try to correct it.
If it’s caused for some fold of the sock or loose shoe, try to correct it.	If it’s being caused by the sock or because your shoe is loose, try to fix it.
If the slight pain continues, take off the other sock or use a handkerchief as an additional protection.	If the pain continues, take off the other sock or use a handkerchief as additional protection.
If the slight pain continues, take off the other sock or use a handkerchief as an additional protection.	If the pain continues, take off the other sock or use a handkerchief for additional protection. - maybe instead of "slight pain" you could use "irritation"
This way, you’ll be able to go on.	This way, you’ll be able to go on. - or "able to continue with your journey"
But when you have finished the exercise, clean the affected area and put some cream and bandage on it.	But when you have finished the exercise, clean the affected area and put some cream and a bandage on it.
It is very important to use some good footwear to avoid this problem.	It is very important to use good footwear to avoid this problem.
[An electric storm]	[An electric storm]
If you get stuck in a storm, the best you can do is to look for an open space and to bend down nearest to the ground as it’s possible.	If you get stuck in a storm, the best you can do is to look for an open space and bend down as near to the ground as possible.
Stay away from trees and metal materials which conduct electricity.	Stay away from trees and metal materials which conduct electricity.
If suddenly your hair stand on end and you taste like copper, it means a ray is going to strike nearly.	If suddenly your hair stands on end and you taste like copper, it means a thunderbolt is going to strike near.
If suddenly your hair stand on end and you taste like copper, it means a ray is going to strike nearly.	If, suddenly, your hair stands on end and you taste copper, it means a lightning is going to strike any second.
In that case, you should put your feet and legs together and cover your ears with your hands.	In that case, you should put your feet and legs together and cover your ears with your hands.
Try to stay down, squatting on your toetip.	Try to stay down, squatting on your toetips.
Try to stay down, squatting on your toetip.	Try to stay down, squatting on the tips of your toes.
You must never lie down on the floor, because you might get an electric shock if a ray hits around.	You must never lie down on the floor, because you might get an electric shock if a thunderbolt hits around.
You must never lie down on the floor, because you might get an electric shock if a ray hits around.	You must never lie down on the floor, because you might get an electric shock if lightning strikes near you.
[A stab of pain on the abdomen]	[A stabbing pain on the abdomen]
[A stab of pain on the abdomen]	[A stabbing pain in the abdomen]
If this happens to you, slow down the walking or stop it completely and put your arm up.	If this happens to you, slow down the walking or stop it completely and put your arms up.
If this happens to you, slow down the walking or stop it completely and put your arm up.	If this happens to you, walk slower or stop completely and put your arm up in the air.
With your arm extended, stretch your body to the opposite side of the pain.	With your arms extended, stretch your body to the opposite side of the pain.
With your arm extended, stretch your body to the opposite side of the pain.	With your arm extended, stretch your body, opposite to the area of pain. - tricky sentence
To prevent this pain, you should keep a diet based on easily digestible foods like bread or bananas, and sport drinks, especially before the walking.	To prevent this pain, you should keep a diet based on easily digestible foods like bread or bananas, and sports drinks, especially before the walking.
To prevent this pain, you should keep a diet based on easily digestible foods like bread or bananas, and sport drinks, especially before the walking.	To prevent this pain, you should try to maintain a diet of easily digestible foods like bread or bananas and consume sports drinks, especially before walking.
And it’s essential to keep hydrated during the whole exercise.	And it’s essential to keep yourself hydrated during the whole exercise.
[Sunburn]	[Sunburn]
Spending much time under the sun could be health hazard for you if you don’t take the necessary cares.	Spending much time under the sun could be a health hazard for you if you don’t take care.
Spending much time under the sun could be health hazard for you if you don’t take the necessary cares.	Spending too much time under the sun can be a health hazard if you don’t take the necessary precautions.
One of the measures to be taken is to wear a hat to reduce the risk of getting sunburned or heat exhaustion.	One thing you can do is to wear a hat to reduce the risk of getting sunburned or suffering from heat exhaustion.
You should also put some sun block cream on your face and every part of your body exposed to the sunlight.	You should also put some sun block on your face and every part of your body exposed to the sunlight.
You should also put some sun block cream on your face and every part of your body exposed to the sunlight.	You should also put some sunblock or sun tan lotion on your face and every part of your body exposed to the sunlight.
[A twisted ankle]	[A twisted ankle]
Try to walk slowly and then increase the speed of the walking to check the importance of the lesion.	Try to walk slowly and then increase the speed to check the importance of the injury.
Try to walk slowly and then increase the speed of the walking to check the importance of the lesion.	Try to walk slowly and then increase your walking speed to check the extent of the injury.
If you can walk quickly without feeling any pain, just come back your home.	If you can walk quickly without feeling any pain, just go back home.
If you can walk quickly without feeling any pain, just come back your home.	If you can walk quickly without feeling any pain, just come back home.
If your ankle is swollen, take your sock down to check if there are bones out of place.	If your ankle is swollen, roll down your sock to check if there are any bones out of place.
However keep your sock and shoe put, because the compression helps to avoid the swelling.	However keep your sock and shoe on, because the pressure helps avoid swelling.
Once you arrived home, put some ice on your ankle and keep it raised.	Once you arrive home, put some ice on your ankle and keep it raised.
Once you arrived home, put some ice on your ankle and keep it raised.	Once you arrive home, put some ice on your ankle and keep it in a raised position.
If the pain continues, call a doctor.	If the pain continues, call a doctor.
Making a list of the things to carry on with you could save you of being in troubles.	Making a list of the things to carry on with you could save you from being in trouble.
Making a list of the things to carry on with you could save you of being in troubles.	Making a list of the things to carry with you could save you from being in trouble.
Insect repellent, a first-aid box, a map, a compass, a knife, a flashlight, some food rich in carbohydrates, water, an extra pair of sock, a raincoat or windbreaker, a hat and gloves are some of the items you must take note.	Insect repellent, a first-aid box, a map, a compass, a knife, a flashlight, some food rich in carbohydrates, water, an extra pair of socks, a raincoat or windbreaker, a hat and gloves are some of the items you must take note of.
Insect repellent, a first-aid box, a map, a compass, a knife, a flashlight, some food rich in carbohydrates, water, an extra pair of sock, a raincoat or windbreaker, a hat and gloves are some of the items you must take note.	Insect repellent, a first-aid box, a map, a compass, a knife, a flashlight, some food rich in carbohydrates, water, an extra pair of socks, a raincoat or windbreaker, a hat and some gloves are some of the items you must take note of. - first aid kit is also quite a common word
And always remember to try to leave some mark on those places where you could possibly get lost.	And always remember to try to mark places where you might get lost. - might is a bit more natural
Finally, after taking all these things in consideration, it only rests you to spend an entertaining experience, breathing fresh air and enjoying the beauties of our mother nature.	Finally, what's left is to enjoy an entertaining experience, breathing fresh air and watching the beauties of our mother nature.
Finally, after taking all these things in consideration, it only rests you to spend an entertaining experience, breathing fresh air and enjoying the beauties of our mother nature.	Finally, after taking all these things into consideration, make sure to have a good time , breathing the fresh air and enjoying mother nature's beauty.
Jajangmyeon	Jajangmyeon
You wake up right after having been drinking the whole night, trying to recall the eyes of those girls who were talking to you for the longest time, but you could only be able to remember her very smile, remaining on your head for several seconds just to be replaced by the picture of a women’s  slight movement that you finally got to mistake with a dream to be forgotten.	You wake up right after having been drinking the whole night, trying to recall the eyes of those girls who were talking to you for the longest time, but you could only be able to remember her very smile, remaining on your head for several seconds just to be replaced by the picture of a women’s  slight movement that you finally got to mistake with a dream to be forgotten.
And that’s all because you were able to get softly poisoned by ethanol just as you wanted.	And that’s all because you were able to get softly poisoned by ethanol just as you wanted.
However, before that happened, as always, you could do blanace between the adventages and dissadventages of getting drunk – Although actually you never think about anything when you are drinking, you just let if low as vodka flows in your throat while you're thinking they poured too much orange and too little of the other  - And you get to think that only the positive things will last in your memory.	However, before that happened, as always, you could do blanace between the adventages and dissadventages of getting drunk – Although actually you never think about anything when you are drinking, you just let if low as vodka flows in your throat while you're thinking they poured too much orange and too little of the other  - And you get to think that only the positive things will last in your memory.
At least now you have the number of a girl that certainly will spend some time playing with you as much as you play with her,  and now you can wonder what that means.	At least now you have the number of a girl that certainly will spend some time playing with you as much as you play with her,  and now you can wonder what that means.
So you go home, and you look at some shining streetlights to realize that they look like they were alive and wanted to run away from you in fear, and you let yourself be seduced by the jajjangmyeon aroma on they way, so you can’t avoid trying it and you end up thinking how good is eating and how bad are women.	So you go home, and you look at some shining streetlights to realize that they look like they were alive and wanted to run away from you in fear, and you let yourself be seduced by the jajjangmyeon aroma on they way, so you can’t avoid trying it and you end up thinking how good is eating and how bad are women.
But for sure, by the next day, the only thing you can recall is that woman’s smile.	But for sure, by the next day, the only thing you can recall is that woman’s smile.
help me with this!!	help me with this!!
CHILD’S HAIRCUT.- there is a custom from Chiñama.	CHILD’S HAIRCUT.- there is a custom from Chiñama.
It is about the first haircut of the child and it is called “ LANDA”.	It is about the first haircut of the child and it is called “ LANDA”.
In this event, the mother has to look for the child’s godparents.	In this event, the mother has to look for the child’s godparents.
There are many guests such as the child’s family, neighbours and friends.	There are many guests such as the child’s family, neighbours and friends.
The godparents are the first people who cut the child’s hair and then they give some money to the child.	The godparents are the first people who cut the child’s hair and then they give some money to the child.
Later the guests will cut the child’s hair and leave some money too.	Later the guests will cut the child’s hair and leave some money too.
The godparents must count all the money and give it to the child’s mother.	The godparents must count all the money and give it to the child’s mother.
At the end of this great event, the mother invites to the godparents a typicall meal called “ Hornado”.	At the end of this great event, the mother invites to the godparents a typicall meal called “ Hornado”.
It is a meal with meat and each cow’s leg is for the godparents and after eating.	It is a meal with meat and each cow’s leg is for the godparents and after eating.
The dance 	The dance 
Hi	Hi
Hi I'm Rosie and i'm a beginner in Lang-8 	Hi I'm Rosie and I'm a beginner in Lang-8
But i need improve my english	But I need to improve my English
I don'n know how work this, but i'm delighted	I don't know how work this, but I'm delighted anyway!
I live in Alicante 10 years ago but i was born in Uruguay	I have been living in Alicante for the last 10 years but I was born in Uruguay.
I hope don't be wrong too mach	I hope I don't make too many mistakes!
Zombies (Chapter 1)	Zombies (Chapter 1)
Finally I had reached the safe house.	Finally I had reached the safe house.
Twenty more steps, the groaning echoes of the undead still ringing in my ears as I remembered everything that had happened in the last 24 hours.	Twenty more steps, the groaning echoes of the undead still ringing in my ears as I remembered everything that had happened in the last 24 hours.
Ten more steps, the undead were closing in but I just clenched on to the only thing giving me the strength to continue.	Ten more steps, the undead were closing in but I just clenched on to the only thing giving me the strength to continue.
My feet felt weak, five more steps, every breath came in shallow and painful, my body groaned in protest, exhaustion was making my vision blurry but I just had to reach that door, that one door that lead to safety and back to my team.	My feet felt weak, five more steps, every breath came in shallow and painful, my body groaned in protest, exhaustion was making my vision blurry but I just had to reach that door, that one door that lead to safety and back to my team.
I heard glass breaking as windows were shattered.	I heard glass breaking as windows were shattered.
I looked up just in time to see my friends taking positions on the windows of the fourth story house we were using as shelter for the time being.	I looked up just in time to see my friends taking positions on the windows of the fourth story house we were using as shelter for the time being.
The first volley was shot and took the first row of zombies with them but there were still too many of them.	The first volley was shot and took the first row of zombies with them but there were still too many of them.
Finally, I reached the door, just as I was about to twist the door knob I felt someone tug at the collar of my shirt, the rooting smell of the undead filled my nostrils as the zombie’s head aligned to my neck and prepared to sink it’s mouth into my flesh, I was too tired to move, too weak to protest I closed my eyes and waited, welcoming death like a long lost friend.	Finally, I reached the door, just as I was about to twist the door knob I felt someone tug at the collar of my shirt, the rooting smell of the undead filled my nostrils as the zombie’s head aligned to my neck and prepared to sink it’s mouth into my flesh, I was too tired to move, too weak to protest I closed my eyes and waited, welcoming death like a long lost friend.
The seconds ticked by, and I didn’t feel anything.	The seconds ticked by, and I didn’t feel anything.
Am I dead?	Am I dead?
I found myself asking, just as a warm hand grabbed my hand and helped me stand up.	I found myself asking, just as a warm hand grabbed my hand and helped me stand up.
“Get up, dummy!” that voice woke me up from my trance and I opened my eyes.	“Get up, dummy!” that voice woke me up from my trance and I opened my eyes.
could you help me to correct my mistakes in english?	could you help me to correct my mistakes in english?
M Y    H E R O I N E	M Y    H E R O I N E
I have had a heroine during all my life.	I have had the same heroine my whole life.
I have had a heroine during all my life.	I have had a heroine all of my life.
I have had a heroine during all my life.	I have had one heroine for my entire life.
She is a meek, sensible, and lovely woman, she has much beautiful qualities as woman.	She is a meek, sensible, and lovely woman. She has many beautiful qualities as a woman.
She is thin, short, she has red hair, she has brown eyes and she is fifty-one years old.	She is thin and short. She has red hair. She has brown eyes, and she is fifty-one years old.
She is thin, short, she has red hair, she has brown eyes and she is fifty-one years old.	She is thin and short, she has red hair and brown eyes and she is fifty-one years old.
She is housekeeper and all her life she has been hard working.	She is a housekeeper and all her life she has been a hard worker. 
She is housekeeper and all her life she has been hard working.	She is a housekeeper and she has been a hard-worker all her life.
She is very responsible, honest, and is very tidy in hers homework.	She is very responsible, honest, and is very tidy in her own house too.
She is very responsible, honest, and is very tidy in hers homework.	She is very responsible, honest, and is very tidy in her housework.
She has been my heroine because she has always been with me in all the moments that I have needed, in good and bad moments.	She has been my heroine my whole life because she has always been with me in all the moments that I have needed her, in both the good and bad moments.
She has given me advices and opinions about the situations or decisions in my life.	She has given me advice and opinions about the situations or decisions in my life.
She has taught me many things, for example I remember that in my childhood, she helped me to do my homework every day and she took care of me because I was sick almost all time.	She has taught me many things. For example I remember that in my childhood, she helped me to do my homework every day and she took care of me because I was sick almost all the time.
She has taught me many things, for example I remember that in my childhood, she helped me to do my homework every day and she took care of me because I was sick almost all time.	She has taught me many things. For example I remember that in my childhood, she helped me do my homework every day and she took care of me because I was sick almost all of the time.
She is a great woman, she is my mother.	She is a great woman. She is my mother.
My first Journal.	My first Journal.
Nice to meet you!!!	Nice to meet you!!!
I am Bryan.	I am Bryan.
I'm resgistered since the last year...	I have been registered since the last year.
for reasons like my lazyness, I haven't write anything.	I think I am lazy. I haven't write anything.
I don't know about what I most write in the journal, maybe about what happen in my dairy life?	I don't know what to  write about in my journal. Maybe about something that has happen in my daily life?
Actually anything come to my mind...	Actually nothing comes to my mind.
Maybe later I write about my classes in the college.	Maybe later I write about my classes in the college.
I am Studying physiotherapy and there are funny moments.	I am studying Physiotherapy and I have had a few  funny moments.
XD	XD
I am trying to learn Japanese too, but I don't feel like I can do a desent phrase...	I am trying to learn Japanese too, but I don't feel like I can make a desent sentence in Japanese.
Maybe I can make my first try with help of a dictionary and some large time.	But, maybe I can make my first attemp with the help of a dictionary and lot of time.
I wish make a lot of friends, and develop my English and my japanese.	I wish I could make a lot of friends that can help me improve on my English and my japanese.
Thank for yout time and most for all the help you give!!!	Thank for yout time and most for all your help!!!
The Hard Way	The Hard Way
Today was the Human's Anatomy Test...	Today was the Human's Anatomy Test...
It was really hard.	It was really hard.
That make me feel bad...	That make me feel bad...
I need high Score because the last one test was like a massacre, and this was worst....	I need high Score because the last one test was like a massacre, and this was worst....
The Test has a few of epics questions like: ( This is just a Example I create )	The Test has a few of epics questions like: ( This is just a Example I create )
Mark with a X in the correct Answers.	Mark with a X in the correct Answers.
The Liver, is false:	The Liver, is false:
A) The liver lies to the right of the stomach.	A) The liver lies to the right of the stomach.
B) Normally weighs between 2300 gr.	B) Normally weighs between 2300 gr.
C) Between 28 and 15 cm	C) Between 28 and 15 cm
D) His color is pinkish-brown	D) His color is pinkish-brown
E) It has 4 parts	E) It has 4 parts
F) All the answers	F) All the answers
G) No one is correct.	G) No one is correct.
When You see that mount of information and find what is false, you start to have douds about the others options.	When You see that mount of information and find what is false, you start to have douds about the others options.
>.>  How I will remenber the color of the organs!!!!	>.>  How I will remenber the color of the organs!!!!
For my luck, The Laboratory of Anatomy is easy and I have all the points.	For my luck, The Laboratory of Anatomy is easy and I have all the points.
But The Theory's Class is more important and has more points...	But The Theory's Class is more important and has more points...
I should talk to the teacher later and look for some way to make Extra Points.	I should talk to the teacher later and look for some way to make Extra Points.
Or some cars will BURN IN THE FLAMES FROM HELL!!!!	Or some cars will BURN IN THE FLAMES FROM HELL!!!!
MIUJUJUJUJUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!	MIUJUJUJUJUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!
XD  	XD  
And this Thursday is the Exam of Physics.	And this Thursday is the Exam of Physics.
I am ready for that Exam it will be easy...	I am ready for that Exam it will be easy...
I wait don't overestimate it.	I wait don't overestimate it.
In any case, is better if I hit the book a moment.	In any case, is better if I hit the book a moment.
Hi there~	Hi there~
I'm writing from my Ipod, trying the mobile version of lang-8 :p	I'm writing from my Ipod, trying out the mobile version of lang-8 :p
Next week we are giving an oral exam for our English classes, and I'm a little nervous, cause I don't trust in myself whenever I have to talk in English.	Next week we have oral exams in our English classes, and I'm a little nervous, cause I don't trust myself whenever I have to talk in English.
I know it sounds weird, but when I'm talking I can't stop wandering if I pronounced this or that in a wrong way, so I slowly stop talking =/ The worse thing is, that in this oral exam we have to talk for about 5 minutes @.@ 	I know it sounds weird, but when I'm talking I can't stop wondering if I pronounced this or that the wrong way, so I slowly stop talking =/ The worse thing is, for this oral exam we have to talk for about 5 minutes @.@ 
Wish me good luck :p	Wish me luck :p
Bye~   	Bye~   
Hello!	Hello!
I'm back, for the second or third time xD.	I'm back, for the second or third time xD.
For whoever reads this, how are you?	For whoever reads this, how are you?
=P	=P
I'm tired, going to the University from Monday to Friday, having to work at weekends, and trying to study and read all the books I'm suposed to read...	I'm tired of going to the University from Monday to Friday, having to work on the weekends, and trying to study and read all the books I'm supposed to read...
at least I have my girlfriend's support n.	At least I have my girlfriend's support. n.
n	n
Mmm...	Mmm...
I always have problems to decide about what I could write here xD 	I'm always having problems trying to decide what I should write about here. xD 
Well, it's a very cold and windy night here in Santiago de Chile.	Well, it's a very cold and windy night here in Santiago, Chile.
I have read and heard that would be raining all week starting today =/ 	I have read and heard that it would be raining all week starting from today. =/ 
At the moment, I'm reading "The Invisible Man", it's really a good book, I'm enjoying it a lot =P 	At the moment, I'm reading "The Invisible Man", it's really a good book, and I'm enjoying it a lot. =P 
So...	So...
that should do it for now.	that should do it for now.
Thanks for reading ^^	Thanks for reading. ^^
Hi!	Hi!
Good evening!	Good evening!
Once again, I don't know what to write about, so I'll write about one of my favourites thing: videogames!	Once again, I don't know what to write about, so I'll write about one of my : videogames! favorite things
I really like videogames, especially RPG or RTS games.	I really like videogames, especially RPG or RTS games.
One of my favourites games is "Golden Sun", for GameBoy Advance.	One of my is "Golden Sun", for GameBoy Advance. favorite game
Right now I'm playing "Harvest Moon" for the Nintendo Wii, its like a "farm life simulator", I know is weird, but I have a lot of fun growing crops, raising animals and talking with people.	Right now I'm playing "Harvest Moon" for the Nintendo Wii, its like a "farm life simulator", I know it's weird, but I have a lot of fun growing crops, raising animals and talking with people.
I'm working right now (real life xD), and my turn (turno de trabajo/jornada) is over so I have to go.	I'm working right now (real life xD), and my shift (turno de trabajo/jornada) is over so I have to go.
Good bye!	Good bye!
A really short story.	A really short story.
Before it started, it had already finished.	Before it started, it had already finished.
Ok, that was a really bad joke xD	Ok, that was a really bad joke xD
At least, I hope I didn't make any mistake xD	At least, I hope I didn't make any mistakes xD
I don't know what to write~	I don't know what to write~
Hello again!	Hello again!
This is my second entry (journal?) :P And I don't know what to write about!	This is my second entry (journal?) :P and I don't know what to write about! -
Well...	Well...
my English classes are going fine, we are learning the Present Simple and Present Perfect Tenses.	My English classes are going fine. We are learning the Present Simple and Present Perfect Tenses.
I still have problems with the verb "to have" in the Present Perfect Tense, specially in questions.	I still have problems with the verb "to have" in the Present Perfect Tense, especially in questions.
In my last test, I had to write some questions, and one of them was really...	In my last test, I had to write some questions, and one of them was really...
bad 	bad 
"Why Mr Brown sometimes has to enter his house very quietly?"	"Why Mr Brown sometimes has to enter his house very quietly?"
I forgot the "does", and the "has", was supposed to be a "have".	I forgot the "does", and the "has", was supposed to be a "have".
The teacher even said that "sometimes" was in a wrong place...	The teacher even said that "sometimes" was in a wrong place...
The funny thing, is that practically que whole test was about this!	The funny thing, is that practically the whole test was about this!
The funny thing, is that practically que whole test was about this!	The funny thing is that practically the whole test was about this!
And I forgot all when I wrote that question!	And I forgot everything when I wrote that question!
And I forgot all when I wrote that question!	I also forgot all of this when I wrote that question!
And I forgot all when I wrote that question!	I forgot everything when I wrote that question!
Is success based on hard work or luck?	Is success based on hard work or luck?
 Everybody wants to be successful in life but not all achieve their goals.	 Everybody wants to be successful in life but not all achieve their goals.
Some people think that success is related to luck and others with hard work.	Some people think that success is related to luck and others with hard work.
I agree that success goes together with hard work and it does not simple come from one day to the other.	I agree that success goes together with hard work and it does not simply come from one day to the other.
Success is a result of doing the right things consistently.	Success is a result of doing the right things consistently.
 First at all, many people agree that hard work come with perseverance.	 First at all, many people agree that hard work come with perseverance.
Success is built little by little and step by step.	Success is built little by little and step by step.
For instance, Bill Gates did not do the software in one day, with patient; he found the correct parts and the correct place to put it together.	For instance, Bill Gates did not create software in one day, with patience; he found correct parts and the correct place to put it together.
Likewise, it is important have faith in ourselves so the thinks will come how we expect.	Likewise, it is important to have faith in ourselves so that things may come how we expect.
For example, in 2004, Maria Sharapova, who is a tennis player, becomes the number one in tennis.	For example, in 2004, Maria Sharapova, a tennis player, became number one in tennis.
Every effort has his advantages.	Every effort has advantages.
 Secondly, other people agree that success with hard work came with education.	 Secondly, other people agree that success from hard work comes with education.
For instance, since I was a child my parents have told me to study hard in order to success, and now I observe the result of all my studies, I work in a good school and I have good income.	For instance, since I was a child, my parents have told me to study hard in order to have success, and now I observe the result of all my studies, I work in a good school and I have a steady income.
When you apply to certain job you have to have certain knowledge on certain field in order to be hired.	When you apply for a certain job, you have to have certain knowledge in that field in order to be hired.
For example, to be manager in an important company, you have to know how to manage people and problems.	For example, to be a manager in an important company, you have to know how to manage people and problems.
Also, people to be admitted to the university have to apply to exams like the Gabriel Rene Moreno University with its PSA exam.	Also, people who are admitted to university have to apply and take exams like the Gabriel Rene Moreno University with its PSA exam.
 Thirdly, success in one area is based on the experience that we get from it, so the more you work the more experience you get.	 Thirdly, success in one area is based on the experience that we gain from it, so the more you work, the more experience you get.
One of the best examples is Tito Curamoto, who year by year gets more experience when he creates floats.	One of the best examples is Tito Curamoto, who year by year gets more experience when he creates floats.
Moreover, make mistakes are part of the success.	Moreover, making mistakes is part of success.
We have to learn of our mistakes in order to learn from them and success in life.	We have to learn of our mistakes in order to learn from them and be successful in life.
 To sum up, hard work is important when you want to success in life.	 To sum up, hard work is important when you want to success in life.
The perseverance, education and experience that you get will make you success.	The perseverance, education and experience that you get will make you success.
We know that the life is too short to wait for luck to get us where we want to be.	We know that life is too short to wait for luck to take us where we want to be.
The Earth Damages 	Damages to the Earth
There are many good things that the earth provides us, but also there are many problems we can observe in it.	There are many good things that the Earth provides for us, but there are also many problems we can observe about it.
The world could be better only if we as a human do not damage it.	The world could be better only if we as humans do not damage it.
Nobody is excluded in this responsibility.	Nobody is excluded in this responsibility.
Year by year the human being has been damage the world in many ways.	Year by year humans have been damaging the world in many ways.
Firstly, air pollution increase has been caused by human activities.	Firstly, increase in air pollution has been caused by human activities.
A source about pollution effects by ScienceDaily (Aug.	A source about pollution effects by ScienceDaily (Aug.
14, 2007) shows the human effects on earth.	14, 2007) shows that humanity has effects on the Earth.
For instance, air pollution from smoke and various chemicals kills 3 million people a year.	For instance, air pollution from smoke and various chemicals kills 3 million people every year.
Moreover, there are many factories that throw their toxic chemicals to the environment.	Moreover, there are many factories that throw their toxic chemicals into the environment.
In the United States alone about 3 million tons of toxic chemicals are released into the environment contributing cancer, birth defects, immune system defects and many other serious health problems.	In the United States alone about 3 million tons of toxic chemicals are released into the environment, contributing to cancer, birth defects, immune system defects and many other serious health problems.
Also, the major single source of air pollution is the combustion (burning) of fossil fuels (coal, oil, and gas).	Also, the major single source of air pollution is the combustion (burning) of fossil fuels (coal, oil, and gas).
This pollution is caused by cars, trucks, railroad trains, airplanes, and other forms of transportation.	This pollution is caused by cars, trucks, railroad trains, airplanes, and other forms of transportation.
For all this reasons, the air pollution not only has affected the earth but also the human being.	For all these reasons, the air pollution has not only affected the earth but also humanity.
Secondly, the damage that people cause to rivers and oceans is really serious.	Secondly, the damage that people cause to rivers and oceans is really serious.
Many aquatic creatures suffer the consequence of people.	Many aquatic creatures suffer the consequences of human pollution .
For instance, in the Pilcomayo River we can observe that the number of fish decreased because of the increase on fishing.	For instance, in the Pilcomayo River we can observe that the number of fish decreased because of the increase in fishing.
Moreover, toxic waste is the most harmful form of pollution to sea life and humans.	Moreover, toxic waste is the most harmful form of pollution to sea life and humans.
For instance, when toxic waste harms an organism, it can quickly be passed along the food chain and may eventually end up being our seafood.	For instance, when toxic waste harms an organism, it can quickly be passed along the food chain and may eventually end up being our seafood.
Likewise, boating pollution is very harmful to the sea life.	Likewise, boating pollution is very harmful to the sea life.
To illustrate, the boat’s engine when it is running gives off excess gasoline, which pollutes the water and ends up killing the animals.	To illustrate, the boat’s engine gives off excess gasoline when it is running, which pollutes the water and ends up killing the animals.
In conclusion, water pollution is affecting not only the marine life on earth but also our own life.	In conclusion, water pollution is affecting not only the marine life on Earth but also our own lives.
Thirdly, the lack of care to the nature brings terrible consequences.	Thirdly, the lack of care of nature brings terrible consequences.
Deforestation is a contributor to global warming, and it is often mentioned as one of the major causes of the enhanced greenhouse effect.	Deforestation is a contributor to global warming, and it is often mentioned as one of the major causes of the enhanced greenhouse effect.
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change deforestation, tropical deforestation is responsible for approximately 20% of world greenhouse gas emissions.	According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, tropical deforestation is responsible for approximately 20% of world greenhouse gas emissions.
The indiscriminate burning also affects to global warming.	The indiscriminate burning also affects global warming.
The indiscriminate burning in the world causes not only breathing problems especially to elder people and children but also to the destruction of many kinds of trees and animals.	The indiscriminate burning in the world causes not only breathing problems, especially to elder people and children, but also to the destruction of many kinds of trees and animals.
Moreover, the overpopulation has made that many trees were cut down in order to build houses and road.	Moreover, the overpopulation has meant that many trees have been cut down in order to build houses and road.
For example, the Bolivian president Evo Morales and the Brazilian president Lula da Silva agreed to build a new highway through the TIPNIS between Villa Tunari and San Ignacio de Moxos, which will cause the destruction of the 64% of the TIPNIS in around 18 years.	For example, the Bolivian president Evo Morales and the Brazilian president Lula da Silva agreed to build a new highway through the TIPNIS between Villa Tunari and San Ignacio de Moxos, which will cause the destruction of the 64% of the TIPNIS in around 18 years.
To conclude, the problems caused to the nature have harmed our planet.	To conclude, the problems caused to nature have harmed our planet.
To sum up, the damage that people is casing to the air pollution, water pollution, and damage to the nature, is really serious.	To sum up, the damage that people are causing, in the form of air pollution, water pollution, and damage to nature, is really serious.
I think that it is time to think on those damages that humankind cause to the environment which will part of the future generations.	I think that it is time to think of those damages that humankind has caused to the environment which will affect future generations.
If we continue causing damaging the environment, our future generation will not enjoy the advantages that the earth provides us.	If we continue causing damage to the environment, our future generation will not enjoy the advantages that the Earth provides us with.
Essay 1	Essay 1
If I hadn´t endured the "trails" I have during the past years of my life, I definitely wouldn´t be the person I am today.	If I hadn´t endured the "trails" I have during the past years of my life, I definitely wouldn´t be the person I am today.
Because it is life and the way we live it that marks our actions, decisions, thoughts and the way we treat people.	Because it is life and the way we live it that marks our actions, decisions, thoughts and the way we treat people.
I personally wouldn´t be this crazy for family person, if I hadn´t had to deal with being without my parents from 6 to 8 hours a day while they were working.	I personally wouldn´t be this crazy for family person, if I hadn´t had to deal with being without my parents from 6 to 8 hours a day while they were working.
Being in a far country away from all my fun cousins to being in four walls in a apartment didn´t help either .	Being in a far country away from all my fun cousins to being in four walls in a apartment didn´t help either .
Also I believe that if my sisters hadn´t have had asma during all their childhood and a lot of attention from my parents, I wouldn´t be this not selfish person that I think I am.	Also I believe that if my sisters hadn´t have had asma during all their childhood and a lot of attention from my parents, I wouldn´t be this not selfish person that I think I am.
Another thing is that since I´m the oldest of four daughters, I have had tons of responsibilities and have had to put effort in being a role modal.	Another thing is that since I´m the oldest of four daughters, I have had tons of responsibilities and have had to put effort in being a role modal.
So I´m pretty much responsible.	So I´m pretty much responsible.
I believe every obstacle life has brought to me and the way I have responded.	I believe every obstacle life has brought to me and the way I have responded.
Doesn´t matter if I failed or succeeded, it still taught me something.	Doesn´t matter if I failed or succeeded, it still taught me something.
exercise 	exercise 
Today in the school the teacher took as to the jim, there was an instructor who teach some kinds of aerobics and some other exercises like in tv.	Today in the school the teacher took as to the jim, there was an instructor who teach some kinds of aerobics and some other exercises like in tv.
The teacher  is really trying to convince as to subscribe in there because is really cheap, it was kind of an introduction to it, so we see how good it is and continue with it...	The teacher  is really trying to convince as to subscribe in there because is really cheap, it was kind of an introduction to it, so we see how good it is and continue with it...
but im really not the right person for that, it was so hard for me...	but im really not the right person for that, it was so hard for me...
it was a little fun but I can't do this often , do weitghs, playing with the big baloon...	it was a little fun but I can't do this often , do weitghs, playing with the big baloon...
I'm not at shape at all but i'm to lazy to change it lol	I'm not at shape at all but i'm to lazy to change it lol
Hello! ^^	Hello! ^^
Well I will introduce myself in here!	Well I will introduce myself in here!
My name is Valeria,I'm 23 and I'm from many places XD	My name is Valeria,I'm 23 and I'm from many places XD
I'm kidding, I just heard that line on a movie and I wanted to say that hahah..	I'm kidding, I just heard that line on a movie and I wanted to say that hahah...
actually I was born in argentina and then moved to israel and now to the cold in canada.	actually I was born in argentina and then moved to israel and now to the cold in canada.
I like internet, to whatch anime,tv series and movies, listen to music, sometimes to read manga, drawing and to sleep, well I think that's all.	I like internet, to watch anime,tv series and movies, listen to music, sometimes to read manga, drawing and to sleep, well I think that's all.
Now im trying to enjoy the short summer in here, these days were so hot!!	Now im trying to enjoy the short summer in here, these days were so hot!!
I was all red waiting for the bus, but even if is so hot be try to enjoy it!	I was all red waiting for the bus, but even if it is so hot be try to enjoy it!
becouse when we think about the cold that is gonna come, we prefer this hahaha	because when we think about the cold that is gonna come, we prefer this hahaha
today my day was as all the other days lol yesterday I went to the center with a friend...	today my day was the same as all the other days lol yesterday I went to the center with a friend...
one friend that couldnt't come asked me to buy something for her and so I did	one friend that couldn't come asked me to buy something for her and so I did
Sour candies	Sour candies
I went today to school as everyday...	I went today to school as everyday...
all this week was so hot like in Israel but now after the rain it started to be cold!!	all this week was so hot like in Israel but now after the rain it started to be cold!!
the weather is so crazy in here in the summer and before the winter is even more lol.	the weather is so crazy in here in the summer and before the winter is even more lol.
Today came to my class new students, so the class doesn't look so empty enymore...	Today came to my class new students, so the class doesn't look so empty enymore...
we are sitting now like 6 in a square but in the other ones are less, it makes us talk a lot between us lol...	we are sitting now like 6 in a square but in the other ones are less, it makes us talk a lot between us lol...
One of the girls brought sour candies, it was SO sour, every body started to make strange faces, but it kind of woke us up so it was kind of good hahaha	One of the girls brought sour candies, it was SO sour, every body started to make strange faces, but it kind of woke us up so it was kind of good hahaha
School again	School again
This wendnesday i satarted school again, in a new class...	This wednesday i started school again, in a new class...
this is the 4th class i move in, and again i have to get used to the new studens, but im lucky that some people of the previous class moved with me, so i sit with them and it's fun like that, because we need to work a lot in a group.	this is the 4th class i move in, and again i have to get used to the new studens, but im lucky that some people of the previous class moved with me, so i sit with them and it's fun like that, because we need to work a lot in a group.
i saw some friends i didnt saw during the vacationt and it was nice to see them again...	i saw some friends i didnt saw during the vacation and it was nice to see them again...
the most fun part of the day is sitting in the cafeteria chatting and eating lunch lol 	the most fun part of the day is sitting in the cafeteria chatting and eating lunch lol 
i need to get used again to get up early, but it was easier than i thought it's gonna be, anyway still not so easy you know...	i need to get used again to getting up early, but it was easier than i thought it's gonna be, anyway still not so easy you know...
yesterday after school i went with my friend to buy some fabrics becouse she want's to make some craft with it, the trip on the bus was so long, the other day she was trying to pass the driving exam,but some old lady that was angry didnt let her to pass...	yesterday after school i went with my friend to buy some fabrics because she wanted to make some craft with it, the trip on the bus was so long, the other day she was trying to pass the driving exam,but some old lady that was angry didnt let her pass...
i was counting on her to pass lol hope next time, i know i should try also, but maybe later.	i was counting on her to pass lol hope next time, i know i should try also, but maybe later.
well i think that's all i did this week ^^	well i think that's all i did this week ^^
saturday ^^	saturday ^^
Well I will try to write with capitals latters in the beggining of a sentences, because I always forget about them , and the teachers always tell me they don't understand why I do that...	Well I will try to write with capital letters in the beginning of a sentences, because I always forget about them , and the teachers always tell me they don't understand why I do that...
because in spanish we also use them, I also don't understand myself lol that  was also the reason why they put me in the lowest level in the school hahaha ooh and I also forget about the apostrophes :(.	because in spanish we also use them, I also don't understand myself lol that  was also the reason why they put me in the lowest level in the school hahaha ooh and I also forget about the apostrophes :(.
Today I cleaned up a little my desk, but it's all messy again, becouse I started to make a drawing for my grandmother before she returns to her countrie...	Today I cleaned up a little my desk, but it's all messy again, because I started to make a drawing for my grandmother before she returns to her country...
she asked me long time ago to make her one and I didn't do anything, it's not easy for me to make a big draw if im not in the mood...	she asked me long time ago to make her one and I didn't do anything, it's not easy for me to make a big draw if im not in the mood...
(that sounds so selfish lol) ,it doesn't look so good, but im trying my best ^^	(that sounds so selfish lol) ,it doesn't look so good, but im trying my best ^^
(now sturday is over XD)	(now sturday is over XD)
Today in the school they made us a tour, so we can know all the campus and the courses that they have ...	Today in the school they made us a tour, so we can get to know all the campus and the courses that they have ...
there where some things I didn't know about..	there were some things I didn't know about..
so it was good to know...	so it was good to know...
but still I don't know what I want to do after I finnish these studies .	but still I don't know what I want to do after I finish these studies .
Also it was good because we didn't studied for 1 hour or more lol 	Also it was good because we didn't study for 1 hour or more lol 
I continued to make the panda that I began(?) yesterday, again I made some mistakes -.-  I was really hopping to finnish it today, but I guess maybe it would be tomorrow lol	I continued to make the panda that I began(?) yesterday, again I made some mistakes -.-  I was really hoping to finish it today, but I guess maybe it will be tomorrow lol
ooh and no homework today ^^	ooh and no homework today ^^
Always the same 	Always the same 
Yesterday Mexico's team played against England.	Yesterday Mexico's team played against England.
it is always the same we play as never and lose as always.	it is always the same we play as never and lose as always.
Mexico had a terrific first half with Vela the eternal benchwarmer who cashes in Arsenal.	Mexico had a terrific first half with Vela the eternal benchwarmer who cashes in Arsenal.
no wonder he never lines up and when he enters the game it happens what already happened in the game versus england.	no wonder he never lines up and when he enters the game it happens what already happened in the game versus england.
he had two chances heading straight forward alone against the goalkeeper.	he had two chances heading straight forward alone against the goalkeeper.
you would expect somthing better from somene who is with arsenal's team one of the best teams in england.	you would expect somthing better from somene who is with arsenal's team one of the best teams in england.
giovanni was a good player, and franco too but Franco has a ankle made of crystal he gets injured  too easy.	giovanni was a good player, and franco too but Franco has a ankle made of crystal he gets injured  too easy.
what to expect in the  world cup same as always...	what to expect in the  world cup same as always...
getting eliminated in the next knock out stage.	getting eliminated in the next knock out stage.
Mirage. 	Mirage. 
Today played Mexico against Gambia, i don't know where within africa is Gambia.	Today Mexico played Gambia, I'm not sure exactly where Gambia is in Africa.
Today played Mexico against Gambia, i don't know where within africa is Gambia.Today played Mexico against Gambia, i don't know where within africa is Gambia.	Today, Mexico played against Gambia. I'm not really sure where Gambia is in Africa.
they were too weak a rival.	They were a very weak opponent.
Mexico scored 5 goals and missed many more, good thing was that "little bean" scored two goals ( this nickname makes laugh) and Mr Vela missed at least 3 chances, nothing new.	Mexico scored 5 goals and missed many more, the good thing was that "little bean" scored two goals ( this nickname makes laugh) and Mr Vela missed at least 3 chances, but that's nothing new.
Mexico scored 5 goals and missed many more, good thing was that "little bean" scored two goals ( this nickname makes laugh) and Mr Vela missed at least 3 chances, nothing new.	Mexico scored 5 goals and missed many more.Good thing that "little bean" scored two goals, the nickname makes me laugh, and Mr. Vela missed at least three chances. That's nothing new.
And of course the final cut Bofo, Venado or Castro?	Who will be the last player cut, Bobo, Venado or Castro?
And of course the final cut Bofo, Venado or Castro?	And of course the final cut Bofo, Venado or Castro?
Changing	Changing
It is always said that to learn english in a proper way you have to read material that has some quality; but meaning comes from people and pronunciation also.	It is always said that to learn english in a proper way you have to read material that has some quality; but meaning comes from people and pronunciation also.
So it is sometimes  difficult to understand  when someone pronounce a instead of  i, or i instead of a, not to mention the stress.	So it is sometimes  difficult to understand  when someone pronounce a instead of  i, or i instead of a, not to mention the stress.
Of course you know what word is they are saying because of the context and the stress is being used.	Of course you know what word is they are saying because of the context and the stress is being used.
one somehow expect it but why does it change?	one somehow expect it but why does it change?
is there a reason?	is there a reason?
or is it just a way of talking?	or is it just a way of talking?
Mirwenna	Mirwenna
I just finished reading this short story.	I just finished reading this short story.
it is supposed to be an easy reading so we can reinforce our english.	It is supposed to be an easy reading so we can reinforce our English.
It was about a chambermaid who met with a wizard that had the wishes of the land that  were handed over from person to person.	It was about a chambermaid who met with a wizard that had the wishes of the land that  were handed over from person to person.
They were ordinary persons but once they recieved the power to grant wishes that whom recieved the  wishes would live  long time.	They were ordinary persons but once they recieved the power to grant wishes that whom recieved the  wishes would live  long time.
she only recieved 5 wishes, those were that had been left.	She only recieved 5 wishes, those were that had been left.
I did not like this story because one of the main characters died.	I did not like this story because one of the main characters died.
perhaps i am too much influenced by the happy endings that almost always give hollywood movies.	Perhaps i am too much influenced by the happy endings that almost always give hollywood movies.
i have watched some Korean and there is always some kind of tragedy at  the end of the film but during the movie it can be very entertaining and fun.	Ihave watched some Korean and there is always some kind of tragedy at the end of the film but during the movie it can be very entertaining and fun.
so that when it reaches the end you don't feel so bad anyway just a thought.	So that when it reaches the end you don't feel so bad anyway just a thought.
Mexico	Mexico
Well another game lost what to say?	Well another game lost what to say?
Terrible first half, a regular second half nevertheless not enough for a draw.	Terrible first half, a regular second half nevertheless not enough for a draw.
Holland 2, Mexico 1, i hope the nationals get better because the world cup is approaching very fast.	Holland 2, Mexico 1, i hope the nationals get better because the world cup is approaching very fast.
HI 	HI 
Well I just sing on, I hope that with this web site I will improve my englsh skills	Well, I just signed up.I hope that with this web site I will improve my English skills.
Well I just sing on, I hope that with this web site I will improve my englsh skills	Well I just signed on. I hope that with this web site I will improve my English skills
I am New	I am new
hi, I like this web site, I think Its because I love the lenguage was written in the right way, in spanish I always point out other´s mistakes, yes I think that in some perspective its a bad habit, its unpolite do that but I felt a bad feeling if I said nothing jaja its hard to explain, but here its normal, cool.	Hi, I like this web site. I think it's because I love language to be written in the right way. In Spanish I always point out others' mistakes. I think that in some ways it's a bad habit, it's unpolite do that but I feel bad if I say nothing jaja it's hard to explain, but here it's normal, cool.
hi, I like this web site, I think Its because I love the lenguage was written in the right way, in spanish I always point out other´s mistakes, yes I think that in some perspective its a bad habit, its unpolite do that but I felt a bad feeling if I said nothing jaja its hard to explain, but here its normal, cool.	Hi, I like this web site, I think it's because I love language being written in the right way. In Spanish I always point out others mistakes, yes I think that in some perspective ways it's a bad habit - it's impolite do that but I feel bad if I say nothing. Jaja it's hard to explain, but here it's normal, cool.
hi	Hi
hi, I have a problem when I write in english, my written skills are really bad, I am quite brief when I write, I dont know why but in spanish it is the same haha, I think that is the problem.	Hi, I have problems when I write in English; my writing skills are really bad, and I am quite brief when I write... I don't know why but in Spanish it is the same haha, I think that is the problem.
well, I have been reading frankenstein a novel of mary shelley and it is really insteresting, I think this is one of the first books of scient fiction in english and I love that topic, also I like the fact that the doctor bestows live to a body and then he neglect it, he tells that it was a nightmare for him but you have to put in the shoes of the monster, I think he recieve the worst part.	well, I have been reading frankenstein a novel by mary shelley and it is really insteresting, I think it is one of the first books of science fiction in english and I love that topic, also I like the fact that the doctor bestows life to a body and then he neglects it, he says that it was a nightmare for him but you have to put yourself in the shoes of the monster. I think he received the worst part.
well, I have been reading frankenstein a novel of mary shelley and it is really insteresting, I think this is one of the first books of scient fiction in english and I love that topic, also I like the fact that the doctor bestows live to a body and then he neglect it, he tells that it was a nightmare for him but you have to put in the shoes of the monster, I think he recieve the worst part.	Well, I have been reading Frankenstein, a novel by Mary Shelley and it is really interesting; I think this is one of the first books of science fiction in English and I love that topic, also I like the fact that the doctor bestows live to a body and then neglect it. He says that it was a nightmare for him, but you have to put yourself in the shoes of the monster; I think he received the worst part.
I have no read to much but I want to see the part when he will meet again with his maker, and I want to see the reaction of both.	I have not read too much but I want to see the part when he will meet again with his maker, and I would like to see the reaction of both.
I have no read to much but I want to see the part when he will meet again with his maker, and I want to see the reaction of both.	I have not read too much into the story, but I want to see the part where he will meet again with his maker, and I want to see the reaction of both.
I will continue read the book despite of that the english of that age is really old and most words I do not know, I have to look the dictionary every single minute, sometimes its quite frustrating, but that´s the way it´s is.	I will continue read the book despite that the english of that age is really old and I do not know most words, I have to look the dictionary every single minute, sometimes its quite frustrating, but that´s the way it is.
I will continue read the book despite of that the english of that age is really old and most words I do not know, I have to look the dictionary every single minute, sometimes its quite frustrating, but that´s the way it´s is.	I will continue reading the book despite that the English of that age is really old and that I don't know most words. I have to look at the dictionary every single minute: sometimes it's quite frustrating, but that´s the way it is.
It's great to be back!!!!	It's great to be back!!!!
Hello lang-8.	Hello lang-8.
I'm finally here.	I'm finally back.
It has been a great year so far.	It has been a great year so far.
I had the chance to test my skills with native speakers and felt so good because everyone understood  my ideas and praised my pronunciation.	I had the chance to test my skills with native speakers and felt so good because everyone understood  my ideas and praised my pronunciation.
College is going great, my job too (but it's awfully hard to accomplish all the tasks I have everyday)	College is going great, my job too (but it's awfully hard to accomplish all the tasks I have every day).
On this journal, I'd like to make a couple comments...	On this journal, I'd like to make a couple comments...
1)I'm really happy that many people are using lang-8.	1)I'm really happy that many people are using lang-8.
I most say a lot of people made great progress during this year.	I must say a lot of people made great progress during the year.
2) Miss Universe aired last night.	2) Miss Universe aired last night.
Our candidate, Ada Aimee, was the 1st runner up.	Our candidate, Ada Aimee, was the 1st runner up.
It was nice to see that 3 of the 5 finalists were Latin women, aren't they just beautiful?	It was nice to see that 3 of the 5 finalists were Latin women, aren't they just beautiful?
Miss USA was my second favorite girl of the night.	Miss USA was my second favorite girl of the night.
What do you think of this competition ( I mean Miss Universe as a hole) Do you think it promotes external beauty over real values?	What do you think of this competition (I mean Miss Universe as a whole)? Do you think it promotes external beauty over real values?
Is it just a tradition?	Is it just a tradition?
Americans...	Americans...
Long time ago when I started reading and writing, America was the name of the continent my country was located.	A long time ago when I started reading and writing, America was the name of the continent where my country was located.
Yes, I can remember one of those classes: "Our continent is divided in three regions....	Yes, I can remember one of those classes: "Our continent is divided in three regions....
North America, Central America and South America".	North America, Central America and South America".
Innocent_Boy:	Innocent_Boy:
Well, as I live in Central America, which is part of America.....	Well, as I live in Central America, which is part of America.....
I most be American, right?...	I most be American, right?...
Wise_Mommy:	Wise_Mommy:
Mmmmm yes.......	Mmmmm yes.......
but no.	but no.
"American" is the term used to refer a US citizen.	"American" is the term used to refer to a US citizen.
Innocent_Boy:	Innocent_Boy:
But, why?	But, why?
It is not fair, I'm American too (some tears falling)	It is not fair, I'm American too (some tears falling)
Wise_Mommy:	Wise_Mommy:
Well, there are several theories.	Well, there are several theories.
The most popular one is that as they were always the bigger and most powerful of all countries in the continent, they simply took the name.	The most popular one is that as they were always the bigger and most powerful of all countries on the continent, they simply took the name.
The most popular one is that as they were always the bigger and most powerful of all countries in the continent, they simply took the name.	The most popular one is that as they were always the biggest and most powerful of all countries in the continent, they simply took the name.
Innocent_Boy.	Innocent_Boy.
That's a stupid theory...	That's a stupid theory...
Wise_Mommy:	Wise_Mommy:
Yes you are right.	Yes, you are right.
There's another one, also quite popular.	There's another one, also quite popular.
The US is a country forged by immigrants most of them  from outside this continent.	The US is a country forged by immigrants, most of them  from outside this continent.
Those people came to America, the only piece of land in the other side of the world, but they were really getting to the US, the land of opportunities.	Those people came to America, the only piece of land on the other side of the world, but they were really getting to the US, the land of opportunities. to the US, the land of opportunities.
So, time passed and the people living over there called themselves Americans.	So, time passed and the people living over there called themselves Americans.
Innocent_Boy:	Innocent_Boy:
Ok, you see, I like that one.	Ok, you see, I like that one.
Wise_Mommy:	Wise_Mommy:
But this is the one I believe .	But this is the one I believe .
Their official name is United States of America.	Their official name is the United States of America.
It's a terrible name!	It's a terrible name!
How would you call someone from that place?	What would you call someone from that place?
Unitedstadian?	Unitedstadian?
Unitedian?	Unitedian?
Those name just couldn't represent them well or just sounded stupid.	Those names just couldn't represent them well or just sounded stupid.
Most countries had a unique name (Colombia, Argentina, Japan, China, England, Australia, Germany) and it's very easy to form a gentilic (Colombian, Japanese, Chinese, German).	Most countries had a unique name (Colombia, Argentina, Japan, China, England, Australia, Germany) and it's very easy to make adjectives from them (Colombian, Japanese, Chinese, German).
So they took the  only part of the official name which was...	So they took the  only part of the official name which was...
usable.	usable.
Innocent_Boy:	Innocent_Boy:
Ohh.	Ohh.
Wow.	Wow.
I understand now...	I understand now...
poor unitedstedian people...	poor unitedstedian people...
(I didn't wright this because I hate US or something like that, in fact I love that country and half of my family lives over there)	(I didn't right this because I hate the US or something like that, in fact I love that country and half of my family lives over there)
(I didn't wright this because I hate US or something like that, in fact I love that country and half of my family lives over there)	(I didn't write this because I hate the US or something like that, in fact I love that country and half of my family lives over there)
Any other ideas of way Americans are called that way?	Any other ideas of why Americans are called that way?
hello everyone...	hello everyone...
hellpme please in my english, i wish write and speak....	hellpme please in my english, i wish write and speak....
oh my god i am very very bad.....	oh my god i am very very bad.....
Maybe...	Maybe...
This is my first write.	This is my first journal.
I hope that is correct.	I hope that it is correct.
Maybe you do not  understand me because, I do not speak fine english	Maybe you do not understand me because I do not speak fine English
But, I do work so much in this.	but, I worked so much on this.
I study in the UTSJR.	I study in the UTSJR and
I like the class of english.	I like the English class.
The teacher is very good speak for english.	The teacher is very good at speaking English.
I liked go to the England in the future.	I want to go to England in the future.
For know  the Wembley Stadium.	For know  the Wembley Stadium.
I think is necessary.	I think is necessary.
I cried at the movies	I Cried at the Movies
Today I went to the movies with my soon, he is Harry Potter´s fan (and me too :$)	Today I went to the movies with my son, he is Harry Potter fan (and me too :$)
Today I went to the movies with my soon, he is Harry Potter´s fan (and me too :$)	Today I went to the movies with my son. He is a Harry Potter fan (and so am I :$)
Well, my city is not safe, for this, we went to the movies at 12:00 hours, then in the movies there aren´t people only two persons, my soon and me.	Well, my city is not safe, so we went to the movies at noon, so that in the movies there wouldn't be only two people, my son and me.
We ate popcorn and soda, but i dont like popcorn :( (Im not fan).	We ate popcorn and soda, but i don't like popcorn :( (I'm not a fan).
We ate popcorn and soda, but i dont like popcorn :( (Im not fan).	We ate popcorn and drank soda, but I don't like popcorn :( (I'm not a fan).
The film was very insteresting and fun, but I cried in several moments, because I love Harry, he was in danger, and during the film reminded me of some things that made me mourn.	The film was very interesting and fun, but I cried at several moments, because I love Harry: he was in danger, and during the film he reminded me of some things that make me cry.
Many tears runs for my face, but i enjoyed the film, but above all, the company of my soon, he wipped my tears	Many tears ran down my face, but i enjoyed the film. Above all I enjoyed the company of my son, who wiped away my tears
Many tears runs for my face, but i enjoyed the film, but above all, the company of my soon, he wipped my tears	Many tears ran down my face, but I enjoyed the film, but above all, I enjoyed the company of my son. He wiped away my tears.
Today was a great day!	Today Was a Great Day!
Today my son, finish the primary school, ( Is in USA elementary school?) all family are happy for him, he is a wonderful student, he was win a first place in knowledge competetition, and your averange was 9.8.	Today my son finished primary school. (Is it called elementary school in the USA?) The whole family is happy for him. He is a wonderful student. He won first place in the knowledge competition and his average was 9.8.
Im very happy and proud.	I'm very happy and proud.
After all eat a big moka cake, soda and the adults drink some beers.	Afterward we all ate a big moka cake, drank soda and the adults drank some beers.
Now I have a headache!	Now I have a headache!
Injured playing basketball!	Injured playing basketball!
Last monday, I went to play basketball with my beautiful women team of my job.	Last Monday, I played basketball with our company’s beautiful women’s team.
In the first game, I ran back because it was defense, then I felt a pull in the calf.	In the first game, I ran back because I was playing defense, then I felt a pull in my calf.
I had a lot of pain!	I had a lot of pain!
I was hungry, very hungry!	I was also hungry, very hungry!
I had scored some points, and althoug my colleagues helped me, I can't continue playing.	I had scored some points, and although my colleagues helped me, I couldn't continue playing.
My team lost...	My team lost...
I am very sad...	I am very sad...
Captain America	Captain America
Yesterday I went to the movies with my son, and...	Yesterday I went to the movies with my son, and...
OOOh Myyyyy Gooood!	OOOh Myyyyy Gooood!
At first, a very thin boy apear in the film, but after the vita-rays i saw a handsome man, muscular and with beatiful eyes.	At first, a very thin boy appeared in the film, but after the treatment he turned into a handsome man, muscular and with beautiful eyes.
The film show that the beauty of the soul is greater than the man´s strength.	The film showed that the beauty of the soul is greater than the man's strength.
We enjoy the fun events.	We enjoyed the fun events.
The laughter from the audience were heard in the theater.(¿cómo se escribe sala de cine?)	The theater was full of the audience's laughter.
But Chris Evans was the prize for me, I love this boy!	But Chris Evans was the prize for me, I love this boy!
I had seen in Fantastic Four, and now is better than ever!	I had seen him in Fantastic Four, and now he is better than ever!
Well, if I have a chance, I see again the movie( what is correct movie or film?).	Well, if I have a chance, I will see the movie again.
I have many work!	I have many work!I have a lot of work.
Hi everybody, now I have many work, in the office, in my home, this is crazy!	Hi everybody, now I have many work, in the office, in my home, this is crazy!I have lots of work at the office and at home too. This is crazy!
Tomorrow I have to write many documents for my boss, and have prepare examns from my students.	Tomorrow I have to write many documents for my boss and have to prepare exams from my students.
And I have a course for bad pupils...	And I have a course for bad pupils...
on my vacations period!!	on my vacations period!!on my vacation.
But there are many work this is good, because there are money...	But there are many work this is good, because there are money...But at least there is work, this is good because that means more money. 
Only I spect to have a few days for me and my son.	Only I spect to have a few days for me and my son.I'm not really sure what you mean by this.
Again to the work!	Back to work!
This week I returned to my work, were days of hard work, but very productives.	This week I returned to work; I had several days of hard work, but they were very productive.
Every morning, I wake up at five, I dont want to leave the bed, but I love my work, then I take courage and go to the shower.	Every morning, I wake up at five._I don't want to get out of bed, but I love my work, so I take courage and go to the shower.
After breaksfast with yogurt and fresh fruit, I have to watch what I eat.	After a breakfast of yogurt and fresh fruit, I have to watch what I eat.
Then take the transport that was so slow, there are a lot of traffic in morning	Then I take public transport which is so slow, and there is a lot of traffic in the morning.
Today, the theme was tenses, and activities weIe interestings, they worked with entusiasm, watched a video, dance, and play with tenses.	Today, the theme was tenses, and the activities were interesting. Everyone worked with enthusiasm; we watched a video, danced, and played with tenses.
Now I´m very tired, but happy for all things what we could do.	Now I´m very tired, but happy about all the things that we were able to do.
My first time	My first time posting
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
This is my firt time in this site, im exciting!	This is my first time on this site- I'm excited!
This is my firt time in this site, im exciting!	This is my first time on this site, I'm excited!
I know, i know...	I know, I know...
my english is like a baby, but im want learn.	my English is like a baby's, but I want to learn.
my english is like a baby, but im want learn.	my English is like that of a baby, but I want to learn.
Can you help me?	Can you help me?
My injury is better now	My injury is better now
I think that this injury will disapear in few time, but last Monday are eigth days with pain, I couldn´t walk.	I think that this injury will go away soon, but last Monday marked eight days of pain, and I couldn´t walk.
And yesterday appeared a big bruise, from the ancle to the calf.	And yesterday a big bruise appeared, from my ankle to my calf.
Only pain me the calf, but the bruise is very impressive!	It only hurts in my calf, but the bruise is very impressive!
The bad, tomorrow I have to apply an examen in the university, and I must walk and up many steps.	The bad thing is that tomorrow I have to take an exam in the university, and I will have to walk up many steps.
But the job is the job.	But the job is what it is. 
I cannt miss!	I can't miss!
I have to study injuries in Sports Medicine	I have to study injuries in Sports Medicine
I want to learn Francais	I want to learn Francais
Comment vous appelez-vous ?	Comment vous appelez-vous ?
I want to learn francais...	I want to learn francais... Je veux apprendre le français...
¿alguien puede ayudarme?	¿alguien puede ayudarme? Quelqu’un peut m’aider ?
¿como empezaría?	¿como empezaría? Comment puis-je commencer ?
Solo he visto escribir: Merci...	Solo he visto escribir: Merci...
je´taime...	je´taime...
Queen	Queen
I've been listening Queen the whole afternoon.	I've been listening Queen the whole afternoon.
I believe their music is awesome.	I believe their music is awesome.
I also like to listen the Beatles, and Kiss.	I also like to listen the Beatles, and Kiss.
I don't know I guess I like all kinds of music.	I don't know I guess I like all kinds of music.
Spanish music is also very amusing.	Spanish music is also very amusing.
I like Jose Jose and several other bands.	I like Jose Jose and several other bands.
What kind of music do you like?	What kind of music do you like?
Strong Forms of Bilingual Ed.!!!!!!!!!!!	Strong Forms of Bilingual Ed.!!!!!!!!!!!
There are four strong forms of bilingual education that promote bilingualism and bi-literacy: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two Way/ Dual Language, and Mainstream Bilingual Education.	There are four strong forms of bilingual education that promote bilingualism and bi-literacy: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two Way/ Dual Language, and Mainstream Bilingual Education.
Immersion started in Canada and fosters the idea of majority language students learning through a second language.	Immersion started in Canada and fosters the idea of majority language students learning through a second language.
Maintenance/ Heritage Language, promotes the revival of the home language.	Maintenance/ Heritage Language promotes the revival of the home language.
Dual Language provides instruction by mixing relatively equal number of majority and minority language students, and Mainstream bilingual education gives instruction through two or more majority languages (Baker p.256).	Dual Language provides instruction by mixing a relatively equal number of majority and minority language students, and Mainstream bilingual education gives instruction through two or more majority languages (Baker p.256).
However, although each of these forms of bilingual education support bilingualism and bi-literacy several differences exist between each model.	However, although each of these forms of bilingual education support bilingualism and bi-literacy, several differences exist between each model.
In Dual Language programs instruction is presented in both languages and the goal is to produce relatively balanced bilinguals.	In Dual Language programs, instruction is presented in both languages and the goal is to produce relatively balanced bilinguals.
The two languages share the same status, and the language balance among students is approximately 50%-50% (p.229).	The two languages share the same status, and the language balance among students is approximately 50%-50% (p.229).
On the contrary, students enrolled in Heritage Language programs use their native language as a medium of instruction with bilingualism as the expected outcome	On the contrary, students enrolled in Heritage Language programs use their native language as a medium of instruction with bilingualism as the expected outcome.
The majority of the students come from language minority homes, and the program is more concerned with the perseveration of the minority language.	The majority of the students come from language minority homes, and the program is more concerned with the preservation of the minority language.
In addition, Immersion programs use the second language as principal medium of instruction, but diverge from Dual Language schools in the student’s language background.	In addition, Immersion programs use the second language as the principal medium of instruction, but diverge from Dual Language schools in the student’s language background.
Due to the fact that students enrolled in Immersion programs are often majority language speakers, contrary to the equal numbers of majority and minority students in Dual Language classrooms.	This is due to the fact that students enrolled in Immersion programs are often majority language speakers, contrary to the equal numbers of majority and minority students in Dual Language classrooms. 
Moreover, Mainstream bilingual schools differ from the other models because they involve the use of two or more languages as medium of instruction (two majority languages, pluralism).	Moreover, Mainstream bilingual schools differ from the other models because they involve the use of two or more languages as medium of instruction (two majority languages, pluralism).
Generally, these schools contain majority language children, with variations in the language heterogeneity and homogeneity of the classes (p.250).	Generally, these schools contain majority language children, with variations in the language heterogeneity and homogeneity of the classes (p.250).
Nonetheless, several similarities can also be found between these forms of bilingual education.	Nonetheless, several similarities can also be found between these forms of bilingual education.
For instance, Mainstream bilingual and Immersion are generally composed of majority language students.	For instance, Mainstream bilingual and Immersion are generally composed of majority language students.
In addition, all strong forms of bilingual education share similar societal and educational objectives.	In addition, all strong forms of bilingual education share similar societal and educational objectives.
What is more, the four forms of bilingual education have bilingualism as an aim in language outcome, and all of them but Mainstream bilingual educations have literacy as an objective in language outcome.	What is more, the four forms of bilingual education have bilingualism as an aim in language outcome, and all of them except for Mainstream bilingual educations have literacy as an objective in language outcome.
Published Materials for Literacy Instruction	Published Materials for Literacy Instruction
Commercially prepared materials are important tools for literacy instruction.	Commercially prepared materials are important tools for literacy instruction.
They are widely used by school districts and provide teachers with useful examples and guidelines.	They are widely used by school districts and provide teachers with useful examples and guidelines.
The use of these materials can help teachers to bring their lessons to life.	The use of these materials can help teachers to bring their lessons to life.
However, several aspects need to be taken into consideration when using these instructional tools.	However, several aspects need to be taken into consideration when using these instructional tools.
 When selecting commercially prepared materials, teachers must make sure the material matches the latest strategies and instructional appropriate practices.	 When selecting commercially prepared materials, teachers must make sure the material matches the latest strategies and appropriate instructional practices.
In addition, materials must relate to the objectives being taught and must match the criteria that is being used in the state.	In addition, materials must relate to the objectives being taught and must match the criteria that is being used by the state.
What is more, commercially prepared materials must match the characteristic of the population for which they are intended to be used.	What is more, commercially prepared materials must match the characteristics of the population for which they are intended to be used.
Children from urban areas may need materials different form culturally diverse students, or English language learners.	Children from urban areas may need materials different from culturally diverse students, or English language learners.
For that reason, published materials must be carefully examined by teachers before its purchase and before its use in class.	For that reason, published materials must be carefully examined by teachers before their purchase and before their use in class.
Published Literacy Materials	Published Literacy Materials
In addition, it is important for educators to understand that published materials should not dictate the lesson.	In addition, it is important for educators to understand that published materials should not dictate the lesson.
Instead, published materials should be used to enrich the lesson and improve student’s comprehension.	Instead, published materials should be used to enrich the lesson and improve student’s comprehension.
 Furthermore, commercially prepared materials should match the students’ age and grade level.	 Furthermore, commercially prepared materials should match the students’ age and grade level.
They must give students opportunity to explore and must address the use of students’ multiple intelligences.	They must give students opportunity to explore and must address the use of students’ multiple intelligences.
Basal materials permanently have had grade designations.	Basal materials permanently have had grade designations.
However, although the material may appear appropriate for any grade level reality is that there will always be students that are above or below the level of the material.	However, although the material may appear appropriate for any grade level reality is that there will always be students that are above or below the level of the material.
Thus, teachers must learn to modify the use of the materials according to the students’ needs.	Thus, teachers must learn to modify the use of the materials according to the students’ needs.
homework ......	homework ......
In addition, Cummins explains that Common Underlying Proficiency can be summarized in six parts: (1) Both languages no matter if they are being used to write, read, or talk come from the same central engine.(2) The acquisition of two or more languages is possible because individuals have the abilities to store and function in more than one language.(3)Learning can occur through the use of one or two languages, eventually all knowledge gained will feed the same central processing system.(4)  The language that a child uses in the classroom must be well developed, in order to cope with the academic challenges of the classroom.(5) If children are made to work under  insufficient second language circumstances  detriment consequences may occur.	In addition, Cummins explains that Common Underlying Proficiency can be summarized in six parts: (1) Both languages no matter if they are being used to write, read, or talk come from the same central engine.(2) The acquisition of two or more languages is possible because individuals have the abilities to store and function in more than one language.(3)Learning can occur through the use of one or two languages, eventually all knowledge gained will feed the same central processing system.(4) The language that a child uses in the classroom must be well developed in order to cope with the academic challenges of the classroom.(5) If children are made to work under insufficient second language circumstances detrimental consequences may occur.
This is because input will be difficult to understand.	This is because input will be difficult to understand.
So, the child won’t be able to generate appropriate output to succeed in an academic setting.	So, the child won’t be able to generate appropriate output to succeed in an academic setting.
(6)Subtractive environment may affect cognitive functioning and academic performance.	(6) A subtractive environment may affect cognitive functioning and academic performance.
Me, Myself and I	Me, Myself and I
When I write in English I have to think alot.	When I write in English I have to think a lot.
I have to think in the right word or phrase.	I have to think of the right word or phrase.
I have to distinguish between a polite or impolite term.	I have to distinguish between a polite or impolite term.
It's hard some times.	It's hard sometimes.
I like to speak and write in English I undertstand alot.	I like to use English I have a good understanding of.
I did't studied elementary or high school here in the U.	I didn't study elementary or high school here in the U.
I did't studied elementary or high school here in the U.	I didn't go to elementary or high school here in the US.
S.	S.
It wasn't until college that I moved here and started learning English.	It wasn't until college that I moved here and started learning English.
I was weird.	I was weird.
Learning like a child to read  and write.	Learning like a child does to read and write. Suggestion: Learning to read and write like a child.
I have managed to graduate from college and keep a fair 3.4 GPA.	I have managed to graduate from college and keep a fair 3.4 GPA.
It has not been easy.	It has not been easy.
I know I will be fully proficient one day.	I know I will be fully proficient one day.
I just hope that day will come soon.	I just hope that day will come soon.
To be honest I don't like to study or memmorize grammar rules.	To be honest I don't like to study or memorize grammar rules.
I like to practice better.	I like to practice in order to become better.
That's why I like this web-site so much.	That's why I like this website so much.
??	??
I don't understand what makes a young guy to feel like his life has no worth.	I don't understand what makes a young guy feel like his life has no worth.
Several of my old friends are like that.	Several of my old friends are like that.
They don't care if they die tomorrow, they do drugs and hang out with the wrong people, I mean I guess we all have had a rebelious stage and perhaps a blunt or two won't hurt any one but there are limits...	They don't care if they die tomorrow, they do drugs and hang out with the wrong people. I mean, I guess we all had a rebelious stage, and perhaps a blunt or two won't hurt anyone, but there are limits...
I don't know,  it makes me sad to see my friends like that.	I don't know,  it makes me sad to see my friends like that.
Things used to be different, but then all this drug thing exploded in Mexico's border and now several guys sell and do drugs.	Things used to be different, but then this drug thing exploded on Mexico's border and now several guys sell and do drugs.
I hate it.	I hate it.
I hope things change, but I doubt it.	I hope things change, but I doubt it.
Foundations of  Bilingual ED	Foundations of  Bilingual ED
In the 20th century, the government was concerned about immigrants not speaking the English language.	In the 20th century, the government was concerned about immigrants not speaking the English language.
Thus, it required immigrants to learn English in order to become U.	Thus, it required immigrants to learn English in order to become U.
S citizens.	S citizens.
This legislation was called the Nationality Act or Naturalization act and it was passed in 1906.	This legislation was called the Nationality Act or Naturalization act and it was passed in 1906.
Consequently, the Bureau of Education started adopting this point of view and recommended the use of English-only instruction in all elementary school settings	Consequently, the Bureau of Education started adopting this point of view and recommended the use of English-only instruction in all elementary school settings.
In addition, WWI brought a negative view against German language and language diversity acceptance declined.	In addition, WWI brought a negative view against the German language and language diversity acceptance declined.
At this point, a subtractive language environment started flourishing, and the interest in learning other languages dropped.	At this point, a negative language environment started flourishing, and the interest in learning other languages dropped. or "...an environment that was becoming increasingly negative towards language learning started to flourish..." "...dropped in the US"
Reading Cont.	Reading Cont.
In addition, the use of context clues is a useful strategy to find word meanings.	In addition, the use of context clues is a useful strategy to find word meanings.
Unknown words can be figured out by context.	Unknown words can be figured out by context.
Placing a blank over the word that children need to figure out, pushes them to pay careful attention to the rest of the text until they can find enough information to come up with a possible word to fill in the blank.	Placing a blank over the word that children need to figure out, the teacher pushes the children to pay careful attention to the rest of the text until they can find enough information to come up with a possible word to fill in the blank.
Context clues can be placed before or after the unknown word.	Context clues can be placed before or after the unknown word.
Students must first read the clues and then brainstorm possible answers.	Students must first read the clues and then brainstorm possible answers.
At the end, students may check if their guesses are correct.	At the end, students may check if their guesses are correct.
Vocabulary books created by children are also a meaningful strategy to develop vocabulary.	Vocabulary books created by children are also a meaningful strategy to develop vocabulary.
In a vocabulary book, the new word is written in the center of the page.	In a vocabulary book, the new word is written in the center of the page.
A synonym of the studied word is written in the upper-right corner and its meaning is placed on the upper-left corner.	A synonym of the studied word is written in the upper-right corner and its meaning is placed on the upper-left corner.
In addition, in the lower-left corner the student includes a sentence and an illustration using the studied word.	In the beginning, the student writes a sentence in the lower-left corner and an illustration using the studied word.
In the lower-right corner the student selects a classification for the word.	In the lower-right corner the student selects a classification for the word.
New words are added to the book throughout the year.	New words are added to the book throughout the year.
Learning about suffixes and prefixes helps children to uncover word meanings.	Learning about suffixes and prefixes can also help children to uncover word meanings.
By learning about syntax children can learn to build words.	By learning about syntax children can learn to build words.
For example, when a student learns that the word part anti means “against”, and also knows the meaning of the word “corrosive”.	For example, when a student learns that the word part anti means “against”, and also knows the meaning of the word “corrosive”.
They can form the word “anticorrosive”.	They can form the word “anticorrosive”.
Furthermore, using the dictionary to look for the meanings of unknown words is a helpful tool to learn new vocabulary words.	Furthermore, using the dictionary to look for the meanings of unknown words is a helpful tool to learn new vocabulary words.
Students need to learn that words have definitions and that those definitions can be finding in a dictionary.	Students need to learn that words have definitions and that those definitions could be found in a dictionary.
Proper instruction on how to use a dictionary, as well age appropriate dictionaries must be provider for young learners.	Proper instruction on how to use a dictionary, as well as age appropriate dictionaries, must be provided for young learners.
In conclusion, the use of semantic maps, context clues, vocabulary books, word parts, and the dictionary are helpful strategies that provide children with meaningful opportunities for expanding their vocabulary.	In conclusion, the use of semantic maps, context clues, vocabulary books, word parts, and the dictionary are helpful strategies that provide children with meaningful opportunities for expanding their vocabulary.
Reply to a Classmate	Reply to a Classmate
The four forms of bilingual education that promote bilingualism and bi-literacy are: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two Way/Dual Language and Mainstream bilingual education (Baker, P.	The four forms of bilingual education that promote bilingualism and bi-literacy are: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two Way/Dual Language and Mainstream bilingual education (Baker, P.
216).	216).
In contrast, Mainstreaming/Submersion and Mainstreaming/Submersion with Withdrawal classes have monolingualism as the expected language outcome.	Mainstreaming/Submersion and Mainstreaming/Submersion with Withdrawal classes have monolingualism as the expected language outcome.
On the other hand, Transitional bilingual education aims for relative monolingualism, while Immersion has bilingualism and bi-literacy as the expected language goals.	On the other hand/ In contrast, Transitional bilingual education aims for relative monolingualism, while Immersion has bilingualism and bi-literacy as the expected language goals.
Besides, Mainstreaming/Submersion, Mainstreaming/Submersion with Withdrawal classes and Transitional bilingual education are classified as weak forms of bilingual education, and their main goal is assimilation of language minorities rather than the maintenance of their home languages and cultural pluralism	In addition, Mainstreaming/Submersion, Mainstreaming/Submersion with Withdrawal classes and Transitional bilingual education are classified as weak forms of bilingual education, and their main goal is assimilation of language minorities rather than the maintenance of their home languages and cultural pluralism
225).	225).
On the contrary, Immersion is classified as a strong form of bilingual education because it encourages students to become bilingual, bi-literate, and bicultural (p.	On the contrary, Immersion is classified as a strong form of bilingual education because it encourages students to become bilingual, bi-literate, and bicultural (p.
256).	256).
For that reason, only one out of the four forms that you mentioned promotes bilingualism and bi-literacy (Immersion), while the rest of them shift towards monolingualism.	For that reason, only one of the four forms that you mentioned promotes bilingualism and bi-literacy (Immersion), while the rest of them shift towards monolingualism.
History of	History of
Before the settlers arrived, several languages were already spoken by Native Americans in the United States.	Before the settlers arrived, several languages were spoken by Native Americans in the United States.
Later, European immigrants arrived and the languages they spoke were added up to the more than 300 separate indigenous languages in the U.	Later, European immigrants arrived and the languages they spoke were added to the more than 300 separate indigenous languages in the U.
S.	S.
Evangelizers used indigenous languages to teach religion, and the use of diverse languages  in the 18th and 19th centuries was fairly tolerated.	Missionaries used indigenous languages to evangelize, and the use of diverse languages in the 18th and 19th centuries was fairly tolerated.
However, certain exceptions existed.	However, there were certain exceptions
In 1855 California mandated the use of English-only instruction and in the 1880’s the language suppression policies of the Bureau of Indian Affairs was ruled.	In 1855 California mandated the use of English-only instruction and Bureau of Indian Affairs enforced language suppression policies in the 1880's
In 1855 California mandated the use of English-only instruction and in the 1880’s the language suppression policies of the Bureau of Indian Affairs was ruled.	In 1855 California mandated the use of English-only instruction and the Bureau of Indian Affairs enforced language suppression policies in the 1880's.
Nevertheless, certain types of bilingual education existed at the time, and it wasn’t until the 20th century that bilingual education became a hot topic.	Nevertheless, certain types of bilingual education existed at the time, and it wasn’t until the 20th century that bilingual education became a hot topic. By hot, do you mean controversial? Or popular? It's unclear.
Several factors influenced this change being of utmost importance the rise in the number of immigrants and WWI.	Several factors influenced this change - one being the utmost import was the rise in the number of immigrants and WWI.
Several factors influenced this change being of utmost importance the rise in the number of immigrants and WWI.	Several factors influenced this change, the most important being the rise in the number of immigrants and WWI.
HELP	HELP
I need your help.	I need your help.
I would like to help others with their Spanish corrections but I just cannot figure out how to put the accent marks.	I would like to help others with their Spanish corrections, but I just cannot figure out how to include the accent marks.
I've already tried the controls + numbers and nothing works.	I've already tried the controls + numbers and nothing works.
I have two Spanish classes and everytime I write an essay I have to insert the accent marks as symbols.	I have two Spanish classes and every time I write an essay, I have to insert the accent marks as symbols.
I'ts annoying.	It's annoying.
Please help.	Please help.
Codeswitching	Codeswitching
I would like to know what do you think about codeswitching.	I would like to know what do you think about codeswitching.
Some people believe that it is garbage slang.	Some people believe that it is garbage slang.
On the other hand, others argue that codeswithching is a natural process that bilingual and multilingual individuals go thru.	On the other hand, others argue that codeswithching is a natural process that bilingual and multilingual individuals go thru.
Personally, I like it.	Personally, I like it.
For me it shows that language is indeed alive, its not static and changes all the time.	For me it shows that language is indeed alive, its not static and changes all the time.
I understand that we must make use of our languages according to the context,but well that's just me.	I understand that we must make use of our languages according to the context,but well that's just me.
Underachivement/Causes	Underachievement/Causes
Bilingualism is often signaled as one of the causes of minority children’s academic underachievement.	Bilingualism is often labeled as one of the causes of minority children’s academic underachievement.
A common belief is that bilinguals have two under developed languages; while monolinguals have one well developed language.	A common belief is that bilinguals have two underdeveloped languages; while monolinguals have one well developed language.
However, according to several theories this is not true.	However, according to several theories this is not true.
Moreover, the Threshold s theory explains that balanced bilingualism may lead to higher levels of cognition, and only when both languages are under developed detrimental effects such as academic failure may occur.	Moreover, Threshold's theory explains that balanced bilingualism may lead to higher levels of cognition, and only when both languages are under developed detrimental effects such as academic failure may occur.
Moreover, the Threshold s theory explains that balanced bilingualism may lead to higher levels of cognition, and only when both languages are under developed detrimental effects such as academic failure may occur.	Moreover, the Threshold theory explains that balanced bilingualism may actually lead to higher levels of cognition, and only when both languages are underdeveloped is there the potential for detrimental effects such as academic failure. 
In addition, lack of exposure to the majority language has also been attributed as reason for ELL’s under achievement.	In addition, lack of exposure to the majority language has also been attributed as reason for ELL’s underachievement. 
In addition, lack of exposure to the majority language has also been attributed as reason for ELL’s under achievement.	In addition, lack of exposure to the majority language has also been attributed as a reason for ELL’s underachievement.
Consequently, mainstreaming and transitional forms of bilingual education attempt to ensure a fast conversion to the majority language.	Consequently, mainstreaming and transitional forms of bilingual education attempt to ensure a fast conversion to the majority language.
Yet, this can stand the chance of doing more harm than good.	Yet, this can run the risk of doing more harm than good.
It denies the child’s skills in the home language, the cognitive and academic competence in that language and often it denies the identity and self-respect of the child itself.	It denies the child’s skills in the home language, their cognitive and academic competence in that language, and often it denies the identity and self-respect of the child as well.
On the contrary, bilingual education when effective implemented is not the cause of under achievement; rather it is the cure (p.	On the contrary, bilingual education when effectively implemented is not the cause of underachievement; rather it is the cure (p.
On the contrary, bilingual education when effective implemented is not the cause of under achievement; rather it is the cure (p.	On the contrary, bilingual education, when effectively implemented, is not the cause of underachievement, but rather the cure (p.
206) 	206) 
Furthermore, mismatch between home and school is also one of the factors for bilingual student’s underachievement.	Furthermore, a mismatch between home and school is also one of the factors in a bilingual student’s underachievement.
For that reason, the alternative view is that, where practicable the school system should be flexible enough to incorporate the home language and the culture.	For that reason, the alternative view is that, where practicable the school system should be flexible enough to incorporate the home language and the culture.
A mismatch between home and school can be positively addressed by strong forms of bilingual education for language minorities (p.	A mismatch between home and school can be positively addressed by strong forms of bilingual education for language minorities (p.
207).	207).
Overall, the real causes of underachievement tend to lie in relative social and economic deprivation and exclusion, a school which rejects the home language and culture of the child, and occasionally real learning difficulties (p.	Overall, the real causes of underachievement tend to lie in relative social and economic deprivation and exclusion, a school which rejects the home language and culture of the child, and occasionally real learning difficulties (p.
210).	210).
Happy	Happy
I'm very happy because I finally finished my homework.	I'm very happy because I finally finished my homework.
I would like to thank all the people who helped me.	I would like to thank all the people who helped me.
I really appreciate all you did, thanks to you my paper will look better and hopefully I will get a good grade.	I really appreciate all that you did. Thanks to you my paper will look better and I will hopefully get a good grade.
I really appreciate all you did, thanks to you my paper will look better and hopefully I will get a good grade.	I really appreciate everything you did. Thanks to you my paper will look better and hopefully I will get a good grade.
I'm happy to have found this site, I believe it's very amusing and helpful.	I'm happy to have found this site, I believe it's very fun and helpful.
I'm happy to have found this site, I believe it's very amusing and helpful.	I'm happy to have found this site. I believe it's very amusing and helpful.
I will be posting more homework later.	I will be posting more homework later.
I hope you don't get bored with my postings.	I hope you don't get bored with my postings.
If you need help do not hesitate to ask for it, I will be more than glad to help you.	If you need help do not hesitate to ask for it. I will be more than glad to help you.
Movies	Movies
Today I went to the movies and watched Hall Pass.	Today I went to the movies and watched Hall Pass.
It was fun.	It was fun.
I did not buy any snacks this time because it was late and I didn't want to waste time.	I did not buy any snacks this time because it was late and I didn't want to waste time.
I enjoy going to the movies.	I enjoy going to the movies.
It is one of my favorite things to do.	It is one of my favorite things to do.
I like all kind of movies, I enjoy being in the theatre.	I like all kind of movies and I enjoy being in the theatre.
What about you ?	What about you ?
homework	homework
According to Cummin’s theory of Common Underlying Proficiency, bilingualism can be represented by the shape of two icebergs.	According to Cummin’s theory of Common Underlying Proficiency, bilingualism can be represented by the shape of two icebergs.
On the surface these two icebergs are separated outlining the differences between the two languages when conversation occurs.	On the surface these two icebergs are separated outlining the differences between the two languages when conversation occurs.
On the other hand, underneath the surface the two icebergs are combined showing that both languages come from the same data base although they are different when transformed in to output.	On the other hand, underneath the surface the two icebergs are joined showing that both languages come from the same data base although they are different when transformed in to output.
On the other hand, underneath the surface the two icebergs are combined showing that both languages come from the same data base although they are different when transformed in to output.	On the other hand, underneath the surface the two icebergs are connected showing that both languages come from the same data base although they are different when transformed in to output.
Consequently, this theory explains that the two languages function together and share the same central processing system.	Consequently, this theory explains that the two languages function together and share the same central processing system.
Reading Homework	Reading Homework
The use of semantic maps, context clues, vocabulary books, word parts, and the dictionary are practices that help second and third graders to increase their vocabulary and better their reading comprehension skills.	The use of semantic maps, context clues, vocabulary books, word parts, and the dictionary are practices that help second and third graders to increase their vocabulary and better their reading comprehension skills.
By expanding their vocabulary, children improve their writing skills and their writing repertoire becomes more advanced.	By expanding their vocabulary, children improve their writing skills and as a result their writing repertoire becomes more advanced.
For that reason, the use of these strategies helps children to become better readers and writers.	For that reason, the use of these strategies helps children to become better readers and writers.
Semantic maps are graphs that help children to visualize the relationship between words.	Semantic maps are graphs that help children to visualize the relationship between words.
A semantic map can be built around any word that relates to the students’ interest or experiences.	A semantic map can be built around any word that relates to the students’ interest or experiences.
In addition, semantic maps can also be used to learn about a word related to the topic that is being studied.	In addition, semantic maps can also be used to learn about a word related to the topic that is being studied.
The first step of creating a semantic map is to write down the studied word on the center of the board or a piece of paper.	The first step of creating a semantic map is to write down the studied word on the center of the board or a piece of paper.
Then, together the students and the teacher must think of new words or definitions related to the studied word.	Then, the students and the teacher must think of new words or definitions together related to the studied word.
After that, the new words can be divided into categories.	After , the new words can be divided into categories.
Finally, the new words can be used to create a story.	Finally, the new words can be used to create a story.
Excercise	Excercise
This past month I decided it was time for me to loose those extra pounds that bother me so much.	This past month I decided it was time for me to lose those extra pounds that have bothered me so much.
My first step was to enroll in an Aerobic Excercise class.	My first step was to enroll in an aerobic excercise class.
Although that is not a class that I need to graduate, I decided to include it in my academic schedule because that would be the best way to force myself to excercise.	Although it is not a class that I need to graduate, I decided to include it in my academic schedule because it would be the best way to force myself to excercise.
Since the Aerobic Excercise class is only two times a week, I came up to the conclusion that if I was serious about losing weight I needed to add more excercise to my weekly routine.	Since the aerobic excercise class is only two times a week, I came to the conclusion that if I was serious about losing weight I needed to add more excercise to my weekly routine.
Then, I found out that the university was offering a bunch of free fitness classes.	Then I found out that the university was offering a bunch of free fitness classes.
Among the options were, indoor ciclyng, zumba, zumba tonning, step express, yogilates, piyo, and turbo kick.	Among the options were, indoor ciclyng, zumba, zumba tonning, step express, yogilates, piyo, and turbo kick.
After giving it a thought, I concluded that I would be adding indoor cycling to my work out routine.	After giving it a thought, I concluded that I would be adding indoor cycling to my work out routine.
So far, I am enjoying both of my classes.	So far, I am enjoying both of my classes.
I have attended to all the sessions and I feel really good.	I have attended all the sessions and I feel really good.
However, giving up the food has been very difficult, but I will work hard to reach my goal.	However, giving up the food has been very difficult, but I will work hard to reach my goal.
The Achivement Gap Issue	The Achievement Gap Issue
In the United States language minority speakers as well as immigrants are often classified as underachieving students, especially when compared to molingual English speakers.	monolingual
According to studies made by Thomas and Collier (1997, 2002a) students enrolled in weak bilingual education programs such as, Content ESL and Transitional Bilingual education tend to achieve lower levels of  reading than their monolingual counterparts.	According to studies conducted by Thomas and Collier (1997, 2002a), students enrolled in weak bilingual education programs such as Content ESL or Transitional...
Thus, bilingual education tends to be signaled as the cause of lower levels of achievement.	Thus, bilingual education tends to be labeled as the cause of lower levels of achievement.
However, the studies also suggest that students enrolled in strong bilingual education programs such as Two Way/Dual Language score at or above the average (Baker, 1996, p.	However, other studies suggest that students enrolled in strong bilingual education programs such as Two Way/Dual Language score at or above the average (Baker, 1996, p.
204).	204).
Consequently, research suggests that the method of bilingual education used with students has more influence in their academic achievement than their socio-economic status.	Consequently, research implies that the method of bilingual education used with students has more influence over their academic achievement than their socio-economic status.
Nonetheless, reports from 41 states explain that only 18.7% of ELL students met the state forms for reading in English.	Nonetheless, reports from 41 states explain that only 18.7% of ELL students met the state norms for reading in English.
Other arguments suggest higher drop rates and recurrent placement in lower ability groups for ELL’s.	Other arguments suggest higher dropout rates and recurrent placement in lower-ability groups for ELL’s.
Moreover, Freeman et al.(2002), indicates that ELL students who have lived all their life in the U.	Moreover, Freeman et al.(2002), indicates that ELL students who have lived all their life in the U.
S are the ones that tend to perform worse than any other ELL group.	S. are...
S are the ones that tend to perform worse than any other ELL group.	S. tend to perform worse than any other ELL group.
In conclusion, low levels of achievement in ELL students are often signaled as consequence of inefficient classroom learning methods, as well as to bilingual education.	In conclusion, low levels of achievement in ELL students are often signaled as a consequence of inefficient classroom learning methods, as well as to bilingual education.
In conclusion, low levels of achievement in ELL students are often signaled as consequence of inefficient classroom learning methods, as well as to bilingual education.	In conclusion, low levels of achievement in ELL students are often attributed to inefficient classroom instructional methods, as well as to bilingual education.
Yet, research suggests that this gap can only be closed by implementing strong forms of bilingual education aided with well-organized instruction.	Research suggests, however, that this gap can only be closed by implementing effective forms of bilingual education aided by well-organized instruction.
Mall	Mall
Today after school I went to the mall because I needed to make a payment at Dillard's store.	Today after school I went to the mall to make a payment at Dillard's store.***Today after school, I went to the mall to make a payment at the Dillard's store. 
After I made the payment I headed to the make-up section and bought a moisturizing lotion for my face and one for my eyes.	After I made the payment I headed to the make-up section and bought a moisturizing lotion for my face and one for my eyes.***I went to the make-up section, after I made the payment, and bought two moisturizing lotions: one for my face, and one for my eyes. 
I had never bougth those things before but I wanted to pamper myself so I bought them.	I had never bougth those things before but I wanted to pamper myself .***I had never bought those before, but I wanted to pamper myself. 
After I paid I went to the mall's massage zone and I decided to pay for a massage.	After I paid I went to the mall's massage and I decided to pay for a massage.***After buying them, I went to the mall's massage area and decided to pay for a message. 
It was awesome!!!	It was awesome!!!
I lasted 30 minutes and worthed every penny.	I lasted 30 minutes and worthed every penny.***It lasted 30 minutes and is worth every penny.
I was so pleased with the massage that I decided I have to do it at least once a month.	I was so pleased with the massage that I decided I have to do it at least once a month.**I was so pleased with the message that I decided to have one at least every month. 
When I got home I realized I have spent alot of money, but I wasn't sad, I was happy because I was neglected my-self too much the last moths that I felt I deserved all that.	When I got home I realized I have spent alot of money, but I wasn't sad, I was happy because I was neglected my-self too much the last moths that I felt I deserved all that.**When I got home, I realised that I spent a lot of money. I wasn't sad, though; I deserved all that because I neglected myself too much these last months. 
My stuff	My stuff
I have tons of homework.	I have tons of homework.
I don't even know where to start.	I don't even know where to start.
I have to write an essay and read two chapters of my Foundations of Bilingual Ed.	I have to write an essay and read two chapters of my Foundations of Bilingual Ed.
class.	class.
Plus, I have to work in a Power Point presentation and a lesson plan.	Plus, I have to work on a Power Point presentation and a lesson plan.
Well, I guess I should start working and stop complaining.	Well, I guess I should start working and stop complaining.
Hopefully tomorrow I'll have time to go to the movies and spend time with my family.	Hopefully tomorrow I'll have time to go to the movies and spend time with my family.
Confused	Confused
Next year I will be graduating from the university.	Next year I will be graduating from college.
Altough I'm happy, I'm also very concerned because the school districts are not hiring at all.	Although I'm happy, I'm also very worried because the school districts around here are not hiring at all.
Bilingual teachers are not necessary here in Laredo.	Bilingual teachers are not particularly needed here in Laredo.
Why?	Why?
because since it's a border (US-Mex) everybody speaks and understands the 2 languages (Engl-Span, not everyone is fully bilingual but some degree of bilingualism exists).	Because Laredo is on the US-Mexico border, everybody speaks and understands both English and Spanish; not everyone is fully bilingual, but some degree of bilingualism exists.
So, I don't know, our teachers told us that we must try to look for a job out of town, or become substitute teachers until we find a job,that's so wrong, I meant what kind of encouragement is that?	So, I don't know, our teachers told us that we have to look for a job out of town, or become substitute teachers until we find a job. That's so wrong! I mean, what kind of encouragement is that?
I don't know I will probably move out of town, but I don't know...	I don't know. I will probably move out of town, but I don't know...
Yesterday	Yesterday
Yesterday I went to buy a new computer.	Yesterday I went to buy a new computer.
I checked every computer in the store, and when I found the one that I wanted, I called a sales associate and let him know I was ready to pay.	I checked every computer in the store, and when I found the one that I wanted, I called a sales associate and let him know I was ready to pay.
Then, he said he had to ask me some quick questions about myself, such as if that was the first time I have bought a laptop there and so on.	Then, he said he had to ask me some quick questions about myself, such as if this was the first time I had bought a laptop there and so on.
Once he finished with the questions he told me that the laptop that I wanted could not be sold unless I bought a $99dlls protection plan.	When he finished with the questions he told me that the laptop that he couldn't sell me the laptop unless I bought a $99 protection plan.
However, I was not impressed, it's always the same at those electronic's stores there is always a hidden fee or an after mailing rebate thing.	I was not impressed, it's always the same at these electronic's stores; there is always a hidden fee or mail-in rebate thing.
I wish they just put the real price.	I wish they would just put the real price.
Anyways, I ended up buying the 99 dlls plan thing (and on top of that the guy wanted me to apply for the card, and buy other "optional services").	Anyways, I ended up buying the 99 dlls plan thing (and on top of that the guy wanted me to apply for the card, and buy other "optional services").
Have something like this happened to you?	Have something like this happened to you?
Homework help 	Homework help 
Language is often viewed as a badge of loyalty.	Language is often viewed as a badge of loyalty.
For some language is pre-eminent badge that expresses a sense of belonging to a national group.	For some, language is a pre-eminent badge that expresses a sense of belonging to a national group.
Language becomes a symbol of independence of a separate nation and of a separate people (Baker, 2006, p.	Language becomes a symbol of independence of a separate nation and of a separate people (Baker, 2006, p.
84).	84).
I believe this true, language is part of the culture and personality of individuals, there is no way to separate individuals from their languages for that reason when a language is insulted or diminished, so are the individuals that speak that language.	I believe this is true. Language is part of the culture and personality of individuals, there is no way to separate individuals from their languages. For that reason when a language is insulted or diminished, so are the individuals that speak that language.
Annoying things	Annoying things
Yesterday a professor was talking about the importance of being a teacher.	Yesterday a professor was talking about the importance of being a teacher.
She said that if we were pursuing an education career because we were willing to have weekends off and summer vacations we should change our major.	She said that if we were pursuing an education career just because we were interested in having weekends off and summer vacations, we should change our major. "Willing" wouldn't be quite the word- everyone's willing to have those things!
I agree.	I agree.
It's annoying to listen my classmates explaining that they want to be Pre-K or elementary teachers because it is easy and because children will believe anything they say because they are small and easy to scare.	It's annoying to listen my classmates explaining that they want to be Pre-K or elementary teachers because it is easy and because children will believe anything they say because they are small and easy to scare.
Agghhhh!	Agghhhh!
I don't understand.	I don't understand.
I mean we will be dealing with brains, that's a huge responsibility.	I mean, we will be dealing with brains. That's a huge responsibility.
How can some people be so ignorant?	How can some people be so indifferent?
How is that they don't care?...	How is it that they don't care?...
How is that they don't care?...	How can they not care?...
I mean I'm so scared, I want to be a teacher, but I feel nervous, I am scared of not being able to provide the adequate instrucion, I'm scared of not being good enough for my children.	I mean I'm so scared, I want to be a teacher, but I feel nervous, I am scared of not being able to provide the adequate instruction, I'm scared of not being good enough for my students I will teach.
I mean I'm so scared, I want to be a teacher, but I feel nervous, I am scared of not being able to provide the adequate instrucion, I'm scared of not being good enough for my children.	I mean, I'm so scared. I want to be a teacher, but I feel nervous. I am worried about not being able to provide the adequate instruction, and I'm scared of not being good enough for my students.
While this girls are more worried about what clothes will they wear when they get a job...	While these girls are more worried about what clothes they will wear when they get a job...
Does this soud familiar to you?	Does this sound familiar to you?
Finally...	Finally...
In conclusion, both theories agree with the idea of a connection between the two languages and describe that all knowledge gained trough one or both language channels feeds the central operating system.	In conclusion, both theories agree with the idea of a connection between the two languages and state that all knowledge gained through one or both language channels feeds the central operating system.
Besides, both acknowledge that children must acquire well developed abilities in the language of the classroom, in order to cope with curriculum.	Both acknowledge that children must acquire well developed abilities in the language of the classroom, in order to cope with curriculum.
In addition, they state that cognitive advantages may occur when children gain a level of “balanced bilingualism” and explain that underdeveloped levels of proficiency in both languages trigger academic success.	In addition, they state that cognitive advantages may occur when children gain a level of “balanced bilingualism” and explain that even underdeveloped levels of proficiency in both languages trigger academic success.
Also, the Thresholds Theory goes further and shows the possible reasons of minority language children’s failure in the learning of a second language such as the transition of students with inefficient second language levels to English only classrooms.	The Thresholds Theory goes further and proposes possible reasons for minority language children’s failure in the learning of a second language such as the transition of students with inefficient second language ability to English-only classrooms.
Therefore, the Thresholds Theory suggests that programs that allow children to learn using their first and second language are more effective and lead to superior results than those noted on other programs.	Therefore, the Thresholds Theory suggests that programs that allow children to learn using their first and second language are more effective and lead to superior results than those noted in other programs.
A Book about Murder and Forgiveness	A Book about Murder and Forgiveness
Last year a read a book called "What Daddy Did", by Neal Shusterman.	Last year I read a book called "What Daddy Did", by Neal Shusterman.
It was amazing.	It was amazing.
I was impresed to learn it was a true story,(and what a story!).	I was impressed to learn it was a true story (and what a story it was!).
I mean, could you forgive your dad after he killed your mom?	I mean, could you forgive your dad after he killed your mom?
After reading this book I thought it was impossible, but now I'm not so sure, perhaps I would.	After reading this book I thought it was impossible, but now I'm not so sure, perhaps I would.
Secrets	Secrets
Well, today was thinking about a particular kind of music that I like: Tacky music.	Well, today I was thinking about a particular kind of music that I like: Tacky music.
Yes I have to admit it.	Yes I have to admit it.
I don't know what it is but sometimes I can't resist miself to sing or move while listening a bad song, and even worst a song that everybody around me dislikes and laughs of.	I don't know what it is but sometimes I can't resist singing or moving while listening to a bad song, and even worse a song that everybody around me dislikes and laughs at.
So, I wonder, am I the only one who suffers from this I-like-bad-songs disorder	So, I wonder, am I the only one who suffers from this I-like-bad-songs disorder?
And if I am not, would you share your tacky song with me so I can laugh of it?	And if I am not, would you share your tacky song with me so I can laugh at it?
And if I am not, would you share your tacky song with me so I can laugh of it?	And if not, would you share your tacky song with me so I can laugh at it?
Well, I share my a couple of tacky songs with you all.	Well, I'll share a couple of tacky songs with you all.
Please don't judge me :P	Please don't judge me :P
Language proficiency	Language proficiency
Conversational language is the language is the language of everyday interaction	Conversational language is the language of everyday interaction.
It is heavily “contextualized”, that is aspects of the situation help make input comprehensible and reduces the necessity of adding information for the speaker	It is heavily “contextualized”, that is, aspects of the situation help make input comprehensible and reduces the necessity of adding information for the speaker.
“Academic”, language is the language of school, politics, science and business, and is more decontextualized, that is, it must be comprehend with less contextual help (Krashen, 1996, p.60).	“Academic” language is the language of school, politics, science and business, and is more decontextualized, that is, it must be understood with less contextual help (Krashen, 1996, p.60).
This explains Cummins’ BICS and CALPS theory, and shows that language proficiency has many different shades of gray.	This explains Cummins’ BICS and CALPS theories, and shows that language proficiency has many different shades of gray.
For that reason, teachers must be very careful when evaluating student’s language proficiency.	For that reason, teachers must be very careful when evaluating student’s language proficiency.
According to Cummins, it takes about 2 years to develop conversational skills.	According to Cummins, it takes about 2 years to develop conversational skills.
On the other hand, 4 to seven years are needed in order to develop academic proficiency.	On the other hand, 4 to 7 years are needed in order to develop academic proficiency.
Consequently, the conversational skills acquired within the first years might give the false illusion of readiness for transition.	Consequently, the conversational skills acquired within the first years might give the false illusion of readiness for transition.
However research as explained that placing students in English only programs before they have acquired enough academic skills, place them in sink-or swim situations that may lead to detrimental effects.	However research has explained that placing students in English only programs, before they have acquired enough academic skills, places them in sink-or-swim situations that may lead to detrimental effects.
Situational Factors	Situational Factors
Bilingual education students come from diverse backgrounds and learning environments.	Bilingual education students come from diverse backgrounds and learning environments.
Thus, the use of the same program with different groups of students does not guarantee the same results for all.	Thus, the use of the same program with different groups of students does not guarantee the same results for all.
The outcomes of bilingual education programs may be affected by variables such as parent involvement, level of resource support, program characteristics and commitment of teachers.	The outcomes of bilingual education programs may be affected by variables such as parent involvement, level of resource support, program characteristics and commitment of teachers.
For that reason, the impact of situational factors on program effectiveness must be evaluated in order to develop an appropriate instructional method for each group.	For that reason, the impact of situational factors on program effectiveness must be evaluated in order to develop an appropriate instructional method for each group.
 Parental interest is one intervening factor.	 Parental interest is one determining factor.
For example, children whose parents are involved in school activities are more likely to receive help from their parents while learning a second language.	For example, children whose parents are involved in school activities are more likely to receive help from their parents while learning a second language.
In addition, parental involvement and cooperation with teachers can help to develop better instructional programs as well as to reach higher academic achievement.	In addition, parental involvement and cooperation with teachers can help in the development of better instructional programs as well as stimulate higher academic achievement.
Parents hold a great influence on children’s preferences and attitudes towards several topics, thus the importance of this variable.	Parents hold great influence on children’s preferences and attitudes towards several topics, hence the importance of this variable.
Mexican Telenovelas	Mexican Telenovelas
For the past 5 months I had been watching a Mexican telenovela called Teresa.	For the past 5 months I had been watching a Mexican telenovela called Teresa.
For the past 5 months I had been watching a Mexican telenovela called Teresa.	For the past 5 months I have been watching a Mexican telenovela called Teresa. I think it's okay to leave "telenovela" untranslated, but if you insisted, it would be "soap opera."
It was the same old story about the poor girl that marries a rich guy because she's obsessed with money.	It was the same old story about the poor girl that marries a rich guy because she's obsessed with money.
She was mean, she lied to her friends, and said her mother was dead cause she was embarrased of her humble roots.	She was mean, she lied to her friends, and she said her mother was dead cause she was embarrassed of her humble roots.
She was mean, she lied to her friends, and said her mother was dead cause she was embarrased of her humble roots.	She was mean, she lied to her friends, and she said her mother was dead because she was embarrassed by her humble roots. Or, "ashamed of."
Plus, she dumped the rich guy and seduced his best friend, whom also happened to be her sister's in law boyfriend.	Plus, she dumped the rich guy and seduced his best friend, who also happened to be her sister-in-law's boyfriend.
So, in summary she was a tramp.	So in summary, she was a tramp.
Anyways, this past Sunday the novela ended.	Anyway, this past Sunday the novela ended.
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada we were all together to watch Teresa's last chater, we were hoping her to end homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our suprise she did't.	My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada. We were all watching Teresa's last chapter together, and were hoping her to end up homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our surprise she didn't.
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada we were all together to watch Teresa's last chater, we were hoping her to end homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our suprise she did't.	My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada. We were all together to watch Teresa's last episode, hoping that she would end up homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our surprise she didn't.
AAGHH!	AAGHH!
It was so unfair, she kept the money and the guy.	It was so unfair, she kept the money and the guy.
It was so unfair, she kept the money and the guy.	It was so unfair; she kept the money and the guy.
So, what did she learn?	So what did she learn?
What was message, be a tramp and you'll suceed?	What was the message, be a tramp and you'll succeed?
So to end this entry I'll just cite Teresa's mom :Me das miedo Teresa...	So to end this entry, I'll just quote Teresa's mom :Me das miedo Teresa...
:P	:P
Code-mixing	Code-mixing
I know several people dislikes the use of code swithching.	I know several people dislike the use of code-switching.
In my personal opinion there is always a place and time to use it.	In my personal opinion there is always a place and time to use it.
In my community code-mixing(Spanglish) is a very common practice.	In my community code-mixing(Spanglish) is a very common practice.
I use it very often with my friends and family, but I never use it for academic or professional purposes.	I use it very often with my friends and family, but I never use it for academic or professional purposes.
I think is cool to have a different way to communicate.	I think it is cool to have a different way to communicate.
I never used Spanglish in Mexico.	I never used Spanglish in Mexico.
I know is not as important as Standard English, but I learned to use because I wanted to be able to understand my classmates and friends, basically because I wanted to feel a sense of belonging.	I know it is not as important as Standard English, but I learned to use it because I wanted to be able to understand my classmates and friends, basically because I wanted to feel a sense of belonging.
Anyways, my main goal is to learn Standard English, but I would also like to be able to understand different dialects.	Anyways, my main goal is to learn Standard English, but I would also like to be able to understand different dialects.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Tired	Tired
I feel tired.	I feel tired, because
I have tons of homework.	I have tons of homework.
I like to study and read but this time I feel like it's alot.	I like to study and read but this time I feel like it's a lot.
I like to study and read but this time I feel like it's alot.	I like to study and read, but this time I feel like it's a lot.
But, well what can I do.	But, what can I do.
But, well what can I do.	But, well, what can you do. This is a commonly used phrase to say, in general, what can a person do about their situation--?
I need to start working on my Spanish essay, that will be easier, or at least that's what I think.	I need to start working on my Spanish essay, that will be easier, or at least that's what I think.
I hope I get good grades in all my classes.	I hope I get good grades in all my classes.
I Think That..	I Think That..
I think that my brain hurts.	I feel like my brain hurts.
I am tired, I need a Monster.	I am tired, I need a Monster.
Yesterday I was supposed to finish my homework, but instead I went to sleep and watched tv, so today I am paying the consequences.	Yesterday I was supposed to finish my homework, but insteadI watched TV and then went to sleep, so today I am paying the consequences.
I guess my homework is not that hard, but I take for ever to write a paper, this makes me feel angry with myself,I feel silly sometimes, but well I guess I'll improve with the time.	I suppose my homework is not that hard, but I take for ever to write a paper. This makes me feel angry with myself. I feel silly sometimes, but I guess I'll improve with time.
I guess my homework is not that hard, but I take for ever to write a paper, this makes me feel angry with myself,I feel silly sometimes, but well I guess I'll improve with the time.	I guess my homework is not that hard, but I take forever to write a paper, which makes me feel angry with myself. I feel silly sometimes, but well, I guess I'll improve with time.
Weak Forms	Weak Forms
There are three weak forms of bilingual education for bilinguals: Transitional, Mainstream with foreign language teaching, and Separatist.	There are three weak forms of bilingual education for bilinguals: Transitional, Mainstream with foreign language teaching, and Separatist.
Transitional programs have language minority students as the typical type of child.	Transitional programs have language minority students as the typical type of child.
The language of the classroom moves from minority to majority language and its societal and educational aims are assimilation/subtractive.	The language of the classroom moves from minority to majority language and its societal and educational aims are assimilative and subtractive.
Its aim in language outcome is relative monolingualism.	Its aim in language outcome is relative monolingualism.
In addition, Mainstream programs language majority students and uses majority language with L2/FL lessons as the language of the classroom.	In addition, Mainstream uses the majority language as the language of the classroom, even with L2/FL lessons.
Mainstream’s societal and educational aim is limited enrichment and its aim in language outcome is limited bilingualism.	Mainstream’s societal and educational aim is limited enrichment and its aim in language outcome is limited bilingualism.
Lastly, Separatist bilingual education is targeted to language minority students and the language of the classroom is the minority language.	Lastly, Separatist bilingual education is targeted to language minority students and the language of the classroom is the minority language.
Its societal and educational aims are detachment/autonomy and its aim in language outcome is limited bilingualism.	Its societal and educational aims are detachment/autonomy and its aim in language outcome is limited bilingualism.
Feeling Sick	Feeling Sick
Today I am feeling sick.	Today I am feeling sick.
My head hurts and my throat feels sore.	My head hurts and my throat feels sore.
I think I have the flu.	I think I have the flu.
I feel weak and I did not want to go to class.	I feel weak and I didn’t want to go to class.
Nonetheless, I woke up at 7:00am and went to school.	Nonetheless, I woke up at 7:00am and went to school.
I did not put too much attention to the lecture because I felt very spleepy but at least I showed up to class.	I didn’t pay too much attention to the lecture because I felt very sleepy but at least I showed up to class.
I hope I can feel better tomorrow.	I hope I can feel better tomorrow.
I  	I  
Characteristics of the Strong forms of Bilingual Ed	Characteristics of the Strong forms of Bilingual Ed
There are four strong forms of bilingual education: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two way/Dual Language and Mainstream Bilingual.	There are four major/prominent forms of bilingual education: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two way/Dual Language and Mainstream Bilingual.
Immersion is targeted for majority language students and the language of the classroom is bilingual with emphasis on L2.	Immersion is targeted at majority language students and the language of the classroom is bilingual with emphasis on L2.
Its societal and educational aims are pluralism and enrichment additive.	Its societal and educational aims are pluralism and enrichment.
Its aims in language outcomes are to promote bilingualism and bi-literacy.	Its aims in language outcomes are to promote bilingualism and bi-literacy.
Maintenance/Heritage Language has language minority children as its typical child type.	Maintenance/Heritage Language has language minority children as its typical child type.
The language of the classroom is bilingual with emphasis on L1 and its societal and educational aims are maintenance, pluralism and enrichment additive.	 The language of the classroom is bilingual with emphasis on L1 and its societal and educational aims are maintenance of the students' native language, pluralism and enrichment.
Its aims in language outcome are bilingualism and bi-literacy.	Its aims in language outcome are bilingualism and bi-literacy.
Two Way/Dual Language has mixed language minority and majority children as its typical kind of students.	Two Way/Dual Language has both students from mixed linguistic backgrounds and majority children as its typical kind of students.
The languages of the classroom are equally balanced majority and minority languages.	The languages of the classroom are equally balanced among majority and minority languages.
Its societal aims are maintenance pluralism and Enrichment additive and its aims in language outcome are bilingualism and bi-literacy.	Its societal aims are maintenance, pluralism and enrichment additive and its aims in terms of language outcome are bilingualism and bi-literacy.
Mainstream Bilingual has language majority children as the typical kind of student.	Mainstream Bilingual has language majority children as the typical kind of student.
The languages used in the classroom are the two majority languages plus any other minority languages.	The languages used in the classroom are the two majority languages plus any other minority languages.
Its societal aims are maintenance, bi-literacy and enrichment additive.	Its societal aims are maintenance, bi-literacy and enrichment additive.
Its aim in language outcome is bilingualism (p.	Its aim in language outcome is bilingualism (p.
216).	216).
Today	Today
I don't feel like going to class today.	I don't feel like going to class today.
I just want to stay in my house and read.	I just want to stay in my house and read.
I bought a very interesting book and I can't stop reading it.	I bought a very interesting book, and I can't stop reading it.
It's cool when you find a book like that, it doesn't happen to me very often.	It's cool when you find a book like that. It doesn't happen to me very often.
Anyway, I have to go to class.	Anyway, I have to go to class.
I'll read later.	I'll read later.
Multicultural ed	Multicultural ed
U.	U.
S classrooms are diverse.	S classrooms are diverse.
Students come from many different backgrounds and SES.	Students come from many different backgrounds and SES.
Teachers must understand and respect student’s cultures and languages.	Teachers must understand and respect student’s cultures and languages.
Although, English acquisition is of utmost importance for ELL and newcomers, teachers must understand that children will learn at their own peace, and that putting down their culture and language will only result on lack of motivation and low self-concept.	Although, English acquisition is of utmost importance for ELL and newcomers, teachers must understand that children will learn at their own pace, and that putting down their culture and language will only result in lack of motivation and low self-esteem.
Although, English acquisition is of utmost importance for ELL and newcomers, teachers must understand that children will learn at their own peace, and that putting down their culture and language will only result on lack of motivation and low self-concept.	Although English acquisition is of utmost importance...
Hence, the importance of alternative programs such as bilingual education and ESL.	Hence, the importance of alternative programs such as bilingual education and ESL.
Flea Market	Flea Market
Today I went to the flea market.	Today I went to a flea market. For some reason, this sounds better to me. Maybe because in my mind I think of a flea market more like an event, and less like a fixed place.
It was packed.	It was packed.
Merchandise arrives every Wednesday, so that's why it was crowded.	Merchandise arrives every Wednesday, so that's why it was crowded.
The reason why I was there is because I wanted to buy some books.	The reason I was there is because I wanted to buy some books. - no need to say 'why'.
They always have cheap books.	They always have cheap books.
I bought 2 books and I only paid $1.00, a real bargain.	I bought 2 books and I only paid $1.00, a real bargain.
Before, I tought flea markets only sold used merchandise, but they don't.	Before, I thought flea markets only sold used merchandise, but they don't.
I think about 80% of the merchandise they sell is new.	I think about 80% of the merchandise they sell is new.
Most of the merchandise comes from stores like Walmart and K-mart.	Most of the merchandise comes from stores like Walmart and K-mart.
Anyways, it was fun.	Anyway, it was fun. - No need for the 's', it's used colloquially, but is not 'correct'. 
Have you ever been in a flea market?	Have you ever been to a flea market?
Thresholds	Thresholds
On the other hand, the Thresholds theory sums up the relationship between bilingualism and cognition.	On the other hand, the Thresholds theory sums up the relationship between bilingualism and cognition.
This theory is represented by the illustration of a house with three floors.	This theory is represented by an illustration of a house with three floors.
The bottom floor represents the group of individuals whose current in both languages proficiency is below their average age level.	The bottom floor represents the group of individuals whose current proficiency in both languages is below the average level of their age group.
This can bring negative outcomes because children won’t be able to function academically, plus negative cognitive effects may occur.	This can bring negative outcomes because children won’t be able to function academically, plus negative cognitive effects may occur.
The second floor describes the group of individuals with average age level proficiency in one of the languages.	The second floor describes the group of individuals with the average proficiency level for their age group in one of the languages.
This stage of bilingualism allows children to function academically in one of the languages.	This stage of bilingualism allows children to function academically in one of the languages.
However, no cognitive advantages may be observed during this stage.	However, no cognitive advantages may be observed during this stage.
Moreover, the third floor portrays the group of “balanced bilinguals”.	Moreover, the third floor portrays the group of “balanced bilinguals”.
This group is able to function at the average age level in both languages.	This group is able to function at the average age level in both languages.
Also, cognitive advantages superior than monolingual children may be observed.	Also, cognitive advantages superior to those of monolingual children may be observed.
Hello	Hello
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
It has been a long time since my last entry.	It has been a long time since my last entry.
I am very happy to be back.	I am very happy to be back.
I don't know why but I don't feel like writing anymore.	I don't know why but I don't feel like writing anymore.
I guess I am just lazy.	I guess I am just lazy.
However, I will start writing again.	However, I will start writing again.
I won't quit this time.	I won't quit this time.
I hope you can support me, is fun to learn with you all.	I hope you can support me, it is fun to learn with you all.
:)	:)
reaction	Reaction
According to my experience as an English learner literacy skills and knowledge gained through the first language do transfer to the second language.	According to my experience as an English learner, literacy skills, and knowledge gained through the first language transfer to the second language.
I started learning English language in college and my Spanish reading skills were highly developed.	I started learning the English language in college, and my Spanish reading skills were already highly developed.
I already knew how to read in Spanish and I learned sentence structure in my first language.	I already knew how to read in Spanish, and I learned sentence structure in my first language.
Thus, I quickly learned to comprehend English text.	Thus, I quickly learned to comprehend English text.
Additionally, I have always had the habit of reading which helped me to increase my L2 skills.	Additionally, I have always had a habit of reading, which helped me to increase my L2 skills.
Moreover, the Spanish classes that I took in college helped me to understand the writing process, and once I learned the components and processes of the different types of essays and research papers in Spanish I was able to write Essays in English.	Moreover, the Spanish classes that I took in college helped me to understand the writing process, and once I learned the components and processes of the different types of essays and research papers in Spanish, I was able to write Essays in English.
In addition, when I took Algebra classes, the mathematical knowledge that I gained through my first language transferred to my second language.	In addition, when I took Algebra classes, the mathematical knowledge that I gained through my first language transferred to my second language.
This was more context-embedded because I was not able to comprehend the teacher explanations word by word, but the knowledge that I had helped me to make English input more comprehensible.	This was more context-embedded because I was not able to comprehend the teacher's explanations word by word, but the knowledge that I had helped me to make the English input more comprehensible.
In conclusion, I think that knowledge gained through one language does transfer to other languages because we always try to relate the new input to background knowledge in order to shelter the learning of our new skills.	In conclusion, I think that knowledge gained through one language does transfer to other languages because we always try to relate the new input to background knowledge in order to shelter the learning of our new skills.
After a week	After a week
After taking a week off from Japanese...	After taking a week off from Japanese...
I'm back on track :D	I'm back on track :D
During that week, I've tried to set up a studying schedule, organize material and my wiki, re-make/think better how to make the flashcards so they not make me feel bored/lazy when I'm using them, etc.	During that week, I've tried to set up a studying schedule, organize material and my wiki, re-make/think better how to make the flashcards so they don't make me feel bored/lazy when I'm using them, etc.
Also, I've tried to see which I should learn now and focus on that, what to learn after, and so on.	Also, I've tried to see which I should learn now and focus on that, what to learn after, and so on.
More over, I've been watching videos where people show how far they've gone with the language they studied on their own...	Moreover, I've been watching videos where people show how far they've gone with the language they studied on their own...
for the motivation part you know?	For motivational purposes, you know?
Now I feel fresh, with the desire of learning again :)	Now I feel fresh, with the desire to learn again :)
Firefox extension	Firefox extension
Hi!	Hi!
this is my first post.	this is my first post.
I will translate a Firefox extension (EmotiConverter) review, because I need it in English, and I want to practice the language.	I will translate a Firefox extension (EmotiConverter) review, because I need it in English, and I want to practice the language.
I will divide the review in a few post, because is too long, and I have little time.	I will divide the review into a few posts, because is too long, and I have little time.
I will divide the review in a few post, because is too long, and I have little time.	I will divide the review into a few posts, because it is too long, and I have little time.
This is not publicity, really!	This is not publicity, really!
I need this to be translate, and I want to do this by myself.	I need this to be translated, and I want to do this by myself.
Index	Index
1.	1.
Summary	Summary
2.	2.
Getting started	Getting started
3.	3.
Functions	Functions
4.	4.
Other options	Other options
5.	5.
Using EmotiConverter	Using EmotiConverter
6.	6.
Video	Video
7.	7.
Future options	Future options
8.	8.
Download	Download
9.	9.
Support and suggestions	Support and suggestions
1.- Summary	1.- Summary
Imagine that you have uploaded several emoticons to a host (eg: imageshack, photobucket, deviantart, etc) and that every time you use them you have to go to the host, find your emoticon, copy your url and paste it where you want to post it	Imagine that you have uploaded several emoticons to a host (eg: Imageshack, Photobucket, Deviantart, etc) and that every time you use them you have to go to the host, find your emoticon, copy your url and paste it where you want it to be.
Imagine that the forum which you frequent has emoticons that you like, but that their shortcuts or keywords (eg ":D", "mrgreen", etc) are too long or difficult to write.	Imagine that the forum which you frequent has emoticons that you like, but that their shortcuts or keywords (eg ":D", "mrgreen", etc) are too long or difficult to write.
Now imagine that exists an extension that solves all these problems.	Now imagine that an extension exists that solves all these problems.
Now imagine that exists an extension that solves all these problems.	Now imagine an extension that solves all these problems. - It sounds best this way. You could also write "Now imagine that there is an extension that..."
That is EmotiConverter: an extension that helps users of any forum to be able to put emoticons they want with the keywords they want, and a super easy and quick way.	That is EmotiConverter: an extension that helps users of any forum to be able to put emoticons where they want with the keywords they want, in a super easy and quick way.
Firefox extension III	Firefox extension III
The original post (in Spanish):	The original post (in Spanish):
I will divide the long entries in few smaller to make easiest your corrections ^_^	I will divide the longer entries into a few smaller ones so it's easier to make corrections ^_^
Functions - Part 1	Functions - Part 1
EmotiConverter has a options window in that you can do any necessary action to manage our emoticons:	EmotiConverter has an options window that you can use to do any necessary action to manage your emoticons:
Every table single row represent an emoticon:	Every table single row represents an emoticon:
The 1º column shows the emoticon number.	The 1st column shows the emoticon number.
The 2º column the emoticon shortcut of that emoticon.	The 2nd column is the emoticon shortcut of that emoticon.
The 3º column contain the emoticon URL.	The 3º column contains the emoticon URL.
Right clicking any row you can modify the row data, select all the rows, invert the selection, or delete the selected row/s.	By right clicking any row you can modify the row data, select all the rows, invert the selection, or delete the selected row/s.
Also you can select all the row pressing Ctrl + A.	Also you can select all the rows by pressing Ctrl + A.
Firefox extension II	Firefox extension II
The first part of the entry is here:	The first part of the entry is here:
The original post (in Spanish):	The original post (in Spanish):
This entry will be a bit long, just read and correct until you want ;D	This entry will be a bit long, just read and correct until you want ;D
Getting started	Getting started
Once EmotiConverter was installed in our Firefox, we must load with the emoticons that we need.	Once EmotiConverter has been installed into our Firefox, we must load the emoticons that we need. The use of "that" is optional, I think.
To do this, we can proceed in two diferent ways:	To do this, we can proceed in two different ways:
One is look our emoticon in our navigator, which if we right click the emoticon, in the drop down menu will appear a "Add emoticon to EC" button.	One is to load our emoticon into our navigator, which is possible if we click right on the emoticon, so that in the drop down menu will appear an "Add emoticon to EC" button.
If we click it, a window appears, in that we can enter the emoticon shortcut.	If we click on it, a window appears, in which we can enter the emoticon shortcut.
By default will appear the image name without extension, but we can enter that we want.	By default will appear the image name without extension, but we can enter what we want.
[image-1]	[image-1]
Below the shortcut is the emoticon url.	Below the shortcut is the emoticon url.
You can modify it, so the preview will be updated, although generally is not necessary.	You can modify it, so that the preview will be updated, although generally this is not necessary.
When you press "Ok" the emoticon will be added to our list, which is now ready for use.	When you press "Ok" the emoticon will be added to our list, which is now ready for use.
For anyone that is not interested in the emoticon shortcut, or want to add the emoticon quickly, you can disable the "Add shortcut when adds emoticon" option, in the option window, which doesn't ask for the emoticon shortcut, but will be automatically added with the image name, or a variant thereof.	For anyone that is not interested in the emoticon shortcut, or want to add the emoticon quickly, you can disable the "Add shortcut when adds emoticon" option, in the option window, which doesn't ask for the emoticon shortcut, but will be automatically added with the image name, or its variant .
The other way to add an emoticon is went to Tools -> EmotiConverter and press "Options", which will appear a window like this:	The other way to add an emoticon is to go to Tools -> EmotiConverter and press "Options", after which will appear a window like this one:
[image-2]	[image-2]
Where it says "Insert shortcut" we need to enter the emoticon shortcut, and where it says "Insert image's URL" we need to enter the image's (emoticon) url.	Where it says "Insert shortcut" we need to enter the emoticon shortcut, and where it says "Insert image's URL" we need to enter the image's (emoticon's) url.
Simplest impossible xP	Simplest impossible xP
Once entered both, we must press the "Add" button for that the emoticon be added to our list.	Once entered both, we must press the "Add" button so that the emoticon will be added to our list.
For that the changes take effect, we need to press the "Apply" or "Accept" button.	In order to let the changes come into force, we need to press the "Apply" or "Accept" button.
If the image has an error, or the URL is incorrect, will appear an image like the one below indicating that an error occurred:	If the image has an error, or the URL is incorrect, there will appear an image like the one below indicating that an error has occurred:
[image-3]	[image-3]
If you add an emoticon with the same shortcut that another, or the shortcut of one contains another (for example: "surprise" and "prise", "surprise" contain "prise"), EmotiConverter will alert us about this, and will require a shortcut change.	If you add an emoticon with the same shortcut as another one, or if one emoticon's shortcut contains another shortcut (for example: "surprise" and "prise", "surprise" contains "prise"), EmotiConverter will alert us about this, and will require the change of a shortcut.
This is to avoid problems at time to add an emoticon to a post.	This is in order to avoid problems when adding an emoticon to a post.
complications, because is possible that the user wanted to display the emoticon that correspond to "hello" with a "2" on one side, and might have to display the emoticon "hello2".	Complications can occur, because it is possible that the user wanted to display the emoticon corresponding to "hello" with a "2" on one side, and might have to display the emoticon "hello2".
Firefox extension IV	Firefox extension IV
The original post (in Spanish):	The original post (in Spanish):
3.	3.
Functions - Part 2	Functions - Part 2
Selecting a row you obtain a preview of that row emoticon.	If you select a row, you will obtain a preview of the corresponding emoticon.
If the emoticon is too big, the preview will resize the image maintaining the aspect ratio.	If the emoticon is too big, the preview will resize the image maintaining his appearance.
To see the real size emoticon, you only need to click on the preview, which will appear a window with the real size emoticon.	To see the emoticon in real size, you only need to click on the preview, after which will appear a window with the emoticon in it's real size.
[image-1]	[image-1]
If the emoticon is too weight.	If the emoticon is too long,
will appear two arrows with which you can move along the emoticon.	there will appear two arrows with which you can move along the emoticon.
Momentum	Momentum
"Do you know the story of the monkeys of the shitty island?...	"Do you know the story of the monkeys of the shitty island?...
Somewhere, far, far away, there is a shitty island.	Somewhere, far, far away, there is a shitty island.
An island without a name.	An island without a name.
An island not worth giving a name.	An island not worth giving a name.
A shitty island with a shitty shape.	A shitty island with a shitty shape.
On this shitty island grow palm trees that also have shitty shapes.	On this shitty island grow palm trees that also have shitty shapes.
And the palm trees produce coconuts that give off a shitty smell.	And the palm trees produce coconuts that give off a shitty smell.
Shitty monkeys live in the trees.	Shitty monkeys live in the trees.
And they love to eat these shitty-smelling coconuts, after which they shit the world´s foulest shit.	And they love to eat these shitty-smelling coconuts, after which they shit the world´s foulest shit.
The shit falls on the ground and builds up shitty mounds, making the shitty palm trees that grow on them even shittier.	The shit falls on the ground and builds up shitty mounds, making the shitty palm trees that grow on them even shittier.
It´s and endless cycle...	It´s and endless cycle...
What I am trying to say is this.	What I am trying to say is this.
A certain kind of shittiness, a certain kind of stagnation, a certain kind of darkness goes on propaging itself by its own power in its own self-containd cycle	A certain kind of shittiness, a certain kind of stagnation, a certain kind of darkness goes on propaging itself by its own power in its own self-containd cycle.
And once it passes a certain point, no one can stop it - even if the person himself wants to stop it." Haruki Murakami	And once it passes a certain point, no one can stop it - even if the person himself wants to stop it." Haruki Murakami
I think it accurately describes the cycle of violence.	I think it accurately describes the cycle of violence.
Once you are sucked into it you might not be able to stop it.	Once you are sucked into it you might not be able to stop it.
So we´d better be careful not to stumble and fall into it.	So we´d better be careful not to stumble and fall into it.
Violence has continued to exist throughout human history and it has even been enhanced by science.	Violence has continued to exist throughout human history and it has even been enhanced by science.
We can sense its presence everywhere, as we commute, watch TV and talk to an acquaintance.	We can sense its presence everywhere, as we commute, watch TV and talk to an acquaintance.
It is definitely part of human nature.	It is definitely part of human nature.
However, being aware of this fact, we might be able to struggle against our impelling nature so that we do not turn this planet into a battlefield.	However, being aware of this fact, we might be able to struggle against our impelling nature so that we do not turn this planet into a battlefield.
The signs are everywhere, we just have to take notice.	The signs are everywhere, we just have to take notice.
I myself wish I had read this piece of writing before ruining a nice friendship	I myself wish I had read this piece of writing before ruining a nice friendship.
But, the path to wisdom can´t be smooth, I guess.	But, the path to wisdom can´t be smooth, I guess.
Otherwise we wouldn´t fairly appreciate the value of such knowledge.	Otherwise we wouldn´t fairly appreciate the value of such knowledge.
profile	profile
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
I am a 28-year old upper basic japanese student who is seeking to improve his language skills.	I am a 28-year old upper basic japanese student who is seeking to improve his language skills.
Someday I´d like to put myself to the test to find out whether my efforts were really worth it and travel to japan, I´d also like to make friends with some japanese guys who happen to have similar interests such as swimming, snorkeling and nature.	Someday I´d like to put myself to the test to find out whether my efforts were really worth it and travel to japan, I´d also like to make friends with some Japanese guys who happen to have similar interests such as swimming, snorkeling and nature.
I am already looking forward to getting to know many nice people.	I am already looking forward to getting to know many nice people.
Do not hesitate to drop me a line!	Do not hesitate to drop me a line!
Until then enjoy yourself.	Until then enjoy yourself.
日本と日本語	日本と日本語
日本語の勉強は始める前に日本語のことを何も知りませんでした。	日本語の勉強を始める前に、日本語のことを何も知りませんでした。
子どもの時、テレビで漢字が時々見ていましたが、ひらがなとカタカナがあることを知りませんでした。	子どもの時、テレビで漢字が時々見ていましたが、ひらがなとカタカナがあることを知りませんでした。
私は漢字を始めて見た時、漢字がきれいだと思いました。	私は漢字を初めて見た時、漢字がきれいだと思いました。
後で大学に入学して日本の読書を読んで日本人は資性英明な人々だと思いました。	後で大学に入学して日本の読書を読んで日本人は資性英明な人々だと思いました。
インタネットで沖縄の写真を探してその写真を見た時、スノケーリングができるし、食べ物が美味しいし、その所へ行きたいと思いました。	インタネットで沖縄の写真を探してその写真を見た時、スノケーリングができるし、食べ物が美味しいし、その所へ行きたいと思いました。
日本へ旅行する前に、外国語が好きだし、便利だし、日本語の勉強を始めなければならないと思いました。	日本へ旅行する前に、外国語が好きだし、便利だし、日本語の勉強を始めなければならないと思いました。
貯金してから、行きます。	貯金してから、行きます。
nasty neighbour	nasty neighbour
Insanity is everywhere!	Insanity is everywhere!
My junkie junky neighbour has taken to urinating outside my door.	My junkie junky neighbour has taken to urinating outside my door.
It seems that giving beatings to his wife does not suffice anymore.	It seems that giving beatings to his wife does not suffice anymore.
I wonder What his snobby mother thinks of such behaviour.	I wonder What his snobby mother thinks of such behaviour.
Do you think she would say 'hey!	Do you think she would say 'hey!
How tender!	How tender!
Look at my crack addicted, coward, women beating son!	Look at my crack addicted, coward, women beating son!
He has found another way to show how disturbed he has become because of his father´s cheating on me with his secretary, and our failing to show him any affection'?	He has found another way to show how disturbed he has become because of his father´s cheating on me with his secretary, and our failing to show him any affection'?
Well I guess that's what daily life is supposed to be on the skidrow, or, better yet, that's what 'royal' eccentricity is like.	Well I guess that's what daily life is supposed to be on the skidrow, or, better yet, that's what 'royal' eccentricity is like.
I guess my nextdoor neighbour is just peculiar.	I guess my nextdoor neighbour is just peculiar.
Or maybe crack has just already distroyed his brain.	Or maybe crack has just already distroyed his brain.
No way of figuring it out.	No way of figuring it out.
How harsh it is a midleclass mummy's child's daily drama of life!	How harsh it is a midleclass mummy's child's daily drama of life!
How much life owes you!	How much life owes you!
But life will make up for such injustice by letting you have as much crack as your parents' money can afford, regardless whether they, at last, have to sell their last and most precious possession.	But life will make up for such injustice by letting you have as much crack as your parents' money can afford, regardless whether they, at last, have to sell their last and most precious possession.
Who would have ever thought that pampering might turn an innocent child into such an addicted violent 37 year-old baby.	Who would have ever thought that pampering might turn an innocent child into such an addicted violent 37 year-old baby.
But there is nothing to worry about as long as you walk among people priding yourself on having done such a good work bringing up such a gracious child.	But there is nothing to worry about as long as you walk among people priding yourself on having done such a good work bringing up such a gracious child.
Whatever the case is it, the wierdo mind is a puzzle which not even his mother is willing to solve.	Whatever the case is it, the wierdo mind is a puzzle which not even his mother is willing to solve.
Anyway, no matter how wicked you are, sun rises again every day.	Anyway, no matter how wicked you are, sun rises again every day.
I would even dare to say that women might find this behavior appealing since he managed to get himself a wife.	I would even dare to say that women might find this behavior appealing since he managed to get himself a wife.
She also doesn't seem to mind his beating her.	She also doesn't seem to mind his beating her.
Not to mention that she gave birth to a child of him.	Not to mention that she gave birth to a child of him.
I know!	I know!
if you put it into perspective, it sounds like a recipe for love.	if you put it into perspective, it sounds like a recipe for love.
Nothing like sheer violence and nonsense to turn somebody on.	Nothing like sheer violence and nonsense to turn somebody on.
Well see you around with more stories from the ghetto.	Well see you around with more stories from the ghetto.
Reality is always much more shocking than fiction!	Reality is always much more shocking than fiction!
You see?	You see?
Hey!	Hey!
wait a second!	wait a second!
I guess I'm being unjust.	I guess I'm being unjust.
I must grant him that he has the courage to get up every single day.	I must grant him that he has the courage to get up every single day.
How strong is the call of life in this God's creature.	How strong is the call of life in this God's creature.
Letter	Letter
Please advice you will find our new location address oft our office.	Please advice you will find our new location address oft our office.
Our address of P.	Our address of P.
O.	O.
Box still is the same.	Box still is the same.
Best regards.	Best regards.
Nice	Nice
きょうはにせんはちねんはちげつにじゅうはちにちです。	きょうはにせんはちねんはちげつにじゅうはちにちです。
こんばんは	こんばんは
わたしのしごとはシステムエンジニアです。	わたしのしごとはシステムエンジニアです。
私はかいしゃいんです。	私はかいしゃいんです。
にほんへいきたいですよ。	にほんへいきたいです。
でも こうくうけんはとてもたかいですよ。	でも こうくうけんがとてもたかいです。
そして、にほんごをべんきょうながらおかねをためます。	だから、にほんごをべんきょうしながらおかねをためます。
ありがとうございます	ありがとうございました
Response to a writer friend	Response to a writer friend
I like it.	I like it.
Most of your stories are loaded with realism; it provides a quick catharsis-connection with the reader.	Most of your stories are loaded with realism; it provides a quick cathartic connection with the reader.
In stories like this, the reader knows the end.	In stories like this, the reader knows the end.
So, your efforts should concentrate on developing the climax; in dissecting which is before the end; in describing cautiously the events that are expected.	So, your efforts should concentrate on developing the climax; in dissecting that which is before the end; in describing cautiously the events that are expected.
You're doing it very well!	You're doing it very well!
What is interesting about a realist story must be on the course and not in the end.	What is interesting about a realist story must be the journey and not the destination.
If you want it, I propose a contamination of the genre: introducing elements of the dream and the past that interlock with the proximity of death.	If you want , I propose a contamination of the genre: introducing elements of the dream and the past that interlock with the proximity of death.
Go ahead!	Go ahead!
Letter to my British friend	Letter to my British friend
LOL- The music describes the director.	LOL- The music describes the director.
Only someone (with a sense of humour) like you would be able to use music that would evoke the parade of armed forces on National Day as a background of a video trip.	Only someone (with a sense of humour) like you would be able to use music that would evoke the parade of armed forces on National Day as a background of a video trip.
It is original and gives a funny touch to your court-métrage.	It is original and gives a funny touch to your court-métrage.
“City of big shoulders…” This is the same New York that Woody Allen showed me!	“City of big shoulders…” This is the same New York that Woody Allen showed me!
I love your video, John.	I love your video, John.
It’s beautiful and very well filmed - considering that you made shots from inside a car, walking down the street and bicycling.	It’s beautiful and very well filmed - considering that you made shots from inside a car, walking down the street and bicycling.
I love family rides and you have a lovely family.	I love family rides and you have a lovely family.
They give a nice impression strolling through the streets as tourists; beautiful people.	They give a nice impression strolling through the streets as tourists; beautiful people.
xxx	xxx
New York	New York
In reply to my friend's blog	In reply to my friend's blog
I was in a carpeted room playing "Guess Who?" with John McCain when a messenger on horseback brought me the news of your return.	I was in a carpeted room playing "Guess Who?" with John McCain when a messenger on horseback brought me the news of your return.
Overcome with emotion, I shed a single tear on a silver tray.	Overcome with emotion, I shed a single tear on a silver tray.
Throughout your absence, I've been immensely bored and I haven't had anything to do.	Throughout your absence, I've been immensely bored and I haven't had anything to do.
I once more began again my Sunday strolls with Mr.	I once more began again my Sunday strolls with Mr.
Utterson, painted some Faberge eggs; cut labels for the canned sweets, and re-read my "Where's Wally?" books - although it lacked the same excitement the second time after I’d highlighted Wally with a fuchsia crayon…	Utterson, painted some Faberge eggs; cut labels for the canned sweets, and re-read my "Where's Wally?" books - although it lacked the same excitement the second time after I’d highlighted Wally with a fuchsia crayon…
Now that the litany of my days has been broken, my eyes light up knowing that you’ll restart the chores in the house.	Now that the litany of my days has been broken, my eyes light up knowing that you’ll restart the chores in the house.
Perhaps what is missing are sanded, painted walls, repaired damp patches and a replacement for the cracked glass in the central skylight - but this station in any way is a desolate wasteland!	Perhaps what is missing are sanded, painted walls, repaired damp patches and a replacement for the cracked glass in the central skylight - but this station in any way is a desolate wasteland!
Or perhaps you know of a more creative, original place than this in the world?	Or perhaps you know of a more creative, original place than this in the world?
There are those who declare there was a similar one in Persia, but they lie.	There are those who declare there was a similar one in Persia, but they lie.
I love this place; it is - was, and always will be - my favourite site on the net.	I love this place; it is - was, and always will be - my favourite site on the net.
Please continue to keep us updated with your work, and remember I will always love you and support you.	Please continue to keep us updated with your work, and remember I will always love you and support you.
Although to do that, I'd have to dodge the bullets of my detractors.	Although to do that, I'd have to dodge the bullets of my detractors.
The train scene was difficult; I know MacGyver would have done it better.	The train scene was difficult; I know MacGyver would have done it better.
Peace to everyone.	Peace to everyone.
Ex(t)reme	Ex(t)reme
Hahahah!!!	Hahahah!!!
But wait… Oh, no, no, no.	But wait… Oh, no, no, no.
It's not a fail, John!	It's not a fail, John!
This guy was the bassist of the legendary band '(T)he Remes’.	This guy was the bassist of the legendary band '(T)he Remes’.
Before he was a Reme and now he is an Ex Reme.	Before he was a Reme and now he is an Ex Reme.
They published several records, but didn't have much http://failblog.org/2009/08/05/success-fail-2/:	They published several records, but didn't have much http://failblog.org/2009/08/05/success-fail-2/:
Sraosphere (1988); Resrain Of Rade (1991); Achycardia (1995); Unpaseuirised Milk (1998) 	Sraosphere (1988); Resrain Of Rade (1991); Achycardia (1995); Unpaseuirised Milk (1998) 
Does anybody know another?	Does anybody know another?
MY HERO	MY HERO
His name is  marcial, he is my best friend, he is 23 years old and he lives in the neighborhood.	His name is  marcial, he is my best friend, he is 23 years old and he lives in the neighborhood.
I admire him because he lives alone since 18 years old, he studies at unam college and in the afternoons he works as a waiter in a famous restaurant near of polanco, some weekends we go to skate on ice, he is a good skater, he is a kind person with all neighbors and I like go out with him because he is very funny, he tries to be ok all time, he gives good advices, but mainly, he is my best friend	I admire him because he lives alone since 18 years old, he studies at unam college and in the afternoons he works as a waiter in a famous restaurant near of polanco, some weekends we go to skate on ice, he is a good skater, he is a kind person with all neighbors and I like go out with him because he is very funny, he tries to be ok all time, he gives good advices, but mainly, he is my best friend
about my job	about my job
One thing I like very much about my job is the fact that by working there Im able to help people to recover their heath .	One thing I like very much about my job is the fact that by working there I'm able to help people to recover their heath .
One thing I like very much about my job is the fact that by working there Im able to help people to recover their heath .	One thing I like very much about my job is the fact that, by working there, I am able to help people recover their health .
It gives me a feeling of satisfaction that I cannot describe .	It gives me a feeling of satisfaction that I cannot describe .
Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries ,Im able to improve my skills and develop my carrer.	Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries ,I'm able to improve my skills and develop my career.
Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries ,Im able to improve my skills and develop my carrer.	Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries, I am able to improve my skills and develop my career.
Do u know how to help to a workcoholic person?	Do you know how to help a workaholic ?
I think my mum is workcoholic because she work most of the time in a market,she generally get up very early and stay at the market from 7am to 4pm ,then there are always something else to do such as shoping more goods,fixing some electrics  so she go to different places to get fixed everything.	I think my mom is a workaholic because she works most of the time in a market. She generally gets up very early and stays at the market from 7am to 4pm. There is always something else to do such as shopping and fixing electronics. She goes to different places to get everything fixed.
I dont know what to do to help her.	I don´t know what to do to help her.
Ive talked with her about she staying and resting more time at home and I always help her with money so she doesnt feel the necessity of working in order to get money, however my tactics have not worked ..	I´ve talked with her about resting more at home. I always help her with money so she doesn't have to feel that she needs to work in order to earn money, however, my tactics have not worked.
Im feeling blue and unconfortable about my mum actitud, but I dont know exactly what to do...	I'm feeling blue and uncomfortable about my mom´s attitude, but I don't know exactly what to do.
do u think she is workcoholic?	Do u think she is workaholic?
whan could I do to help her?..	What could I do to help her?
I love her and just want to help herxxx	I love her and just want to help her.
Globalization	Globalization
Globalization is a phenomenon of the thenty first century .	Globalization is a phenomenon of the twenty-first century .
It means that we ,as individual,societty and nation, are not isolated any longer because the world is integrated due to the advances of technology and communication .	It means that we, as individuals, society and nation, are not isolated any longer because the world is integrated due to the advances of technology and communication .
Nobody can deny the possitive effects of globalization however ,it has its dark side  which should be consider seriously.	Nobody can deny the positive effects of globalization however, it has its dark side  which should be considered seriously.
For one side ,globalization made it possible for companies of developed countries to invest in developing countries ,this fact generate more jobs for people and more taxes for goverments which is possitive for the economy of our nation, besides , skilled professionals have the opportunity to travel overseas and work in developed countries which is an opportunity to increase their professional level and know another culture.	On one side, globalization made it possible for companies of developed countries to invest in developing countries, this fact generates more jobs for people and more taxes for governments which is positive for the economy of our nation, besides, skilled professionals have the opportunity to travel overseas and work in developed countries which is an opportunity to increase their professional level and know another culture.
On the other side, transnational business companies operating in developing countries become in a threat for the national business companies , for example, many national companies that  manufacture clothes are collapsing because they can not fight the unfair competition of the cheapest chinese goods wich is a critical situation for the economy of the nation, besides, it is said that people who work for international companies are exploited , they are paid very low salaries and dont have benefits as traditionals workers.	On the other side, transnational business companies operating in developing countries become a threat for the national business companies. For example, many national companies that manufacture clothes are collapsing because they can not fight the unfair competition of the cheaper Chinese goods which is a critical situation for the economy of the nation. Besides, it is said that people who work for international companies are exploited. They are paid very low salaries and don't have benefits that traditional workers have.
To sum up .	To sum up .
Globalization is an inevitable phenomenon that have numerous effects on the economy of the nations and many of the effects depend on our steps and accions as individuals ,society and nation.	Globalization is an inevitable phenomenon that has numerous effects on the economy of the nations and many of the effects depend on our steps and actions as individuals, society and nation.
SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH	SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH
Scientific researches  are necessary to improve the quality of people's life, but  reserch need to be funded .	Scientific researches  are necessary in order to improve the quality of people's life but  research needs to be funded .
Some people suggest that Government should carried out the investigations while others think the opposite.	Some people suggest that Government should carry out the investigations while others think the opposite.
I firmily believe that scientific studies shoul be funded by both the Government and private corporation according to the kind of research.	I firmily believe that scientific studies should be funded by both the Government and the private corporations according to the kind of research.
On one hand, Governments should be in charge of running basic researches such as  national defense and enviromental issue because these topics have national effect .	On one hand, Governments should be in charge of running basic researches such as  national defense and enviromental issue because these topics have national effect .
So, they required national attention.	So, they required national attention.
In fact, if Governments do not invest in the development of millitary intelligent strategies, for example, It will be very dangerous for the state, likewise, the environmental issue is of national interest therefore national institutions and universities should carry out studies to tackle this issue.	In fact, if Governments do not invest in the development of millitary intelligent strategies, for example, It will be very dangerous for the state, likewise, the environmental issue is of national interest therefore national institutions and universities should carry out studies to tackle this issue.
On the other hand,Private Institutions tend to devote to profit oriented researches .	On the other hand,Private Institutions tend to devote to profit oriented researches .
They continuously invest money to discover new products.	They continuously invest money so that they may discover new products.
A good example of this are  the drug companies that carried out investigations to find new cures for diseases that effect the most people.	A good example of this are  the drug companies that carried out investigations to find new cures for diseases that effect the most people.
These companies benefits individuals with the cure and make profit for themselves.	These companies benefits individuals with the cure and make profit for themselves.
To sum up, Scientific research should have research funding from Goverments and private institutions.	To sum up, Scientific research should have research funding from Goverments and private institutions.
They both have specific areas to investigate and their active involvement is the key to the development of the world.	They both have specific areas to investigate and their active involvement is the key to the development of the world.
MY FAVORITE PARK	MY FAVORITE PARK
I would like to talk about a park that I have recently visited .	I would like to talk about a park that I have recently visited .
It is Lima park and its located in the center of the city .	It is Lima park and its located in the center of the city .
Actually ,it is the most popular park in the capital because it is the biggest one and many people go there.	Actually ,it is the most popular park in the capital because it is the biggest one and many people go there.
I went there last sunday because it was my best friend 's birthday and I wanted to surprised her with a picnic.	I went there last sunday because it was my best friend 's birthday and I wanted to surprised her with a picnic.
This park was perfect for  it because it is only 10 minutes walking from we live and there are vast of green areas there.	This park was perfect for it because it is only a 10 minute walk from were we live, and there are vast green areas there.
Mi friend was very happy not only because I took there her favorite sandwiches  ,deserts and drinks ,but also because it was sunny and the environment was great.	My friend was very happy, not only because I took there her favorite sandwiches, deserts, and drinks, but also because it was sunny and the environment was great.
What I like the most about this park is that there is a variety of trees and flowers which adorne the landscape and perfume the environment.	What I like the most about this park is that there is a variety of trees and flowers which adorne the landscape and perfume the environment.
Besides, there are many wild birds and pigeons which singing cheer up children as well as adults.	Besides, there are many wild birds and pigeons which singing cheer up children as well as adults.
Every time I visit the park I feel fresh and more energetic .	Every time I visit the park I feel fresh and more energetic .
Maybe this is why I wanted to talk about it.	Maybe this is why I wanted to talk about it.
Practicing writing skills	Practicing writing skills
Hi!	Hi!
I'd like to improve my written English skills.	I'd like to improve my English writing skills.
For that, i suppose i can write regularly and someone can help to correct.	For that, I suppose that I can write regularly and someone can help to correct.
Nice to meet you 	Nice to meet you 
Journal 1	Journal 1
I want to start the Advanced Program in Gas Engineering and Management in the next academic term starts in September Q 2010.	I want to start the Advanced Program in Gas Engineering and Management in the next academic term that starts in September Q 2010.
In my country one of the sectors is booming but is the transportation, storage, distribution and use of gaseous fuels, for this reason that I would master: Building a strong background as a chemical engineer in this area, as well as form of the technological development by applying my industry knowledge to efficiently and successfully, taking leadership positions in major sectors of engineering.	In my country one of the sectors that is booming is the transportation, storage, distribution, and use of gaseous fuels. For these reasons I would master them: To build a strong background as a chemical engineer in this area, as well as forming the technological development by applying my industry knowledge efficiently and successfully, and taking leadership positions in major sectors of engineering.
Currently I'm opting for a scholarship which includes: a monthly basic allowance for student expenses during their stay in France.	Currently I'm opting for a scholarship which includes a monthly basic allowance for student expenses during my stay in France.
The French Embassy in Venezuela offers language training for students in need and also offers payment of the registration of the Institute of French education and healthcare.	The French Embassy in Venezuela offers language training for students in need and also offers payment of the registration of the Institute of French education and healthcare.
I would appreciate the efforts that have to perform well for the rapid dispatch of the requirements and request forms.	I would appreciate the efforts that have to perform well for the rapid dispatch of the requirements and request forms.
Without further refer to my summary attached for your review curricular and end up waiting for their prompt response.	Without further ado, my summary is attached for your review and I can't wait to hear your response.
En español seria: 	En español seria: 
Deseo iniciar el Programa Avanzado de Ingeniería y Gestión de Gas, en el próximo período académico q comienza en septiembre del año 2010.	Deseo iniciar el Programa Avanzado de Ingeniería y Gestión de Gas, en el próximo período académico q comienza en septiembre del año 2010.
En mi país uno de los sectores que mas se encuentra en auge es el del trasporte, almacenamiento, distribución y utilización de combustibles gaseosos, por tal motivo este master me permitiría: Consolidar una sólida formación como ingeniero químico en esta área, así como también formar parte del desarrollo tecnológico aplicando mis conocimientos a la industria de una manera eficaz y exitosa, tomando posiciones de liderazgo en los sectores mas importantes de la ingeniería.	En mi país uno de los sectores que mas se encuentra en auge es el del transporte, almacenamiento, distribución y utilización de combustibles gaseosos, por tal motivo este master me permitiría: Consolidar una sólida formación como ingeniero químico en esta área, así como también formar parte del desarrollo tecnológico aplicando mis conocimientos a la industria de una manera eficaz y exitosa, tomando posiciones de liderazgo en los sectores mas importantes de la ingeniería.
Actualmente me encuentro optando por una beca la cual incluye: una asignación básica mensual para los gastos del estudiante durante su permanencia en Francia.	Actualmente me encuentro optando por una beca la cual incluye: una asignación básica mensual para los gastos del estudiante durante su permanencia en Francia.
La embajada de Francia en Venezuela ofrece la formación lingüística del estudiante que lo necesite así como también ofrece el pago de la inscripción del instituto de educación francés y el seguro medico.	La embajada de Francia en Venezuela ofrece la formación lingüística del estudiante que lo necesite así como también ofrece el pago de la inscripción del instituto de educación francés y el seguro medico.
Mucho agradeceré las gestiones que tengan a bien realizar para el rápido envío de los requisitos y formas que solicito.	Mucho agradeceré las gestiones que tengan a bien realizar para el rápido envío de los requisitos y formas que solicito.
Sin más a que hacer referencia les adjunto mi resumen curricular para su revisión y fines y esperando su pronta respuesta.	Sin más a que hacer referencia les adjunto mi resumen curricular para su revisión y fines y esperando su pronta respuesta.
My introduction	My introduction
My name is Patricia M.	My name is Patricia M.
Vera S., I am 26 years old, Venezuelan citizen and I obtained my degree from the Universidad Central de Venezuela in 2007 as a Chemical Engineer.	Vera S., I am 26 years old, Venezuelan citizen and I obtained my degree from the Universidad Central de Venezuela in 2007 as a Chemical Engineer.
I speak and write English and I am currently studying French.	I speak and write English and I am currently studying French.
My last vacation	My last vacation
It was in June of 22th in the last year.	It was in June of 22th in the last year.
I went to Margarita island.	I went to Margarita island.
It was so excited because It was my first time that I meet that island.	It was so exciting because it was my first time flying to that island.
I went with some friends and that not cost so much because one friend of mine gave me his ticket and so I flyed for free.	I went with some friends and that did not cost so much because one friend of mine gave me his ticket and so I flied for free.
I went to the beach and some clubs.	I went to the beach and some clubs.
I liked margarita but I prefer Valencia because It has a lots of beaches around and the cayos near from here, all of that without cost of fly or other staffs.	I liked margarita but I prefer Valencia because it has a lot of beaches around and the cayos near there, all of that without the cost of fly or other staffs.
Lesson 4	Lesson 4
My cousins write that they wish to go to our uncle's house this summer.	My cousins write that they wish to go to our uncle's house this summer.
This house is in the country not so far from a beautiful city.	This house is in the country not so far from a beautiful city.
Our uncle has big farm.	Our uncle has big farm.
Around to the house there are a lot of fruit trees and three or four fountain with a lot of little fishes of different colors.	Around to the house there are a lot of fruit trees and three or four fountain with a lot of little fishes of different colors.
Under that trees the boys do a lot of work everyday.	Under that trees the boys do a lot of work everyday.
They ride by horse in a farm, they go to the city at night, they read the news to their aunt, and they talk with the peasants.	They ride by horse in a farm, they go to the city at night, they read the news to their aunt, and they talk with the peasants.
Do you not think the life in the country is very nice?	Do you not think the life in the country is very nice?
Cuando usar comme?	Cuando usar comme?
Cuando usar comme al final de una pregunta?...	Cuando usar comme al final de una pregunta?...
Por ejemplo:	Por ejemplo:
Où vas-tu comme ca?	Où vas-tu comme ca?
No le veo sentido...:-(.	No le veo sentido...:-(.
Por que no usar simplemente en la pregunta: 	Por que no usar simplemente en la pregunta: 
Où vas tu?	Où vas tu?
letter of motivation	letter of motivation
Dear Sir or Madam,	Dear Sir or Madam,
My name is Patricia M.	My name is Patricia M.
Vera S., I am 26 years old, Venezuelan citizen and I obtained my degree from the Universidad Central de Venezuela in 2007 as a Chemical Engineer.	Vera S., I am 26 years old, Venezuelan citizen and I obtained my degree from the Universidad Central de Venezuela in 2007 as a Chemical Engineer.
I speak and write English and I am currently studying French.	I speak and write English and I am currently studying French.
Through your Web site and other specialized publications, I was been able to obtain valuable information about the Specialized Master in Gas Engineering and Management you offer in your vast portfolio of graduate courses and masters’ degrees.	Through your Web site and other specialized publications, I was been able to obtain valuable information about the Specialized Master in Gas Engineering and Management you offer in your vast portfolio of graduate courses and masters’ degrees.
I'm really interested for the mentioned program, because I want to extend my academic credentials in the area of gas, area in which I did various projects during my studies in chemical engineering.	I'm really interested for the mentioned program, because I want to extend my academic credentials in the area of gas, area in which I did various projects during my studies in chemical engineering.
I would like to start The Master’s Degree in Gas Engineering and Management the next academic period that starts in September-2010.	I would like to start The Master’s Degree in Gas Engineering and Management the next academic period that starts in September-2010.
Worldwide one of the sectors that is booming is the transportation, storage, distribution and use of gaseous fuels.	Worldwide one of the sectors that is booming is the transportation, storage, distribution and use of gaseous fuels.
For that reasons I think this would give me a strong background as a chemical engineer in this area, as well as forming the technological development by applying in the industry knowledge efficiently and successfully, and taking leadership positions in major sectors of engineering.	For that reasons I think this would give me a strong background as a chemical engineer in this area, as well as forming the technological development by applying in the industry knowledge efficiently and successfully, and taking leadership positions in major sectors of engineering.
What makes this special to me are the 2-stage Master which includes the acquisition of skills learned through courses taught by gas industry experts and situation scenarios and the second one is putting those skills into practice and developing them through a 4-month internship abroad.	What makes this special to me are the 2-stage Master which includes the acquisition of skills learned through courses taught by gas industry experts and situation scenarios and the second one is putting those skills into practice and developing them through a 4-month internship abroad.
In the other hand, the offer of GDF SUEZ for recruiting a young engineers and offer to finance €14,000, including their Master’s Degree year and the payment an allowance for their internship period in one of the Group’s foreign subsidiaries, to defray educational costs and at the end of the program, the young graduates join GDF SUEZ for a minimum of 4 years, starting in a technical management or team management job within the Research and Innovation Department, or a subsidiary of the Infrastructures Division.	In the other hand, the offer of GDF SUEZ for recruiting a young engineers and offer to finance €14,000, including their Master’s Degree year and the payment an allowance for their internship period in one of the Group’s foreign subsidiaries, to defray educational costs and at the end of the program, the young graduates join GDF SUEZ for a minimum of 4 years, starting in a technical management or team management job within the Research and Innovation Department, or a subsidiary of the Infrastructures Division.
I believe that I have the right profile to be accepted by the GDF SUEZ and initiate studies with them in September of this year, I am willing to travel wherever you need at anytime.	I believe that I have the right profile to be accepted by the GDF SUEZ and initiate studies with them in September of this year, I am willing to travel wherever you need at anytime.
I enclose herewith my resume and I remain at your disposal to provide more information, thanking the attention given to this letter, Yours sincerely	I enclose herewith my resume and I remain at your disposal to provide more information, thanking the attention given to this letter, Yours sincerely
my first message	my first message
hi!	hi!
everybody My name is Marilu Im from mexico, I have 15 years old but in may 30th will have 16.	Everybody, My name is Marilu, I'm from Mexico, I am 15 years old, but on may 30th will be 16.
everybody My name is Marilu Im from mexico, I have 15 years old but in may 30th will have 16.	My name is Marilu. I'm from Mexico. I am 15 years old, but on May 30th I will turn 16.
i'm in the nocturne high school, my school is very bigger that the others, i love study in the night, because in the mornings i do my homework and i would like work but my mother dont think the same.	I'm in the nocturne high school, and my school is larger that others. I love to study at night, because in the mornings i do my homework and i would like work but my mother doesn't think the same.
i'm in the nocturne high school, my school is very bigger that the others, i love study in the night, because in the mornings i do my homework and i would like work but my mother dont think the same.	I study at a night high school, and my school is much bigger than the others. I love studying at night, because in the mornings I do my homework and I would like to get a job, but my mother doesn't feel the same way.
so my free time i play videogames or use the computer to watch anime and videos of music.	so in my free time i play video games or use the computer to watch anime and music videos.
so my free time i play videogames or use the computer to watch anime and videos of music.	So in my free time I play videogames or use the computer to watch anime and music videos.
I love all the music.	I love all music.
I would be your friend..	I will be your friend..
I would be your friend..	I'll be your friend...
thanks for learn me..	thanks for learning with me..
thanks for learn me..	Thanks for learning with me...
bye	Bye!
Biography	Biography
Flight 19	Flight 19
.."from Bermuda's Triangle"..	.."from Bermuda's Triangle"..
is from all techno thru progressive and the basic rhythms of house.	is from all techno thru progressive and the basic rhythms of house.
Being part in most underground parties within Mexico..	Being part in most underground parties within Mexico..
have played sessions at crossfader.	have played sessions at crossfader.
net and earwax.	net and earwax.
fm in what was known as Guilibeu at (Mexico) also as resident in radios online infusionfm.	fm in what was known as Guilibeu at (Mexico) also as resident in radios online infusionfm.
com and crispradio.	com and crispradio.
com (UK); participated in Beat 100.9 fm events, DJ Concept Magazine, G Martell College of Music and Audio and in the Expo Sound:Check 2011 at Mexico City's World Trade Center.	com (UK); participated in Beat 100.9 fm events, DJ Concept Magazine, G Martell College of Music and Audio and in the Expo Sound:Check 2011 at Mexico City's World Trade Center.
Now studying a certificate at berkleemusic.	Now studying a certificate at berkleemusic.
com	com
You can catch me in my show every Saturday at www.	You can catch me in my show every Saturday at www.
crispradio.	crispradio.
com radio online based in Nottingham, UK	com radio online based in Nottingham, UK
--03:00 a.	--03:00 a.
m &amp; 03:00 p.	m &amp; 03:00 p.
m UK	m UK
--09:00 a.	--09:00 a.
m &amp; 09:00 p.	m &amp; 09:00 p.
m Mexico	m Mexico
Meaning of "grimmyness"	Meaning of "grimmyness"
Refering to a tune of hip-hop-like.	Refering to a tune of hip-hop-like.
"You can certainly tell this was early hip hop production, you can actually here pops and such imperfections that add to the grimmyness I wish there was a way to recreate the oldschool feel in my final project"	"You can certainly tell this was early hip hop production, you can actually here pops and such imperfections that add to the grimmyness I wish there was a way to recreate the oldschool feel in my final project"
homework	homework
This is a text that the teacher give to us, we need to answer it, but I´m not sure that I did it well.	This is a text that the teacher gave to us; we need to choose the right answers, but I´m not sure that I did it right.
Hi Andrew!	Hi Andrew!
Guess what?	Guess what?
I´ve got (have got) a new job!	I´ve got a new job!
Are you remembering (remember) that letter I wrote to the paper?	Do you remember that letter I wrote to the paper?
Well, the manager of a local computer company read it and offered me a job!	Well, the manager of a local computer company read it and offered me a job!
The company´s doing (do) very well at the moment and they really needed (need) people with experience.	The company´s doing very well at the moment and they really need people with experience.
I´m not working now-it´s my lunch break- so I´m writing (write) a few emails to my friends to tell them my news.	I´m not working now -- it´s my lunch break -- so I´m writing a few emails to my friends to tell them my news.
I´m a technical support engineer and I´m helping (help) customers with their computer problems.	I´m a technical support engineer and I help customers with their computer problems.
It´s only my first week, so I still learning (still learn) about all the products, but I really liked (like) it here.	It´s only my first week, so I'm still learning about all the products, but I really like it here.
I worked (work) quite long days, but I don´t work (not work) at the weekends.	I work quite long days, but I don´t work on weekends.
Anyway, I have to go- the phone´s ringing (ring).	Anyway, I have to go -- the phone´s ringing .
hi friends	Hi friends.
my name is Esther but my friends tell me tete or tt, is the first time i´m in lang-8 but i want to learn how to write english, tanks bye bye.	my name is Esther but my friends call me tete or tt, this is the first time when i´m in lang-8 but I want to learn how to write in english, thanks and bye bye.
my name is Esther but my friends tell me tete or tt, is the first time i´m in lang-8 but i want to learn how to write english, tanks bye bye.	My name is Esther, but my friends call me Tete or TT. This is my first time on Lang-8, but I want to learn how to write English. Thanks, bye bye.
conversation with W questrions	conversation with W questions
hello!	Hello!
who is that guy?	Who is that guy?
he is Marco, my friend	He is Marco, my friend.
Hey Marco!	Hey, Marco!
How long have you meet her?	How long have you known him?
I meet her since 2 years ago	I met her 2 years ago.
Esther, What are you doing this week?	Esther, What are you doing this week?
I will make a party today	I will have a party today
Where is the party?	Where is the party?
Marco, I tell you that it will be in my house	It will be in my house
How many people will go?	How many people will go?
I don´t know yet.	I don´t know yet.
ok, why you will do the party?	Ok, why are you having a party?
because is my birthday.	Because it's my birthday.
jobs	jobs
Industrial Designer	Industrial Designer
This race is the innovation in industial design, making them more attractive to others, are dedicated to creating furniture, packaging of products, technology, among other things.	This race is the innovation in industial design, making them more attractive to others, are dedicated to creating furniture, packaging of products, technology, among other things.
I´m Back...	I´m Back...
I´m back like Terminator hahaha ,in this site and write again a many entries to improve one skill that is my writing.	I´m back like the Terminator hahaha. I'll be writing many journal entries again so I can improve my English writing skills.
Greetings.	Greetings.
feelings	feelings
sometimes I felt very sad because i don't have anything to do.	Sometimes I feel very sad because I don't have anything to do. 
please i need improve my english.	Please,I need to improve my English.
My writing 	My writing 
Well, I am new on this web but I need so much practice more in my writing because when the teaches let me the homework in my subject  English a lot of times I don't write well and I have much mistakes.	Well, I am new on this web but I need so much practice more in my writing because when the teaches let me the homework in my subject  English a lot of times I don't write well and I have much mistakes.
But it does not matter a lot, because I think that with this web my writing will be good ( I think so or maybe, he).	But it does not matter a lot, because I think that with this web my writing will be good ( I think so or maybe, he).
Greetings.	Greetings.
I`m so tired	I`m so tired
I need to improve my skills about English but sometimes I think that is so dificult.	I need to improve my English skills but sometimes I think that is too dificult.
I think that is easier learn French that English because my mother tongue is Spanish and is similary to French.	I think that it is easier to learn French over English because my mother language is Spanish and is similar to French.
Sorry	Sorry
Sorry but I am a little bit drunk.	Sorry but I am a little bit drunk.
Today after of school my friends and me went to the pub and drank a few beers and alcohol.	Today after school my friends and I went to the pub and drank a few beers and alcohol.
I think that not was much but was funny.	I don't think that it was much but it was fun.
hello I´m from Mexico I´d like to practice English.	hello I´m from Mexico I´d like to practice English.
If someone wants to practice English WITH ME, please write me.	If someone wants to practice English WITH ME, please write me.
I just need to crrect a letter	I just need to correct a letter
Hello Christine, I went to the embassy yesterday and I spoke with the counselor, he ask me why do I wanted to visit USA and I said because I’m going to visit my uncle and a camp, then he ask me why was my appointment programmed as an emergency one, I told him because of the camp, and he said that It doesn’t matter that is just a camp, that I need the SEVIS, so I gave him what you emailed me about why this camp doesn’t apply for SEVIS, the counselor read it and he just said that I can’t apply for a tourist visa if I’m going to this camp.	Hello Christine, I went to the embassy yesterday and I spoke with the counselor. He asked me why I wanted to visit the USA and I said because I’m going to visit my uncle and a camp. Then he asked me why my appointment was programmed as an emergency one. I told him because of the camp, and he said that it doesn’t matter, it is just a camp, and that I need the SEVIS. So I gave him what you emailed me about why this camp doesn’t apply for SEVIS. The counselor read it and he just said that I can’t apply for a tourist visa if I’m going to this camp.
He told me that I just need to give him the filled SEVIS form and I will have the student visa.	He told me that I just need to give him the filled SEVIS form and I will have the student visa.
But I don’t know what to do because I’m not sure if I can apply for SEVIS.	But I don’t know what to do because I’m not sure if I can apply for SEVIS.
Poetry	Poetry 
Love hurts	Love hurts
When youaren't reciprocated	When your love isn't reciprocated
When all the things	When everything
Its to be ignored	remain forgotten.
Love hurts	Love hurts
To the wrong person	when you love the wrong person
That person always say	The one who always told you
That very loved you 	That they loved you greatly.
Love hurts	Love hurts
Without being loved	When you are not loved
But hurts more	But it hurts more
Be wrong	To be wrong
For that 	For that reason
And for many things more 	And for many others,
Love hurts	Love hurts
Juan Gabriel, a tricky translation	Juan Gabriel, a tricky translation
I read an article yesterday titled "Against the Idea of Mexico" which in one part argues that Mexico should learn from the example of the Mexican singer Juan Gabriel.	I read an article yesterday titled "Against the Idea of Mexico" which in one part argues that Mexico should learn from the example of the Mexican singer Juan Gabriel.
I will translate that part, but I must warn you.	I will translate that part, but I must warn you.
It is written in a very difficult style, so you will have to excuse me if I make too many mistakes.	It is written in a very difficult style, so you will have to excuse me if I make too many mistakes.
"(...) Mas no son sus canciones la postrera lección “Juan Gabriel” para renovar la idea “México”.	"(...) Mas no son sus canciones la postrera lección “Juan Gabriel” para renovar la idea “México”.
Es lo que el Divo representó durante décadas en la cultura popular mexicana: cursilería pero también talento y afortunados hallazgos; comercialismo barato, sí, también tenerlos bien plantados para ser no sólo un gay que sobrevive en una sociedad macha, sino el ídolo del país de reprimidos que rendía culto a José Alfredo, y no es poca cosa, ¡cómo va a serlo!	Es lo que el Divo representó durante décadas en la cultura popular mexicana: cursilería pero también talento y afortunados hallazgos; comercialismo barato, sí, también tenerlos bien plantados para ser no sólo un gay que sobrevive en una sociedad macha, sino el ídolo del país de reprimidos que rendía culto a José Alfredo, y no es poca cosa, ¡cómo va a serlo!
Piénsese: un personaje conspicuamente afeminado que se planta con todo su garbo, que se entrega en toda su persona, para hacer llorar por su mamá a rotos y catrines en una sociedad de machos, de enclosetados, de mujeres sumisas y matonas, de narcos y clasemedieros agringados.	Piénsese: un personaje conspicuamente afeminado que se planta con todo su garbo, que se entrega en toda su persona, para hacer llorar por su mamá a rotos y catrines en una sociedad de machos, de enclosetados, de mujeres sumisas y matonas, de narcos y clasemedieros agringados.
No es que lo que tenga que venir sea un Juan Gabriel de consumo internacional, sino una idea de México con los cojones de Juan Gabriel para presentarse tal cual es y ser no sólo tolerada sino admirada.	No es que lo que tenga que venir sea un Juan Gabriel de consumo internacional, sino una idea de México con los cojones de Juan Gabriel para presentarse tal cual es y ser no sólo tolerada sino admirada.
Esta enjundia, creo, es muy de los países de supervivientes, como México, que requiere de una imagen universal, sí, mexicana pero tanto da, les guste o no."	Esta enjundia, creo, es muy de los países de supervivientes, como México, que requiere de una imagen universal, sí, mexicana pero tanto da, les guste o no."
"(...) But his songs are not the ultimate "Juan Gabriel" lesson to renovate the idea of Mexico.	"(...) But his songs are not the ultimate "Juan Gabriel" lesson to renovate the idea of Mexico.
It is what Juan Gabriel meant during decades for the Mexican pop culture: affectation, but also talent and fortunate findings; cheap commercial interest, yes, but also having enough (balls) to be not only a surviving gay in a macho society, but also the idol of a country of repressed people that payed tribute to José Alfredo.	It is what Juan Gabriel meant to Mexican pop culture for decades: affectation, but also talent and serendipity; cheap commercial interest, yes, but also having the stones to not only make it as a gay in a macho society but to also be the idol of a country of repressed people that paid tribute to José Alfredo.
That is no small thing, ¡how could it be!	That is no small thing: How could it be?!
Think about it: a conspicuously effeminate character that stands with all his elegance, that gives himself completely, to make both licentious and refined men cry for their moms in a society of machos and closeted men, of submissive and bully women, of narcos and gringoish middle class people.	Think about it: a conspicuously effeminate character that stands with all his elegance, that gives himself completely to make both fops and dandies cry for their mothers in a society of machos and closet cases, of submissive and butch women, of dealers and the gringo-fied middle class.
It's not that what is needed is a Juan Gabriel for international consumption, but an idea of Mexico with as much cojones as Juan Gabriel to present itself just as it is and to be not only tolerated, but admitted.	It's not that what is needed is a Juan Gabriel for international consumption, but an idea of Mexico with the cojones of Juan Gabriel to present itself just as it is and to be not only tolerated, but admired.
This drive, I believe, belongs very much to surviving countries like Mexico, which requires a universal image, yes, Mexican, but that it wouldn't matter if anybody likes it or not"	This drive, I believe, belongs very much to countries of survivors like Mexico, which requires a universal image: yes, Mexican, but one where it doesn't matter if anybody likes it or not"
The article goes on and on with criticisms and things that deliberately offend some of my susceptibilities or that make me laugh in agreement (no deja títere con cabeza).	The article goes on and on with criticisms and things that deliberately offend some of my susceptibilities or that make me laugh in agreement (no deja títere con cabeza).
But I think I will stop there.	But I think I will stop there.
I didn't agree with the conclusion.	I didn't agree with the conclusion.
However, even I had a hard time to understand it, so I recommend you to read the rest of the article to improve your reading skill in Spanish, just follow this link:	However, even I had a hard time to understand it, so I recommend you to read the rest of the article to improve your reading skill in Spanish, just follow this link:
Study for Finals	Study for Finals
I'm study for the finals 	I'm studying for the finals 
Nice to meet you ~	Nice to meet you ~
Wel...	Wel...
nice to meet you!	nice to meet you!
I'm new here,and I want to improve my supah english skills (actually, I really need to learn technical and scientific english).	I'm new here,and I want to improve my supah english skills (actually, I really need to learn technical and scientific english).
I'm studying the 3rd year of Biology at Sonora Univ and be updated with the last information of the current fields like marine ecology or ecophysiology It's very important to me.	I'm studying the 3rd year of Biology at Sonora Univ and be updated with the last information of the current fields like marine ecology or ecophysiology It's very important to me.
but I'm not going to annoy you with the translation of my stuff, just a few facts and questions XD	but I'm not going to annoy you with the translation of my stuff, just a few facts and questions XD
I have another interests too, like travel, photography, japanese culture, sometimes I paint oils (°w °)'° and I like to have nonsense conversations...	I have another interests too, like travel, photography, japanese culture, sometimes I paint oils (°w °)'° and I like to have nonsense conversations...
well that was a lot about me, I hope my grammar wasn't too confuse ^_^'	well that was a lot about me, I hope my grammar wasn't too confuse ^_^'
Hospital	Hospital
My father started to work in this hospital in 1976.	My father started working at this hospital in 1976.
Hospitals arent a nice place, but I have good memories with this one.	Hospitals aren't a nice place, but I have good memories involving this one.
When I was a child, the hospital was a places full of people and life, with lovely gardens everywhere.	When I was a child, this hospital was a place full of people and life, surrounded by lovely gardens everywhere.
I didnt feel scary in it maybe because it doesnt look like a hospital.	It didn't scare me maybe because it didn't look like a hospital.
There used to be militars in it but when then the hospital started to be part of the spanish health sistem (instead of being a military place) and now there's no one left.	There used to be soldiers but then the hospital became part of the Spanish health system (instead of being a military place) and now there's no one left.
Its an empty sad place.	It's an empty sad place.
This hospital is now death, because of a bad administration, with lots of machines and materials going to waste when we need more hospitals in Spain.	This hospital is now death because of a bad administration, with lots of machines and materials going to waste, when we need more hospitals in Spain.
I only can wait and hope that someone really takes care of this stituation to rehab this extraordinary place that counts with 87.500 m2 of extension and 22 buildings, it used to have to his own church.	I hope that someone will fix this stituation and rehab this extraordinary place that has 87.500 m2 and 22 buildings, it even used to have to his own church.
The neighboord protests still continue untill someone give a logic destiny to this really special place.	The neighborhood protests will continue until someone finds a solution to this really special place.
This week with my boss	This week with my boss
This week was critical, my boos visited my country and and needed demostrated my work.	This week was critical, my boos visited my country and and needed demostrated my work.
I think that everythig was excellent, for intance i have thouths that i setted up an agenda so intense.	I think that everythig was excellent, for intance i have thouths that i setted up an agenda so intense.
Today, I feel more relax, however with more presure following doing well all my responsabilities.	Today, I feel more relax, however with more presure following doing well all my responsabilities.
Next monday, I will analize all the meetings, pendings and plans that i commited with my boss, in order to continue the day by day.	Next monday, I will analize all the meetings, pendings and plans that i commited with my boss, in order to continue the day by day.
Conversation	Conversation
What`s your first name?	What`s your first name?
My first name`s Sonia.	My first name`s Sonia.
How do you spell it?	How do you spell it?
SONIA	SONIA
And what`s your surname?	And what`s your surname?
My surname is Perez.	My surname is Perez.
How do you spell it, please?	How do you spell it, please?
PEREZ	PEREZ
What`s your addrees?	What`s your addrees?
My adrees is...	My adrees is...
What`s your telephone number?	What`s your telephone number?
My telephone number is...	My telephone number is...
And what do you do?	And what do you do?
I`m english student.	I`m english student.
Thank you very much.	Thank you very much.
That`s all for today.	That`s all for today.
Goodbye!	Goodbye!
Bye bye!	Bye bye!
what time is it?	what time is it?
Excuse me.	Excuse me.
Excuse me.	Excuse me.
What time is it?	What time is it?
What time is it?	What time is it?
It`s ten o`clock.	It`s ten o`clock.
What`s the time, please?	What`s the time, please?
What`s the time, please?	What`s the time, please?
It`s a quarter to twelve.	It`s a quarter to twelve.
What time is it?	What time is it?
What time is it?	What time is it?
It`s half past five.	It`s half past five.
Excuse me.	Excuse me.
Excuse me.	Excuse me.
What`s the time, please?	What`s the time, please?
What`s the time, please?	What`s the time, please?
It`s ten to six.	It`s ten to six.
Introductions	Introductions
Hello.	Hello.
My name is Sonia.	My name is Sonia.
I`m 24 years old.	I`m 24 years old.
I from in spain and I`m english student.	I am from Spain and I`m an English student.
Answer the questions	Answer the questions
Is Jimmy an actor?	Is Jimmy an actor?
No, he isn`t.	No, he isn`t.
Is Patricia a student?	Is Patricia a student?
Yes, she is.	Yes, she is.
Is Mrs Collins an electrician?	Is Mrs Collins an electrician?
NO, she isn`t.	NO, she isn`t.
Is Mr Johnson a policeman?	Is Mr Johnson a policeman?
Yes, he is.	Yes, he is.
Are you a photographer?	Are you a photographer?
No, I`m not.	No, I`m not.
Are you a receptionist?	Are you a receptionist?
Yes, I`m.	Yes, I`m.
The Spanish Holy Week and Dickens	The Spanish Holy Week and Dickens
Hi guys.	Hi guys.
I couldn't write in this site for a week, and neither couldn't I to study English, so I'm sorry.	I couldn't write in this site for a week, and neither could I study English, so I'm sorry.
I couldn't write in this site for a week, and neither couldn't I to study English, so I'm sorry.	I couldn't write on this site for a week, and neither could I study English, so I'm sorry.
That's because Saturday and Sunday I took some rest, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job during almost all the day and I didn't found a few time to focus on English Language.	That's because Saturday and Sunday I took some rest, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job almost the whole day and I found little time to focus on English Language.
That's because Saturday and Sunday I took some rest, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job during almost all the day and I didn't found a few time to focus on English Language.	That's because Saturday and Sunday I took some rest, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job during almost all the day and I didn't found a few time to focus on English Language.Una sugerencia:This past weekend, I rested, and Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday I was busy looking for a job so I didn't find much time to focus on studying English.
That's because Saturday and Sunday I took some rest, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job during almost all the day and I didn't found a few time to focus on English Language.	That's because Saturday and Sunday I rested, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job almost the entire day, so I couldn't find much time to focus on studying English.
I'd like to talk to you a little bit about Spanish Holy Week.	I'd like to tell you a little bit about Spanish Holy Week.
I'd like to talk to you a little bit about Spanish Holy Week.	I'd like to talk to you a little bit about the Spanish Holy Week.
It's a Catholic festivity, but you don't need to be a religious person to apreciate it (in fact, neither am I very much).	It's a Catholic festival, but you don't need to be a religious person to appreciate it (in fact, neither am I a very religious person).
It's a Catholic festivity, but you don't need to be a religious person to apreciate it (in fact, neither am I very much).	It's a Catholic holiday, but you don't need to be a religious person to be able to appreciate it (in fact, I'm not very religious).
For a week, Catholic people celebrate the dead and resurrection of the son of God, and during all the week there are a lot of processions, specially at night.	For a week, Catholic people celebrate the death and resurrection of the son of God, and during the whole week there are a lot of processions, especially at night.
For a week, Catholic people celebrate the dead and resurrection of the son of God, and during all the week there are a lot of processions, specially at night.	For a week, Catholic people celebrate the dead and resurrection of the son of God, and during the entire week there are a lot of processions, especially at night.
For a week, Catholic people celebrate the dead and resurrection of the son of God, and during all the week there are a lot of processions, specially at night.	For one week, Catholics celebrate the death and resurrection of the son of God, and throughout the week there are a lot of processions, especially at night.
I don't have a lot of English vocabulary to talk about that, but I think It's a very special Spanish festivity.	I don't have a lot of English vocabulary to talk about that, but I think It's a very special Spanish festival.
I don't have a lot of English vocabulary to talk about that, but I think It's a very special Spanish festivity.	I don't know a lot of English vocabulary to talk about that, but I think it's a very special Spanish celebration.
So today and tomorrow anybody works here (only the waiters :) )	So for today and tomorrow, there will be nobody working here (only the waiters :) )
Just now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens book 'A tale of two cities' and maybe later I'll write an entrie about the book.	Just now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens' book 'A tale of two cities' and maybe later I'll write an entry about the book.
Just now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens book 'A tale of two cities' and maybe later I'll write an entrie about the book.	Now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens' book 'A Tale of Two Cities' and maybe later I'll write an entry about the book.
I have to force myself to learn more and more words and structures in English, and read and watch tv shows it's a way to do it :)	I have to force myself to learn more and more words and structures in English, and read and watch tv shows because those are the ways to do it :)
Bye	Bye
Going out. Bye!	Going out. Bye!
I'm going out.	I'm going out.
I have been all the day in front of my personal computer looking for a job and studying english, so I really want to go for a walk.	I have been sat all the day in front of my computer looking for a job and studying english, and now I really want to go for a walk.
I have been all the day in front of my personal computer looking for a job and studying english, so I really want to go for a walk.	I have been sitting all day in front of my personal computer looking for a job and studying english, so I really want to go for a walk.
I have been all the day in front of my personal computer looking for a job and studying english, so I really want to go for a walk.	I have been in front of my computer all day looking for a job and studying English, so I really want to go for a walk.
Here in Spain we have dinner really late, so I already have a few hours to enjoy :).	Here in Spain we have dinner really late, so I have a few hours to myself to enjoy it:).
I'm thinking that this site it's really great, so it's sure that I will publish a few notes every day.	I think that this site is really great, so it's sure that I will publish a few notes every day.
I'm thinking that this site it's really great, so it's sure that I will publish a few notes every day.	I think that this site is really great, so I'm sure that I will publish a few notes every day.
See tomorrow!	See you tomorrow!
¡Hasta mañana!	¡Hasta mañana!
Alice in Wonderland	Alice in Wonderland
I've just read the first chapter of 'Alice in Wonderland', called 'Down the Rabit Hole'.	I've just read the first chapter of 'Alice in Wonderland', called 'Down the Rabit Hole'.
I found the book in the Site of childrenslibrary.	I found the book on the Site of childrenslibrary.
I found the book in the Site of childrenslibrary.	I found the book on childrenslibrary.org
org.	org.
I heard about it two weeks ago.	I heard about it two weeks ago.
One friend of this Site, called Cat, talked us in one of her entries about the Site, and I began to surf into it inmediately.	One friend of this Site, called Cat, told us in one of her entries about the Site, and I began to surf into it inmediately.
One friend of this Site, called Cat, talked us in one of her entries about the Site, and I began to surf into it inmediately.	One friend of this site, called Cat, told us in about it in one of her entries, and I began to search for it immediately.
I liked it very much so I use it to read a few books in English.	I liked it very much so I use it now to read a few books in English.
I liked it very much so I use it to read a few books in English.	I liked it a lot so I use it to read some books in English.
Althought it is a Site focus on children (the books are divided in three categories: from three to six years old children, from six to ten and from ten to thirdteen years old), there are many different types of books and in many different sizes, so I think it is a good way to increase our vocabulary in a second language.	Althought the site's main focus is on children (the books are divided in three categories: from three to six years old children, from six to ten and from ten to thirdteen years old), there are many different types of books and in many different sizes, so I think it is a good way to increase our vocabulary in a second language.
Althought it is a Site focus on children (the books are divided in three categories: from three to six years old children, from six to ten and from ten to thirdteen years old), there are many different types of books and in many different sizes, so I think it is a good way to increase our vocabulary in a second language.	Although it is a site that focusses on children (the books are divided in three categories: from three to six year old children, from six to ten, and from ten to thirteen years old), there are many different types of books and in many different sizes, so I think it is a good way for us to increase our vocabulary in a second language.
Most of the books are in English but there are also a few in many different languages (like chinese, mongol or farsi).	Most of the books are in English but there are also a few in many different languages (like chinese, mongolian, or farsi).
In fact, I read that the way of the Site is to have one hundred books in every language.	In fact, I read that the objective of the site, is to have at least one hundred books in every language.
Last week I tried to find another similar Site with free books for adults, but I didn't achieve it.	Last week I tried to find another similar site with free books for adults, but I didn't succeed.
When I begin this post I wanted to talk about 'Alice in Wonderland'.	When I began this post I wanted to talk about 'Alice in Wonderland'.
When I begin this post I wanted to talk about 'Alice in Wonderland'.	When I began this post, I wanted to talk about 'Alice in Wonderland'.
I've just read the first chapter and maybe it is a good idea to write a little summary about it.	I've just read the first chapter and maybe it is a good idea to write a little summary of it.
'Down the Rabit Hole' introduces us Alice, a little girl sitting in a bank next to her sister, who is reading a book without pictures.	'Down the Rabit Hole' introduces Alice to us, a little girl sitting on a bench next to her sister, who is reading a book without pictures.
'Down the Rabit Hole' introduces us Alice, a little girl sitting in a bank next to her sister, who is reading a book without pictures.	'Down the Rabit Hole' introduces us to Alice, a little girl sitting on a bank next to her sister, who is reading a book without pictures.
Alice is really boring and suddenly she see a rabbit running very quickly.	Alice is really bored and suddenly she see a rabbit running very quickly.
Alice is really boring and suddenly she see a rabbit running very quickly.	Alice is really bored, and suddenly she see a rabbit running very quickly.
The rabbit looks on his clock and says that he is late.	The rabbit looks at his clock and says that he is late.
The rabbit looks on his clock and says that he is late.	The rabbit looks at his clock and says that he is late.
Alice runs after the rabit and also her dissapears into a hole in her backyard.	Alice runs after the rabit and also she dissapears into a hole in her backyard.
Alice runs after the rabit and also her dissapears into a hole in her backyard.	Alice runs after the rabbit and disappears after it, into a hole in her backyard.
She is falling into the hole for a long time, and finally Alice came on dry leaves without being hurt.	She is falling in the hole for a long time, and finally Alice landed on dry leaves without being hurt.
She is falling into the hole for a long time, and finally Alice came on dry leaves without being hurt.	She falls down the hole for a long time, and finally Alice lands on dry leaves without being hurt.
She found a gold key and a lot of closed doors in a long hall, but the key can't open anyone.	She found a gold key and many closed doors in a long hall, but the key couldn't open any.
She found a gold key and a lot of closed doors in a long hall, but the key can't open anyone.	She finds a gold key, and a lot of closed doors in a long hall, but the key can't open any of them..
Finally she moves a curtain and she found a little door of only one foot high.	Finally she moved a curtain and she found a little door of only one foot high.
Finally she moves a curtain and she found a little door of only one foot high.	Finally she moves a curtain and finds a little door only one foot high.
The key fits perfectly in that door!	The key fit perfectly in that door!
The key fits perfectly in that door!	The key fits perfectly in that door!
Maybe this entrie is a bit long, so I am going to finish it for today.	Maybe this entry is a bit long, so I am going to finish it for today.
Maybe this entrie is a bit long, so I am going to finish it for today.	Maybe this entry is a bit long, so I'm going to finish it for today.
Studying languages at the Internet  age	Studying languages in the Internet age
Last days I have been studying English very much, specially in the afternoon.	In the last few days I have been studying English very much, especially in the afternoon.
Last days I have been studying English very much, specially in the afternoon.	In the last few days I have been studying English a lot, especially in the afternoon.
A few years earlier, I'd never thought that learn a language could be funny, but now I think I've found the practise way to do it.	A few years ago, I never thought that learning a language could be fun, but now I think I've found the best way to do it.
When I was at school, children passed a lot of years studying a language without learning almost nothing: there wasn't any practical approach to it.	When I was at school, children passed a lot of years studying a language learning almost nothing: there wasn't any practical approach to it.
When I was at school, children passed a lot of years studying a language without learning almost nothing: there wasn't any practical approach to it.	When I was in school, children spent many years studying a foreign language without learning hardly anything: there wasn't any practical approach to it.
However, right now Internet offer us the possibility to communicate with people all around the world, and it is really easy to have access to music, films, TV shows and books from different cultures and in very different languages.	However, right now the Internet offers us the possibility to communicate with people all around the world, and it is really easy to have access to music, films, TV shows and books from different cultures and in very different languages.
However, right now Internet offer us the possibility to communicate with people all around the world, and it is really easy to have access to music, films, TV shows and books from different cultures and in very different languages.	However, now the Internet offers us the ability to communicate with people from all over the world, and it is really easy to have access to music, films, TV shows and books from different cultures and different languages.
That's why now I'm enjoying studying English (when I was a child I didn't like it very much).	That's why now I'm enjoying studying English (When I was a child I didn't like it very much.).
That's why now I'm enjoying studying English (when I was a child I didn't like it very much).	That's why this time I'm enjoying studying English (when I was a child I didn't like it very much).
A few months ago I subscribed to some podcasts from the bbc so now I listen to different types of programmes and I try to understand them.	A few months ago I subscribed to some podcasts from the BBC, so now I listen to different types of programmes and I try to understand them. I believe "programmes" would be correct in England. In the US, we would spell it "programs".
While I am listening to one podcast, I write in my notebook the key words and expressions.	While listening to the podcasts, I write down in my notebook the key words and expressions.
I want to prove myself that if I work hard I'll understand the language more and more.	I want to prove to myself that if I work hard I'll understand the language more and more.
Obviously, I'm also watching a few TV shows in English, like 'The L Word', 'Modern Family' and 'The Sopranos', and I read a few books (It's easy for me to read in French that in English but I like trying hard)	Obviously, I'm also watching a few TV shows in English, like 'The L Word', 'Modern Family' and 'The Sopranos', and I read a few books (It's easy for me to read in French that in English but I like trying hard) I don't know what you meant. Was it: "It's easier for me to read in French than in English" ?
Obviously, I'm also watching a few TV shows in English, like 'The L Word', 'Modern Family' and 'The Sopranos', and I read a few books (It's easy for me to read in French that in English but I like trying hard)	Obviously, I'm also watching a few TV shows in English, like 'The L Word', 'Modern Family' and 'The Sopranos', and I read a few books (It's easier for me to read in French than in English, but I like to challenge myself)
Hello!!!	Hello!!!
Hi, my name is fernanda, i am from Argentina and i am students.	Hi, my name is Fernanda. I am from Argentina and I am a student.
I have two cats, "peperino" and "marciano", it is chubby!!	I have two cats, "Peperino" and "Marciano." They are chubby!
I dont know speaking english therefore i am here XD.	I don't know how to speak english therefore I am here XD.
Goodbye!!!	Goodbye!!!
practicing	practicing
Hi, I cant speak in english!, today for practice i am going tell one story, it name is "the girl who does not speak in english", this history have not plot, this  story have one girl who finded this page for learning ehglish, this is begin, i hope that is the end very goog :) for that i need your help.	Hi, I can't speak in english! For practice today I am going tell one story. Its name is "The Girl Who Does Not Speak In English." This story has no plot. This story has one girl who found this page for learning english, and this is the beginning. I hope the end is good. :) For that I need your help.
thanks you!!!	Thank you!!!
hi!! 	hi!! 
Today I must go to the dentist, it is 8.30 am.	Today I must go to the dentist, it is 8.30 am.
I want to be in bed sleeping!.	I want togo to bed
I am writing for begining the day because is very dificult for my.	I am writing for beginning the day because is very difficult for me.
Ok, now i am going.	Ok, now i am going.
See you later!	See you later!
First Entry	First Entry
Hello.	Hello.
My name is Mathias and i'm from Uruguay.	My name is Mathias, and I'm from Uruguay.
This is my first entry here, and I dont know exactly what to do?	This is my first entry here, and I don't know exactly what to do.
Can someone guide me?	Can someone guide me?
nothing to do...	Nothing To Do...
well...	Well...
what's up, im ismael, im new at this and im really looking forward to meet cool people here.	What's up, I'm Ismael, I'm new at this and I'm really looking forward to meeting cool people here.
As you might know, my native language is spanish and im trying to learn english and japanese(the japanese is more like a dream of mine...	As you might know, my native language is Spanish and I'm trying to learn English and Japanese(the Japanese is more like a dream of mine...
pretty hard XD), it would be very helpfull if some of you, native english speakers there, could give a hand.	pretty hard XD), it would be very helpful if some of you native English speakers out there, could give me a hand.
Just to add something for be evaluated for...	Just to add something to be evaluated on...
i love blues and  basically all it's branches.	I love blues and basically all it's branches.
I like to play guitar (ibanez gio jeje), i play a lot of super street fighter 4 on my brother's playstation 3 and i consider myself as a geek ''wannabe'' because of the nature of the carrer i have chosen ( it's a IT based engineering).	I like to play guitar (ibanez gio jeje), I play a lot of Super Street Fighter 4 on my brother's Playstation 3 and I consider myself to be a geek ''wannabe'' because of the nature of the career I have chosen ( it's IT based engineering).
Well that's all for now, i know there might be son mistakes so please be as hard as you can.	Well that's all for now, I know there might be some mistakes so please be as hard as you can.
thank you	Thank you
p.	p.
s.	s.
if you have any questions about spanish dont be afraid to ask me directly 	If you have any questions about Spanish, don't be afraid to ask me directly. 
( fb,tw, or lang-8)	( fb,tw, or lang-8)
Hi!!	Hi!!
Hello, I just want to check how work this web...	Hello, I just want to check how this website works...
xxx	xxx
Coraline	Coraline
I went to see a movie on tuesday, "Coraline".	I went to see a movie called "Coraline" on Tuesday.
It was a beautiful, very well done movie.	It was a beautiful, very well done movie.
I love animated movies, and nowdays it is rare to see stop-motion animation.	I love animated movies, and nowadays it is rare to see stop-motion animation.
In fact there are almost no traditionally animated movies at all these days, only crappy CGI excuses for merchandise and toys.	In fact there are almost no traditionally animated movies at all these days, only crappy CGI excuses for merchandise and toys.
I do like CGI movies and CGI on movies, but only when is science fiction or anime.	I do like CGI movies and CGI in movies, but only when is science fiction or anime.
I hate all those Disney/Pixar movies, with smartass characters and uninspired stupid comedy.	I hate all those Disney/Pixar movies, with smartass characters and uninspired stupid comedy.
I´ll stop the rant here...	I´ll stop the rant here...
Back to Coraline, all in the movie was stunning, the camera work was impresive, the models scenarios all was top notch.	Back to Coraline, everything in the movie was stunning, the camera work was impresive, and the models and story were all top notch.
But the history was a bit scary, not a problem to me, but I wouldn take my 5 years old niece to see it.	The history was a bit scary, which isn't a problem for me, but I wouldn take my 5 year old niece to see it.
This movie is an instant classic, I recomend it heartly.	This movie is an instant classic, I heartily recommend it.
Angry Video Game Nerd	Angry Video Game Nerd
In the past few days I watched all the videos of the Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN for short).	In the past few days I've  watched all the videos by the Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN for short).
He is a funny internet retro gaming reviewer.	He is a funny internet retro game reviewer.
The comedy on his videos steems from his anger, foul language and innapropiated gestures, while he reviews old and poorly made, games for old game consoles like NES, SNES, Atari 2600, Sega Genesis, and many others.	The comedy in his videos stems from his anger, foul language and inappropriate gestures, while he reviews old and poorly made games for old game consoles like NES, SNES, Atari 2600, Sega Genesis, and many others.
His real name is James Rolfe, and looks like is a profecional video editor.	His real name is James Rolfe, and looks like is a professional video editor.
He has the same age as I do.	He is the same age as me.
We both are almost 30, and lived our childhoods on the 80´s, with Nintendo, Ninja Turtles, and many other things.	We both are almost 30, and grew up in the 80´s, with Nintendo, Ninja Turtles, and many other things.
So I feel identified to him and his hilarious reviews.	So I can identify with him and his hilarious reviews.
Yu Gi Oh The abridged series	Yu Gi Oh The abridged series
Hi!	Hi!
Today I want to talk about "Yu Gi Oh The abridged series".	Today I want to talk about "Yu Gi Oh The abridged series".
I did not liked the actual Yu Gi Oh show, because it was awfully dubed and edited by an U.	I did not liked the actual Yu Gi Oh show, because it was awfully dubed and edited by an U.
S.	S.
A company named 4-Kids.	A company named 4-Kids.
The history semed quite silly and the characters were really steriotipical.	The story seemed quite silly and the characters were really stereotypical.
The past year(2007) i stumble upon the Abridged series, it was a dramaticaly shortened vercion of Yu Gi Oh, paroding the shows sillynes and the changes of the american vercion.	This past year(2007) I stumbled upon the Abridged series.   It was a dramaticaly shortened version of Yu Gi Oh, parodying the show's sillyness and the changes of the American version.
It was made by an English amateur voice actor known as LittleKuriboh.	It was made by an English amateur voice actor known as LittleKuriboh.
It is really funny because it lampoons on the most obvious flaws of the show, like the fact that adults and teenagers play a chindren card game with dire seriousnes.	It is really funny because it lampoons on the most obvious flaws of the show, like the fact that adults and teenagers play a children's card game with dire seriousness.
And a funny aspect is that LittleKuriboh, does almost all of the characters voices, even the female characters.	A funny aspect is that LittleKuriboh does almost all of the characters' voices, even the female characters.
Just a few other have done voices for the abriged series.	Just a few others have done voices for the abridged series.
I would like to try and do the spanish vercion of the abridged series, whit the exception of asking my friends to do some of characters.	I would like to try and do the Spanish version of the abridged series, with the exception of asking my friends to do some of characters.
One funny thing about this whole thing is that I always have a hard time trying to pronunce ABRIGED(wich meaning I did not know before), its really anoying.	One funny thing about this whole thing is that I always have a hard time trying to pronounce ABRIDGED(the meaning of which I did not know before).  Its really annoying.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force	Aqua Teen Hunger Force
Today I fell like writing some more.	Today I feel like writing some more.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force, is a cartoon show that i love to see on cartoon nework.	Aqua Teen Hunger Force is a cartoon show that i love to watch on cartoon nework.
Its about some antropomorfic fast food items living in new jersey.	It's about some antropomorfic fast food items living in new jersey.
It is comedy show about these "things" and the subreal adventures they share, most of the characters in this show talk whit a heavy jersey accent which I found very amusing.	It is a comedy show about these "things" and the subreal adventures they share, most of the characters in this show talk with a heavy jersey accent which I find very amusing.
Not trying to offend some one, is just that is kind of...	Not trying to offend anyone , it is just that is kind of...
special, the way they talk.	special, the way they talk.
I really liked and some times I think i have the same accent when try to speak english.	I really like it and some times I think i have the same accent when I try to speak english.
Most of the time I have to watch the show whit the closed caption on, because somethimes I dont undestant what a particular character, Carl, says.	Most of the time I have to watch the show with the closed captioning on, because somethimes I dont understand what a particular character, Carl, says.
He (Carl) is the only recurrent human character in the show and has a really unique and rought accent.	He (Carl) is the only recurrent human character in the show and he has a really unique and rough accent.
I dont think I would learn somenthing really useful watching this show but a least I lear some more street wise language than in text books.	I dont think I will learn somenthing really useful watching this show but a least I learn some more street wise language than in text books.
Watch for Watchmen!	Watch for Watchmen!
Today I went to see the movie Watchmen.	Today I went to see the movie Watchmen.
I liked it very much.	I liked it very much.
For serveral years, some friends of mine, whom are very well versed on comic books, suggest me to read Watchmen.	For several years, some friends of mine, who are very well versed on the subject of comic books, suggested to me that I read Watchmen.
Now Im sorry i did not follow their advise.	Now I'm sorry that I did not follow their advice.
If the comic is half as good as the movie I should have read it long before.	If the comic is half as good as the movie I should have started reading it a long time ago.
The deep, and humanity of the characters is unlikely of the stereotipical comic book heroes.	The depth and humanity of the characters makes them different from the stereotypical comic book heroes.
The history treats several interesting themes as, human nature, perceived reality, politics and the line betwen ideologis and the real world.	The plot deals with several interesting themes such as human nature, perceived reality, politics and the difference between ideology and reality.
The movie is set in an alternate reality in 1985, where vigilantes like Batman are real and once, even sponsored by the goverment, but then outlawed by Nixon who in his third period on the oval office.(WTF!) The world is a brink of nuclear war, and a famous vigilante, the Comedian was killed, setting a great and coplex history in movement.	The movie is set in an alternate reality in 1985, where vigilantes like Batman are real and once, were even sponsored by the goverment, but then outlawed by Nixon who in his third period on the oval office. The world is a brink of nuclear war, and a famous vigilante, the Comedian was killed, setting a great and coplex history in movement.
My favorite character is Rorschach, a detective like vigilante whose mask changes on black and white ink dots patterns.	My favorite character is Rorschach, a detective like vigilante whose mask changes pattern from black to white ink dots.
He is very skillful and cunning, also a badass who delivers justice to criminals with great violence.	He is very skillful and cunning, as well as a badass who delivers justice to criminals with great violence.
I took my mother to see this movie with me.	I took my mother to see this movie with me.
She says she enjoy it, but I think it was a little hard to understant for her.	She says she enjoyed it, but I think it was a little hard to understand for her.
Homework.	Homework.
I was born on San Jose, but now I live in Desamparados.	I was born on San Jose, but now I live in Desamparados.
It isn’t a very big place.	It isn’t a very big place.
However many people live there.	However many people live there.
I think there aren’t any colleges but there are lots of high schools and primary schools.	I think there aren’t any colleges but there are lots of high schools and primary schools.
Not many buildings whatsoever.	Overall, there aren't many buildings.
There’s the Municipalidad de Desamparados and some bank agencies.	There’s the Municipalidad de Desamparados and some bank agencies.
Also the town has a new mall.	Also the town has a new mall.
I like to spend entire days in there, window shopping and eating on Antojitos.	I like to spend entire days in there, window shopping and eating on Antojitos.
My town also has nice parks and basketball courts were all the kids play happily.	My town also has nice parks and basketball courts were all the kids play happily.
One of those parks has a fountain.	One of those parks has a fountain.
And people gather there on Sundays, after church.	And people gather there on Sundays, after church.
There are also bakery stores where to buy delicious fresh bread and milk for breakfast.	There are also bakery stores where to buy delicious fresh bread and milk for breakfast.
Before getting to Desamparados you have to pass near the Centro Comercial Del Sur, which has become a landmark of that area.	Before going to Desamparados, you have to pass near the Centro Comercial Del Sur, which has become a landmark of that area.
I went to the Colegio Vocacional Monseňor Sanabria, a nice place to learn where I had countless experiences.	I went to the Colegio Vocacional Monseňor Sanabria, a nice place to learn where I had countless experiences.
I like to live there, because it is easy to get to San Jose and anywhere else.	I like to live there, because it is easy to get to San Jose and anywhere else.
I think is quiet enough, at least where I live.	I think is quiet enough, at least where I live.
My neighbors are very kind, nice and hard workers.	My neighbors are very kind, nice and hard workers.
It is true that some parts of Desamparados are troublesome places, but is a good place to live anyway.	It is true that some parts of Desamparados are troublesome places, but is a good place to live anyway.
The Mighty Thor  (cartoon 1966)	The Mighty Thor  (cartoon 1966)
I found something quite interesting on the internet today.	I found something quite interesting on the internet today.
A video of the animated series of Marvel Super Heroes.	A video of the animated series of Marvel Super Heroes.
A chapter of the adventures of Mighty Thor.	A chapter of the adventures of Mighty Thor.
I remember have seen it before, when I was a kid.	I have seen it before, when I was a kid.
Of course, it was the spanish dub then, so its like a new experience to see it in its original language, english.	Of course, it was the spanish dub then, so its like a new experience to see it in its original language, english.
The animation is quite limited, in fact the animators used the original comics to create the animation.	The animation is quite limited, in fact the animators used the original comics to create the animation.
Despite its tecnical flaws and poor animation, I still think is very cool.	Despite its tecnical flaws and poor animation, I still think it is very cool.
The elemtents of fantasy and action and the narrative is quite epic as only comics can be.	The elemtents of fantasy and action and the narrative is quite epic as only comics can be.
Most of the characters are comic versions of mitological norse gods and their manner of speech is fantastic.	Most of the characters are comic versions of mitological norse gods and their manner of speech is fantastic.
I like their speech very much but sometimes i just dont get what are they saying like:	I like their speech very much, but sometimes I just dont get what are they saying like:
Odin: "Silence!	Odin: "Silence!
the thunder god´s word is his bond/bound(¿?)"	the thunder god´s word is his bond"
Thor: "I shall return to Asgard to endure the trial of the gods"	Thor: "I shall return to Asgard to endure the trial of the gods"
Odin: "So be it(¿?)"	Odin: "So be it(¿?)"
I find the use of such words and expresions facinating, but, guess I´ll sound dumb if i use them......	I find the use of such words and expresions facinating, but, guess I´ll sound dumb if i use them......
Lets try!	Lets try!
Today I`m joining lang-8.	Today I joined lang-8.
I saw a video on youtube about this site, and I tougth it would be fun, and a chance to improve my english and learn a little japanese.	I saw a video on YouTube about this site, and I thought it would be fun, and a chance to improve my English and learn a little Japanese.
MY VACATIONS 2	MY VACATIONS 2
Hello, Mother!.	Hello, Mother!.
I´m fine.	I´m fine.
I´m at a beach in Cancun whit my girlfriend and her family.	I´m at a beach in Cancun with my girlfriend and her family.
I forgot some clothes, but I bought some things for travel, like canned food, a swimsuit and a suitcase to carry things that I bought here.	I forgot some clothes, but I bought some things for travel, like canned food, a swimsuit and a suitcase to carry things that I bought here.
I´m very happy, It´s more fun here than in Veracruz although more expensive because the people ty to sell the clothes and the food at a higher price than other places.	I´m very happy, It´s more fun here than in Veracruz although more expensive because the people try to sell the clothes and the food at a higher price than other places.
The fish is very expensive, but delicious.	The fish is very expensive, but delicious.
I promise I will visit in two months but first I nedd some money, so could you lend me money?	I promise I will visit you in two months, but I need some money first. Could you lend me the money? You could also say: I would very much appreciate it if you would lend me the money.
I spend all my cash on a hotel and on tickets fot a parachute jump.	I spend all my cash on a hotel and on tickets fot a parachute jump.
PLEASE understan my situation.	PLEASE understand my situation.
Well, I miss you very much and remember that I love you.	Well, I miss you very much and remember that I love you.
SEE YOU SOON.	SEE YOU SOON.
Thank you for the first corretion	Thank you for the first correction.
MY VACATIONS 	MY VACATIONS 
TO: My Mother	TO: My Mother
FROM: Eduardo	FROM: Eduardo
Hello mother Im fine, im in cancun´s beach whith my girlfriend and her family.	Hello, Mother! I'm fine. I'm at a beach in Cancun with my girlfriend and her family.
I forget something in my room to my trip some of clothes, but here i bought somethings for travel as canned food, a swimsuit and a suitcases to take things to bought here.	I forgot some clothes, but I bought some things for travel, like canned food, a swimsuit and suitcases to carry things that I bought here.
Im very happy  it's more fun here than veracruz although more expensive because the people  try to sell the clothes and the food more expensive that other place in special the fish is very expensive but delicious.	I'm very happy. (Although more expensive), it's more fun here than in Veracruz because the people try to sell the clothes and the food at a higher price than other places. The fish is very expensive, but delicious.
I'm going to visit in two months is a promise for the moment i need some money...............	I promise I will visit in two months, but first I need some money.
So I thought if you could borrow me money because i spend all my casch in the hotel and and in a tickets to fly in plane and parachute jump.	Socould you lend me money? I spend all my cash on a hotel and on tickets for a parachute jump.
PLEASE It´s necesary that you borrow me somemoney i hope that you understand my situation.	PLEASE understand my situation.
Well i miss you so much and remember that i love you ok.	Well, I miss you very much, and remember that I love you, OK?
SEE YOU SOON.	SEE YOU SOON.
homework	homework
If I had not studied medicine I probably would have loved to be a fighter or boxer would be the best in the world would win many championships throughout the world, could travel around the world and have a lot of money cars and many homes, do parties and would meet many famous people	If I had not studied medicine I probably would have loved to be a fighter or boxer would be the best in the world would win many championships throughout the world, could travel around the world and have a lot of money cars and many homes, do parties and would meet many famous people
If I were not serious fighter  I could be a pilot I would have loved that too, flying through the skies and stunts to be the best driver in the world, fly in a jet and jump many times in a parachute I think that I should have done that would be very happy whenever I had  curious to fly through the heavens and be like an adventurer, be like a globetrotter and know the world, be a hunter in africa and help people like the che jaja but someday I will.	If I were not serious fighter  I could be a pilot I would have loved that too, flying through the skies and stunts to be the best driver in the world, fly in a jet and jump many times in a parachute I think that I should have done that would be very happy whenever I had  curious to fly through the heavens and be like an adventurer, be like a globetrotter and know the world, be a hunter in africa and help people like the che jaja but someday I will.
New Baby	New Baby
Hell yeah I got a new toy today...	Hell yeah I got a new toy today...
Its a laptop mini, an Acer and I love her...	Its a laptop mini, an Acer and I love her...
she is so cute and little...	She is so cute and little...
just having problems getting used to the keyboard but aside of that Im in love of her...	I'm just having problems getting used to the keyboard but aside of that Im in love with her...
My mom gave it to me because she is upset by the fact that I use hers to write my stories and such so she came and said: "I hope you like it, now you can leave mine alone" XD It was so much fun...	My mom gave it to me because she is upset by the fact that I use hers to write my stories and such so she came and said: "I hope you like it, now you can leave mine alone" XD It was so much fun...
and I already give her a name: Samantha...	and I already give her a name: Samantha...
In other pointless things right now Im reading Twilight saga...	In other pointless things right now Im reading Twilight saga...
I still hate it with a burning pasion but I decide that I cant flame it if I havent read it fist but I have to be honest with you...	I still hate it with a burning passion but I decided that I can't burn it if I haven't read it first but I have to be honest with you...
I still dislike the story...	I still dislike the story...
what its a shame because Meyer got a few good characters there cof...	What a shame because Meyer got a few good characters there...
Jacob Black...	Jacob Black...
cof but Im still finish it just for the hell of it.	cof but I'll still finish it just for the hell of it.
me again XD	me again XD
well...	Well...
it has been so long time since i wrote here...	It has been so long time since I wrote here...
it has been so long time since i wrote here...	It has been such a long time since I last wrote here... Or, "It has been so long since..."
my korean is bad because i can´t study right because of other class,now i feel so bad...	My Korean is bad because I can´t study right because of other classes, now I feel so bad...
probably i´ll fall ill and i had bought a CD from one of my favorites groups and this has come yet, i wanna JYJ come at my country but it´s impossible.	Probably I´ll fall ill and I had bought a CD from one of my favorites groups and it hasn't come yet, I want JYJ to come to my country but it´s impossible.
probably i´ll fall ill and i had bought a CD from one of my favorites groups and this has come yet, i wanna JYJ come at my country but it´s impossible.	I'll probably get sick. I bought a CD of one of my favorite groups and it hasn't come yet. I want JYJ to come to my country, but it´s impossible.
^^	^^
i am only keeping the faith...	I am just keeping the faith...
i am a DBSK /JYJ/ Homin fan...	I am a DBSK /JYJ/ Homin fan...
i am a DBSK /JYJ/ Homin fan...	I will always be a DBSK /JYJ/ Homin fan.
eternally	eternally.
Dreaming	Dreaming
I was dreaming just some hours ago about being in a water riding coaster style park!!!	I was dreaming just some hours ago about being in a water roller coaster style park!!!
was so much fun.	It was so much fun.
different games between a ride and water plays.	There were different games, from roller coasters to water rides.
I finally got dizzy of so much movement.	I finally got dizzy of so much movement. "I got really dizzy from so much movement"
well and I woke up; Had a great breakfast at subway with my love and I'm back home.	and then I woke up; Had a great breakfast at subway with my love and now I'm back home.
I had dreamt before about that park, the new ride was insane!	I had dreamt before about that park, but the new ride was insane!
sadly I couldn't find it because I woke up!	Sadly, I couldn't ride it because I woke up!
but I was in the lane just about to get to it.	but I was in the line just about to get to it.
It's funny how dreams can be related and interconnected; mixing reality and a different complete unusual logical interrelations.	It's funny how dreams can be related and interconnected; mixing reality t with completely different and unusual logical interrelations.
Sometimes I dreamt and then I realized that I dreamt about it because I saw that on TV or someone talk to me about this other thing and in my dream they appeared  mixed in something fantastic and in a way that I have never thought about it	Sometimes I dream about something and then I realize that I dreamt about it because I saw it on TV or someone spoke to me about this other thing and in my dream they appeared mixing in something fantastic and in a way that I have never thought about it.
Well was a fun dream this night!	Well was a fun dream this night!
My first entry in Lang-8	My first entry in Lang-8
Hello everybody.	Hello everybody.
I sign up in this site because i want to improve my english.	I sign up in this site because i want to improve my english.
I think that my english isn't so bad, but it's hard to me listen, for example, a english movie.	I think that my english isn't so bad, but it's hard to me listen, for example, a english movie.
I can read and understand texts in english, even I have studied from english books.	I can read and understand texts in english, even I have studied from english books.
I am not accustomed to write in english, so my writing isn't the best.	I am not accustomed to write in english, so my writing isn't the best.
greetings.	greetings.
hello	hello
good evening my name is adriana; I from Bogota,Colombia I am student`s moderns languages in the ECCI university; 0 I like the music, I would like interact with other people, and so practice my english because is dificult for me please tell me if this paragraph is good thank you for your help.	good evening my name is adriana; I from Bogota,Colombia I am student`s moderns languages in the ECCI university; 0 I like the music, I would like interact with other people, and so practice my english because is dificult for me please tell me if this paragraph is good thank you for your help.
mi hija	mi hija
mi hija no sabia cual es la parte de adelante de su falda y enseniandome su	mi hija no sabia cual es la parte de adelante de su falda y enseniandome su
falda me pregunta:	falda me pregunta:
cual es la parte de adelante?	cual es la parte de adelante?
my dougther don't know what is the front of her skirt , and showing her skirt then ask me:	My daugther didn't know which was the front part of her skirt, and showing me her skirt she asked me:
which is the front?	which is the front?
learning english	learning english
pd:mi teclado no tiene tildes ni la letra con que se	pd:mi teclado no tiene tildes ni la letra con que se
escribe Espana.	escribe Espana.
alguien me podria traducir lo siguiente:	alguien me podria traducir lo siguiente:
Hola amigo, definitivamente me gustaria algun dia	Hola amigo, definitivamente me gustaria algun dia
visitar Filipinas,	visitar Filipinas,
este anio hay en Okinawa el Uchinanchu Taikai,donde	este anio hay en Okinawa el Uchinanchu Taikai,donde
se reunen los descendientes okinawenses de todo el	se reunen los descendientes okinawenses de todo el
mundo, no te animas a visitar?	mundo, no te animas a visitar?
Castellers	Castellers
Have you ever heard about the "Castellers"?	Have you ever heard about the "Castellers"?
This is something very typical in Catalonia.	This is something very typical in Catalonia.
Catalonia is a region in the north-east of Spain and the Castellers are originally from the south if this region, Tarragona.	Catalonia is a region in the north-east of Spain and the Castellers are originally from the south of this region, Tarragona.
Human towers are made with human people that are sometimes overweight or slim.	Human towers are made with individuals that are sometimes overweight or slim.
Human towers are made with human people that are sometimes overweight or slim.	Human towers are made with people who are sometimes overweight or slim.
These groups of people go to contents and they train very hard during all the year to get the perfect and tallest tower.	These groups of people compete and they train very hard during the year to get the perfect and tallest tower.
They are very competitive.	They are very competitive.
The Castellers are so popular that they are usually present in all the festivities.	The Castellers are so popular that they are usually present at all the festivals.
They are sometimes so tall that they can reach 9 floors.	They are sometimes so tall that they can reach 9 floors.
It's incredible.	It's incredible.
Something very cute is the last part of this display.	Something very cute is the last part of this display.
There's always a kid who climbs up the tower and stands at the top of it and puts his/her hand up.	There's always a kid who climbs up the tower and stands at the top of it and puts his/her hand up.
It's worth seein ;)	It's worth seeing. ;)
Hello everybody!!	Hello, everybody!!
hello ,today I was busy in my work but I have days free,today for example I was very busy but i think tomorrow I have a little more of time for writing.	Hello, today, I was busy at work. I have some days free though, which I spend on my writing. I have now gotten home and I'm tired. I'm going to take a shower and then go to sleep.
Good evening Everybody	Good Evening, everybody!
This saturday I'll go to dance to nagoya with my friends!!A night Club of salsa what your name is "koko dance",I already went five there,It was very  good!!It was too enjoyed but It was a nice night,the night club finish to early at 3 A.	This Saturday I'm going to dance in Nagoya with my friends! The Salsa night club, is called Koko Dance.  I was there by 5pm already, and it was very good! It was a nice night, but the club closed too early: 3am. It was a problem for there was no train. We waited till the 5am train arrived, but we still enjoyed ourselves.
I am Zancudo	I am Zancudo
Hello to  all friends!!I am Zancudo, Is my pleasure!!,I am searching new friends to share "conversation" and messages exchange,Do you write and speak spanish?,Write me!!	I am searching new friends I found new freinds
Hello to  all friends!!I am Zancudo, Is my pleasure!!,I am searching new friends to share "conversation" and messages exchange,Do you write and speak spanish?,Write me!!	Hello to all friends!!I am Zancudo, It is nice to meet you!! I am searching new friends to communicate and exchange messages with me, will you write and talk to me in Spanish? write me!!
I do not see to they long ago	I have not seem them long ago
My first day of classes,Today I met a friends,They are very good and are fun,I like their friendship,I believe than a person can to show your friendship,The love than feels each is good.	My first day of classes. Today I met a few friends.They are very good people and are fun. I like being friends with them. I believe that a person can show your friendship; that love you each feel is good.
Happy Christmas!!	Merry Christmas!!
Today.	Today.
december 24th.	december 24th.
I am ready to leave.	I am ready to leave.
I going to toyohashi in train.	I going to toyohashi in train.
he is wait me,In the station toyohashi.	he is wait me,In the station toyohashi.
I are going to buy several thing.	I am going to buy several things.
Sweet Bread,champagne,chocolate,milk,Beer etc.	Sweet Bread,champagne,chocolate,milk,Beer etc.
we want to super!!.	we want to super!!.
Today is special day to me.	Today is special day to me.
we are a group of people.	we are a group of people.
five persons.	five persons.
ok!!!A hug Everybody!!.	ok!!!A hug Everybody!!.
Not Drink a lot!!.	Don't drink too much!!. もし「飲みすぎないでね」という意味なら。
Bye	Bye
Have a Happy Christmas!	Have a Happy Christmas!
Tomorrow,I will go to visit my friend.	Tomorrow,I will go to visit my friend.
We go to cook turkey.	We are going to cook turkey.
The turkey is delicious.	Turkey is delicious.
I will like to eat turkey in christmas.	I would like to eat turkey for christmas.
The Peruvian like to eat turkey in Christmas.	Peruvians like to eat turkey for Christmas, along with sweet bread and chocolate milk.
We go to celebrate with champagne.	We will also celebrate with champagne.
december 18	december 18
Today is thursday,I am in the computer all the day,I rest,now just I am study english for the computer but I learning a lot,I would like to learn more,I have friends for talking for telephone or for here in this pag lan-8,its very fun,i will like to travel for ee.	Today is thursday,I am in the computer all the day,I rest,now just I am study english for the computer but I learning a lot,I would like to learn more,I have friends for talking for telephone or for here in this pag lan-8,its very fun,i will like to travel for ee.
uu or england,its very great.	uu or england,its very great.
the life its very sweet.	the life its very sweet.
I writing but I talk is my problem,my friends are japanese,have a great christmas.	I writing but I talk is my problem,my friends are japanese,have a great christmas.
javi	javi
New Year!!	New Year!!
Nagoya Party.	The Nagoya party was very fun with its dancing and drinks.
It had dance and drink.	 
Many people of all world.	Many people from all over the world had attended, like the Japanese, Americans, Peruvians,Philippines,etc.
It have been japanese.	It have been japanese.
american,peruvian,phillipinen etc.	american,peruvian,phillipinen etc.
I danced all night.	I danced all night.
Many drunken.	Many drunken.
twelve o clock we drank champagne.	twelve o clock we drank champagne.
When It dance finish I went to mac donalds.	When the dance ended, I went to Mc Donalds; I was hungry.
I gone out 3 A.	I was out at 3am  and all night.
M.	M.
It was cool.	It was cool.
Start a good year!!	The start of a good year!!
It is hot in winter!	It is hot in winter!
Today,It is sunny in this winter.	Today, it is sunny in this winter.
Today,It is sunny in this winter.	It's a sunny winter day today.
I will think to go out to walk.	I think I will go out for a  walk.
It is a nice day and then I will go to at mall.	It is a nice day, so then I will go to the mall.
I usually saturday is a day of celebration.	Saturday is usually a day of celebration for me; I would be meeting new people and drinking a few beers.
I will think maybe I go to nagoya.	I think I will maybe go to Nagoya.
What are you do when is free?.	What do you do when you are free?
What are you do when is free?.	What do you do in your free time?
I do not nothing I bored.	I do nothing; I am bored.
The Verbs	The Verbs
Now I am learning The Verbs.	Now I am learning The Verbs.
Example Can,Must,Shall,May,Will Are Auxiliar verbs!!.	Example Can,Must,Shall,May,Will Are Auxiliar verbs!!.
If Somebody could explain me.	If Somebody could explain me.
What mean Can?.	What mean Can?.
What mean  must?.	What mean  must?.
What mean shall?.	What mean shall?.
What mean will?.	What mean will?.
What mean way?.	What mean way?.
good evening	Good evening
hello.	hello.
i am peruvian,i am in japan eight years.	i am peruvian,i am in japan eight years.
i know a little the culture japanese and i speak a little lenguage japanese but i would like speak lenguage english,if somebody could help me	i know a little the culture japanese and i speak a little lenguage japanese but i would like speak lenguage english,if somebody could help me
It's Cold In Japan	It's Cold In Japan
Now It's cold.	Now It's cold.
Tomorrow I will go to Nagoya.	Tomorrow I will go to Nagoya.
With several friends.	With several friends.
Enjoy with a little of Salsa Dance.	 We will enjoy some Salsa Dancing.
We are Five persons.	We are Five people.
Men only.	Men only.
I will hope to have a great night.	I will hope to have a great night.
nagoya have several pleace for enjoy.	nagoya have several pleace for enjoy.
But the night is cold.	But the night is cold.
I love dance Salsa.	I love dance Salsa.
nagoya come on.	nagoya come on.
It's very fun.	It's very fun.
Hello!! im new in this site!!!	Hello!! im new in this site!!!
This is my first day in Lang 8, i hope someone can help me, to practise english, at this moment I'm cheating with Google tranlator, but i hope don´t do it anymore.	This is my first day on Lang 8, I hope someone can help me, to practise English, at this moment I'm cheating with Google translator, but i hope not to do it anymore.
HI everybody	Hi, everybody.
hi,	Hi.
just im trying in this page 	I'm just trying out this page.
Regards,	Regards,
Familys Letter	Family's Letter or A Letter to My Family
HI, 	HI, 
Well, I dont know  what going on with my self, but I just wanna tell you that in five days Im going to travel to Puerto Vallarta, I decided   to      take this decision because I just want to go out of this state for a        little  time, but you should know that I will be fine and I will go back     when I feel better.	Well, I don't know what's going on with myself, but I just wanna tell you that in five days I'm going to travel to Puerto Vallarta.I decided to take this vacation because I just want toget out of this state for a little while, but you should know that I will be fine and I will come back when I feel better.
About my little trip in Puerto Vallarta, I will stay with a friend in his      house, and then I will know some places near Puerto Vallarta, 	About my little tripto Puerto Vallarta, I will stay with a friend&nbsp;at his house, and then I will&nbsp;go some places near Puerto Vallarta.
Remember that I will contact you.	Remember that I will contact you.
Regards,	Regards,
I'm gonna take class of English.	I'm going to take English classes.
I'm going to take class of English in Guadalajara  tomorrow .	I'm going to take English in Guadalajara tomorrow.
I'm going to take class of English in Guadalajara  tomorrow .	I'm going to take an English class in Guadalajara tomorrow .
I'm excited and nervous because, I have long time of not go.	I'm excited and nervous because I have not gone in a long time.
I hope I do good.	I hope I do well.
Writing an email	Writing an email
Dear Bob.	Dear Bob.
Thank you for sending me back your message the other day.	Thank you for sending your message the other day.
I really was busy but I'd like to solve your troubles and dubs.	I really was busy but I'd like to solve your troubles and dubs.
First, you was asking me about the PC.	First, you were asking me about the PC.
You must to connect pin number 1 with serial pin number 5.	You must connect pin number 1 with serial pin number 5.
This point is very unusual but you'll see the changes.	This point is very unusual but you'll see the changes.
When the pc swich on, you'll see a black screen in front of you, but don't worry about that, It'll desapear until 10 seconds.	When the PC turns on, you'll see a black screen in front of you, but don't worry about that, it'll disappear in 10 seconds.
I'm here to help you anyway.	I'm here to help you anyway.
You can call me too.	You can call me too.
See you guy!	See you !
Regards.	Regards.
I´m in Barcelona with a friend for five days.	I´m in Barcelona with a friend for five days.
We went to a concert by a Japanese singer, "Miyavi".	We went to a concert by a Japanese singer, "Miyavi".
I like so much.	I liked it so much.
It was a great concert.	It was a great concert.
He´s incredible!!!	He´s incredible!!!
I hope write more, but i´m very busy now.	I hope to write more, but I´m very busy now.
I´m very busy with my job but i´m trying study hard.	I´m very busy with my job but i´m trying study hard.
I´m very busy with my job but i´m trying study hard.	I´m very busy with my job but i´m trying to study hard.
Must be constant.	Must be constant.
Must be constant.	I must be consistent. .
Please, help me and correct my mistakes ^_^	Please, help me and correct my mistakes ^_^
People seem sad when its a rainy day but I like it so much cause I feel that everything around me is cleanning (^_^) 	People seem sad when its a rainy day but I like it so much cause I feel that everything around me is cleanning (^_^)
It's really relaxing...	It's really relaxing...
but lightning would not relax me!	but lightning would not relax me!
Trip to Cádiz	Trip to Cádiz
Hello to everyone.	Hello to everyone.
I´m really busy these days so I haven´t time to write in here so often than before.	I´m really busy these days so I haven´t time to write on here as often as before. You usually do things "on" the internet, so instead of using "in" like "write in my diary," you should use "on," because it's the internet. ^^ You can also say, "...I haven't had time to write on here so often," and omit "than before."
I´ll go to Cádiz next March.	I´ll go to Cádiz next March. If you mean March 2011, you should say, "this March." If you mean March 2012, then "next March" is appropriate.
Me and my friends will spend 7 days.	I and my friends will spend 7 days there. Or "Me and my friends will be there for 7 days." Also, in formal English, usually the speaker puts him or herself last, as in, "My friends and me." This is a good grammar check, because now you see that if you omit "my friends," "me" is incorrect, because you're left with, "Me will be there for 7 days," so you see you need to use "I" instead. ^^ Does that make sense?
I'm looking forward to this trip.	I'm looking forward to this trip.
This new year I will have too much work and maybe will have not holidays.	This new year I will have too much work and might not get any holidays.
That is why I NEED to take a break before the most hard come over my job.	That is why I NEED to take a break before the hardest part of my job comes. I think this is what you meant, but I'm not completely sure. ^^;
(^_^) 	(^_^) 
You can to check few photos about Cádiz.	You can see a few photos of Cádiz. Or "you can check out a few photos of Cadiz."
I think is a nice place to stay and enjoy.	I think it is a nice place to stay and enjoy.
Would you like to join me??	Would you like to join me??
hahaha Anyway, I will tell you how was my trip on Lang-8.	hahaha Anyway, I will tell you how my trip was on Lang-8. 
See you and have a nice week!	See you and have a nice week!
Felicitando en Lang	Felicitando en Lang
Hola a todos.	Hola a todos.
Hello everyone	Hello everyone
How are you?	How are you?
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year	Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
I wish to begin the year with a lot of energy and more luck	I wish to begin the year with a lot of energy and more luck
Lucky for all	Lucky for all
It´s Carnival time.	It´s Carnival time.
It´s so fun.	It´s so fun.
People use singular costume and go out into the street.	People use singular costume and go out into the street.
Everyone jokes and dancing until the next morning.	Everyone jokes and dancing until the next morning.
There are girls wearing big and beautiful dresses.	There are girls wearing big and beautiful dresses.
Return to normality	Return to Normality 
I had a wonderful time in Barcelona.	I had a wonderful time in Barcelona.
It was great!	It was great!
But i must to return to normality now.	I must to return to normality now. (The pronoun "I" should always be capitalized. Also, you should never start a sentence with the word "but". If you want to use the word "but" you can say the following: "It was great, but I must return to reality now." or "It was great; however, I must now return to normal now.")
i don´t like to do the same every day.	I don´t like to do the same every day.
I feel like a robot...	I feel like a robot.
So when something interesting happens I enjoy it so much.	So when something interesting happens I enjoy it so much.
For example, while I came home yesterday, could see how a man had left his house.	For example, when I came home yesterday, I saw a man leave his house.
Ok, that may seem totally normal, but the man...	This may seem totally normal to you, but the man was in his underwear.
was in underwear!	I moved this to the sentence above.
It was very cold outside!	It was very cold outside!
I thought "What´s the matter with him??" It was funny.	I thought "What´s the matter with him??" It was funny.
If I could, would like to spend time each day different.	If I could, I would like to spend time each day doing something different.
I think that small things make life more fun, interesnting and unique.	I think that small things make life more fun, interesting and unique.
Some exercises from exams	Some exercises from exams
I'm reading some English exams from last years, and I'm trying to do the exercises, please, correct my sentences.	I'm reading some English exams from last years, and I'm trying to do the exercises, please, correct my sentences.
Exercise 1	Exercise 1
1.	1.
If by any chances he complains, tell him I ask you to do it.	If by any chances he complains, tell him I asked you to do it.
2.	2.
If I sell my car, I don't think I'd get much money for it.	If I sell my car, I don't think I'd get much money for it.
3.	3.
If Mary had known his number, she would have called him, but she doesn't.	If Mary had known his number she would have called him, but she didn't.
4.	4.
If your husband was hungry yesterday, he would have eaten something.	If your husband was hungry yesterday, he would have eaten something.
5.	5.
If you take more exercise, very probably you'll feel much better.	If you do more exercise, you'll probably feel much better.
6.	6.
If your cousin had known you were in hospital last week, he would had gone to visit you.	If your cousin had known you were in hospital last week, he would had gone to visit you.
7.	7.
If you buy new clothes, you'll be more attractive, but you are so stubborn!	If you buy new clothes, you'll be more attractive, but however you are so stubborn!
8.	8.
Do you really think I felt like walking?	Do you really think I felt like walking?
I have any money, obviously I would take a taxi back home.	I have any money, then obviously I would take a taxi home.
9.	9.
If you don't live so  far away, we'll visit you more often.	If you didn't live so  far away, we would visit you more often.
10.	10.
If you aren't careful, your car would break down soon.	If you aren't being careful, your car would break down soon.
Cuenca in a Japanesse animation.	Cuenca in a Japanesse animation.
Last weekend a friend told me he watched Cuenca in an anime.	Last weekend a friend told me he saw Cuenca in an anime.
I was interested in it, because I was born and I studied in this town.	I was interested in it because I was born in and also studied in that town.
So, I looked for it in google and I found it yesterday.	So, I searched Google for it, and I found it yesterday.
The story has place in an unreal city, but the author was inspired in Cuenca and Alarcón, a village near mine, to draw the city and the castle.	The story takes place in a fictional city, but the author was inspired by Cuenca and Alarcón, a village near mine, to draw the city and the castle.
You can watch in the video SanPablo's bridge, and the "Casas Colgadas".	You can watch in the video SanPablo's bridge, and the "Casas Colgadas".
I'm very excited with this discover and I'm sure I'm going to watch te anime.	I'm very excited with this discovery and I'm sure I'm going to watch the anime.
My job	My job
I am telecomunications engineer, and I am working in a spanish maker of digital home products (I'm not sure if the correct expression is "digital home", in Spanish is "domótica").	I am a telecomunications engineer, and I am working at a spanish maker of digital home appliances (I'm not sure if the correct expression is "digital home", in Spanish is "domótica").
I am telecomunications engineer, and I am working in a spanish maker of digital home products (I'm not sure if the correct expression is "digital home", in Spanish is "domótica").	I work as a telecomunications engineer, and currently I'm in a spanish manufacturer of digital home products
I work at software engineer department as a programmer.	I work at the software engineering department as a programmer.
I work at software engineer department as a programmer.	I work in the software engineer department as a programmer.
I program and make the proyects for the products, test them and fix them when errors are discovered.	I am in charge of programing and project management for the products,which includes testing them and fixing them when errors are discovered.
Sometimes, when I have to pass automatic sequences of testing, it is a little boring.	Sometimes, when I have to run automatic sequences of testing, it is a little boring.
Sometimes, when I have to pass automatic sequences of testing, it is a little boring.	Sometimes, when I have to run automatic sequence testing, it can be a little boring.
But I actually like my job, and I am happy because everyday I have more responsabilities.	But I actually like my job, and I am happy because everyday I have more responsibilities.
But I actually like my job, and I am happy because everyday I have more responsabilities.	Despite the tedious activities, I actually like my job, and I am happy because everyday I have more responsibilities.
I'm happy! 	I'm happy! 
I'm very happy, well...	I'm very happy, well...
I use to be a happy girl, but last Thursday I did my first exam this year at university, and I thing I did it very well.	I used to be a happy girl, but last Thursday I did my first exam for this year at university, and I think I did very well.
I hope I pass it with a good mark.	I hope I pass it with a good mark.
Also, last weekend Japan Weekend was celebrated in Madrid.	We also celebrated "Japan Weekend" in Madrid last weekend. - Feels more natural like that
It is an event about Japanesse culture, mainly manga, anime and videogames.	Itwas an event about Japanesse culture, mainly manga, anime and videogames. - The event is now finished right? So it's in the past tense. Though is is fine...
I went with my friends, all of us dressed up with black suits, as a mafia family from the manga 'Katekayo Hitman Reborn'.	I went with my friends, all of us dressed up with black suits, as a mafia family from the manga 'Katekayo Hitman Reborn'.
It was funny, we made a lot of photos.	It was funny, we took a lot of photos.
Moreover, I saw a lot of other friends I only see in this events, and I found a figure of Zidane, from Dissidia videogame, cheaper than I have seen in shops, so I bought it for my collection.	I also saw a lot of other friends that I only see in these types of events, and I found a figure of Zidane, from the videogame Dissidia, which was cheaper than I have seen in shops, so I bought it for my collection
Later, the same day, I came back to Toledo to celebrate the Carnival with acoworker and her friend.	Later the same day, I came back to Toledo to celebrate the Carnival with a coworker and her friend.
I improvised a school girl custome with some clothes I have we went to the party in the city.	I improvised a school girl costume with some clothes I have, andwe went to a party in the city.
I was surprised how many people were in the streets and in the pubs that night!	I was surprised by how many people there were in the streets and pubs that night!
But party hasn't finished for me yet, the next weekend Carnival is celebrated in my village so I hope to have more fun there!	But the party hasn't finished for me yet, next weekend Carnival is going to be celebrated in my village, so I hope to have more fun there!
St. Innocents	St. Innocents
Today in Spain is the St.	Today in Spain is the St.
Innocents Day (Día de los Santos Inocentes).	Innocents Day (Día de los Santos Inocentes).
It conmemorates when King Herodes ordered to kill all babies who are less than 2 years old in order to get rid of Jesus of Nazaret.	It commemorates the day when King Herod ordered to kill all of the babies who were less than 2 years old in order to get rid of Jesus of Nazareth.
In addition to that, this day we make jokes to other people, and also we can watch false news in the media (TV, newspapper, radio...).	In addition to that, we make practical jokes on other people, and also we can watch false news in the media (TV, newspaper, radio...).
A common joke it's to put a papper doll, like the one in the picture, in one person's back without he/she notices.	A common joke is to put a paper doll, like the one in the picture, on one person's back without he/she noticing.
We call the jokes of this day "inocentadas".	We call these jokes on this day "inocentadas".
I wish not to be today an innocent and to fell in one!	I hope today I do not become one of the victims of somebodies joke.
Medical examination	Medical examination
This morning I had my anual medical examination.	This morning I had my annual medical examination.
I know they are neccesaries, but I hate them, especially because they have to take me some blood.	I know they are neccesary, but I hate them, especially because they have to draw blood from me.
Taking me some blood is always a hell for me.	Drawing blood is always hell for me.
The veins are deep in my arms, so it is difficult, or imposible, to find them.	The veins are deep in my arms, so it is difficult, or impossible, to find them.
This time, the nurse pricked me with the needle in both arms (Is this correct?	This time, the nurse pricked me with the needle in both arms
I want to say "me pinchó con la aguja en los dos brazos"), and she removed it to find a vein with no result.	I want to say "me pinchó con la aguja en los dos brazos"), and she removed it to find a vein with no result.
Finally, she only took a very bit of blood.	Finally, drew very little blood.
Otherwise, in this moment I have a big pain on my right arm and I can't move it so much.	Otherwise, at the moment I have a big pain in my right arm and I can't move it much.
So, it hurts me a lot when I take the mouse or I move it, but I am working, therefore I have to bear it.	So, it hurts me a lot when I take the mouse or I move it, but I am working, therefore I have to bear it.
I hope I don't need more blood examinations until next year!	I hope I don't need more blood tests until next year!
Friendship	Friendship
The Unit 1 topic of my english book is about relationships, and one of the exercises is talk about friendship and if you have any "best friend".	The first topic of Unit 1 in my English book is about relationships, and one of the exercises is to talk about friendship, and if you have a "best friend".
The Unit 1 topic of my english book is about relationships, and one of the exercises is talk about friendship and if you have any "best friend".	Unit 1of my english book is about relationships, and one of the exercises is to talk about friends and if you have a "best friend".
I have a lot of friends, and I like to see them always as I can.	I have a lot of friends, and I always like to see them when I can.
I have a lot of friends, and I like to see them always as I can.	I have a lot of friends, and I like to see them as much as I can. Si te quieres referir a siempre que, ejemplo: me gusta ver a mis amigos SIEMPRE que pueda. la expresión correcta es as much as i can"
But I only consider "true friends" a very few of them, by chance this friends are who live far away and I don't see them so much, or I only talk with them by skype or email.	But I only consider a few of them to be "true friends." As it turns out that these friends live far away and I don't see them so much, or I only talk with them by Skype or email.
Therefore, I know I can always trust in them.	Therefore, I know I can always trust in them.
At the moment, I have two best friends.	At the moment, I have two best friends.
María is a childhood friend, she lives in the village I grew up, and we had met each other since we were 3 or 4 years old.	María is a childhood friend. She lives in the village I grew up in, and we have known each other since we were 3 or 4 years old.
We usually talk by phone or email because  I only go to the village once or twice at a month to spend the weekend, and because her work she never can to visit me where I live.	We usually talk by phone or email because I only go to the village once or twice a month to spend the weekend, and because of her work, she can never visit me where I live.
Zely is like a sister for me.	Zely is like a sister to me.
I met her five years ago in a book forum in the internet, and soon we started a strong frienship, we have a lot in common.	I met her five years ago in a book forum on the internet, and we soon started a strong friendship. We have a lot in common.
We don't talk as much as I would like because she studies and lives in different towns than I live, and it is more difficult to see each other, so we talk by skype as many times as we can.	We don't talk as much as I would like because she studies and lives in a different town from where I live. It is more difficult to see each other, so we talk by Skype as often as we can.
2009 ends	2009 ends
In less than 9 hours, 2009 ends.	In less than 9 hours, 2009 ends.
Now, I am thinking how the year was.	Now, I am taking a look back on the year
In January I was thinking that this year was going to be the worst of my life, for some personal reasons.	In January, I thought that this year was going to be the worst year of my life; for some personal reasons.
But in the next months, all my life changed, now I am living in a new town, Toledo.	But in the next months, my whole life changed, now I am living in a new town, Toledo.
It isn't like Madrid, and I love Madrid, but it is a beautiful old city, so quiet and comfortable to live, and I can go to Madrid whenever I want becouse it's so close to it.	Even though it isn't like Madrid, and I love Madrid, it is a beautiful old city; It is so quiet and comfortable to live, and I can go to Madrid whenever I want because it's so close.
I have a new job, and I like so much.	I also have a new job that I like so much.
I've meet a lot of new amazing people and live a lot of good moments with them.	I've meet a lot of new amazing people and had a good time with them. 
And I have so many projects for 2010, trips with friends, interesting cosplay groups, a new degree on Maths...	And I have so many plans for 2010 like: trips with friends, interesting cosplay groups, a new degree in Mathematics...
Then, I think this has been a very good year, and I hope next it's going to be better.	I think this has been a very good year, and I hope next year will be even better. 
Happy new year!	Happy new year!
Mobile phones	Mobile phones
This is an exercise of my English Student's book.	This is an exercise from my English book.
This is an exercise of my English Student's book.	This is an exercise from my English Student's book.
I've decided to make here all my writting exercises.	I've decided to do all my writing exercises here.
I've decided to make here all my writting exercises.	I've decided to write all of my exercises here.
I'm sorry if this one is too long!	I'm sorry if this one is too long!
Importance of mobile phones for Young people:	Importance of mobile phones for young people:
Importance of mobile phones for Young people:	Importance of mobile phones for young people:
I am surprised with the dependence of young people with mobile phones.	I am surprised by the dependence of young people on mobile phones.
I am surprised with the dependence of young people with mobile phones.	I am surprised by the dependence of young people on mobile phones.
I can see it very clearly in my fifteen years old cousin.	I can see it very clearly in my fifteen-year-old cousin.
I can see it very clearly in my fifteen years old cousin.	I can see it very clearly with my fifteen-year-old cousin.
She is always with her mobile, listening music, making photos, tipping messages and …do you have any word for when you call someone but you put down before they can answer?	She is always on her mobile phone, listening to music, taking photos, and texting …do you have any word for when you call someone but you hang up before they can answer?
She is always with her mobile, listening music, making photos, tipping messages and …do you have any word for when you call someone but you put down before they can answer?	She is always on her mobile, listening to music, taking photos, typing messages and …do you have any word for when you call someone, but you hang up before they can answer?
In Spain it is called “toque” (touch?) or “perdida/llamada perdida” (lost call?).	In Spain, it is called a “toque” (touch?) or “perdida/llamada perdida” (lost call?).
Of course, she hasn’t got good marks in her classes, because she is more worried by having a beautiful mobile with the last music, knowing what her friend is doing at the moment, and how she looks like when she makes a photo with her mobile camera in front of the mirror to upload it to a social network.	Of course, she hasn’t gotten good marks in her classes, because she is more worried about having a beautiful mobile phonewith the latest music, knowing what her friend is doing at the moment, and how she looks when she takes a photo with her mobile camera in front of the mirror to upload it to a social network. 
Of course, she hasn’t got good marks in her classes, because she is more worried by having a beautiful mobile with the last music, knowing what her friend is doing at the moment, and how she looks like when she makes a photo with her mobile camera in front of the mirror to upload it to a social network.	Unfortunately, she doesn't get good grades in her classes because she is more worried about having a up-to-date mobile with the latest music, knowing what her friend is doing at the moment, and seeing how she looks when she takes a picture with her mobile camera in front of the mirror to upload it to a social network.
And, when I ask her why she does that such things, she always answers me: Because everybody does it!	And, when I ask her why she does such things, she always answers me: Because everybody does it!
And, when I ask her why she does that such things, she always answers me: Because everybody does it!	And, when I ask her why she does such things, she always answers me with: "Because everybody does it!"
Moreover, I can see that young people feel isolated if they don’t have a mobile phone to keep in touch with other people.	Moreover, I can see that young people feel isolated if they don’t have a mobile phone to keep in touch with other people.
That’s a pity!	That’s a pity!
I remember when I hadn’t got a mobile and my friends and I went to look up to each other to our houses.	I remember when I hadn’t gotten a mobile yet and my friends and I went to each other's houses to see each other.
I remember when I hadn’t got a mobile and my friends and I went to look up to each other to our houses.	I remember the time when I didn't have a mobile: my friends and I went to each other's house to see each other.
That was true relationships!	Those were true relationships!
That was true relationships!	Those were true relationships!
How do you mobile phones will change in the next 5 years?	How do you think mobile phones will change in the next 5 years?
First mobiles where very big, then every company tried to make smaller mobile phones, so now you can find very small and slim ones.	First mobiles where very big, then every company tried to make smaller mobile phones, so now you can find very small and slim ones.
However, with new mobiles there is a trend toward make them with a big touch screen and with a powerful OS that permits you install a lot of applications.	However, with new mobiles there is a trend toward making them with a big touch screen and with a powerful OS that permits you install a lot of applications.
Also, if you have programming knowledge, you can develop your own application for your mobile.	Also, if you have programming knowledge, you can develop your own application for your mobile.
Moreover, you are always connected to the Internet.	Moreover, you are always connected to the Internet.
In order to this tendency, I think in the next years we’ll have a mix between computers and mobile phones.	Because of this tendency, I think in the next few years we’ll have a mix between computers and mobile phones.
They will be a touch screen, bigger than the ones we have now, and they won’t only permit us to make calls or send messages, they will be our camera and our “mini-pc”.	They will be a touch screen, bigger than the ones we have now, and they won’t only permit us to make calls or send messages, they will be our camera and our “mini-pc”.
It could be funny, but I’m not very interested in the new mobile phones technologies, and I am a telecommunications engineer.	It could be funny, but I’m not very interested in the new mobile phonetechnologies, and I am a telecommunications engineer.
However, I always prefer a smaller one with few gadgets because I only use it for make very few calls or send some messages.	However, I always prefer a smaller one with few gadgets because I only use it for making a few calls or to send some messages.
Noises	Noises
Everyday, we can hear a lot of noises.	Everyday, we hear a lot of noise.
Normally, when I wake up, I can’t hear anything, because it is very early in the morning.	Normally, when I wake up, I can’t hear anything, because it is very early in the morning.
However, some days the only sound I can hear it is the wind blowing loudly.	However, some days the only sound I can hear is the wind blowing loudly.
While I am at work, I can hear my mates speaking, whispering or laughing.	While I am at work, I can hear my co-workers speaking, whispering or laughing.
But when they all are quite, the only noise in the department it’s the tipping of every of us in our keyboards.	But when they all are quite, the only noise in the department is the typing of everyone's keyboards.
But when they all are quite, the only noise in the department it’s the tipping of every of us in our keyboards.	But when they all are quiet, the only noise in the department is all of us tapping on our keyboards.
And sometimes one of the telephones starts ringing.	And sometimes one of the telephones starts ringing.
When I am at home in the evening or night, if I pay attention I hear a lot of noises.	When I am at home in the evening or night, if I pay attention I can hear a lot of noises.
The washing machine whirring in the kitchen…or in my neighbor’s kitchen.	The washing machine whirring in the kitchen… or in my neighbor’s kitchen.
The swish of the water through the radiator.	The swish of the water through the radiator.
Online Radio	Online Radio
I use listen to music or the radio while I am working.	I usually listen to music or the radio while I am working.
If I am doing something that needs attention and I have to be concentrated on it, I prefer listen to music, because it doesn't distract me.	If I am doing something that needs attention and I have to be concentrated on it, I prefer to listen to music because it doesn't distract me.
On the other hand, if I am only running test sequences or filling in the documentation, which it is very authomatic and bored, I like listen to some radio programmes.	On the other hand, if I am only running test sequences or filling in documentation, which it is very automatic and boring, I like listen to some radio programs.
In order to take the most of this time, I've decided to listen English programmes to improve my listening, so I would be glad if you can advise me any online English radio.	In order to make the most of this time, I've decided to listen English programs to improve my listening, so I would be glad if you could recommend a good online English radio program. 
Allergy	Allergy
When I was a baby, I had an allergy reaction to penicillin, so I've never taken any medicament with this component ever since.	When I was a baby, I had an allergic reaction to penicillin, so I've never taken any medication  with this component ever since.
Because that happens a long time ago, I decided to take the allergy tests to check if I'm still allergic to penicillim.	Because that happened a long time ago, I decided to take the allergy tests to check if I'm still allergic to penicillin.
This mornig, after five hours of tests in the Allergology Hospital and no reaction to the medicament even after taken it twice, the doctor has determinated I'm not allergic to penicillim.	This morning, after five hours of tests in the Allergology Hospital and no reaction to the medicine even after having taken it twice, the doctor has determined  that I'm not allergic to penicillin.
I'm glad with the result, because it's a component very common in many antibiotics, and now if I'm ill I can take it with no worries.	I'm glad with the result, because it's a component very common in many antibiotics, and now if I'm ill I can take it with no worries.
Vacation	Vacation
This year, as last one, I have to take vacations in August, because my company will close for three months.	This year, just like last year, I have to take my vacations in August, because my company will close for three months.
This year, as last one, I have to take vacations in August, because my company will close for three months.	This year, just like last year, I have to take my vacation in August because my company will close for three months.
I don't like to have vacations in August, even though I'd prefered it in September to travel with my parents.	I don't like to have vacations in August,I'd prefer that they were in September so that I could travel with my parents.
I don't like to have vacations in August, even though I'd prefered it in September to travel with my parents.	I don't like to have my vacation in August. I'd prefer that it to be in September so that I could travel with my parents.
In August neither my parents or friends cantake vacations, so the only option I have it's stay in my bored village.	Neither my parents nor my friends can take their vacations in August, so the only option I have is to stay in my boring village.
In August neither my parents or friends cantake vacations, so the only option I have it's stay in my bored village.	Neither my parents nor my friends can take their vacations in August, so the only option I have is to stay in my boring village.
However, this summer I am planning go abroad for an English course.	However, this summer I am planning togo abroad for an English course.
However, this summer I am planning go abroad for an English course.	However, this summer I am planning to go abroad for an English course.
I want to go to Canada for two or three weeks to study English, meet people and visit the city (Toronto or Vancouver...	I want to go to Canada for two or three weeks to study English, meet people, and visit the city (Toronto or Vancouver...
I don't decide yet what of them to choose...)	I haven't decide yet which of them to choose...)
I don't decide yet what of them to choose...)	I haven't decided yet which one of them to choose...)
This days I am looking for courses and I want to make a decision in a couple of weeks.	These days I am looking for courses and I want to make a decision in a couple of weeks.
This days I am looking for courses and I want to make a decision in a couple of weeks.	These days I am looking for courses. I want to make a decision in a couple of weeks.
It would be the first time that I am going for a foreign country alone and more than a weekend!	It would be the first time that I am going for a foreign country alone and formore than a weekend!
It would be the first time that I am going for a foreign country alone and more than a weekend!	It would be my first time going to a foreign country alone and for more than a weekend!
(I accept recomendations of places or courses :D )	(I accept recommendations for places or courses :D )
(I accept recomendations of places or courses :D )	(I accept recommendations for places or courses. :D )
Cosplays for this year	Cosplays for this year
I love to dress up as manga, anime or videogames characters.	I love to dress up as manga, anime or videogames characters.
So, I used to go dress up with a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid about comic, manganime or japanesse culture with my friends.	So, I used to go dressed up as a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid about comic, manganime or japanese culture with my friends.
So, I used to go dress up with a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid about comic, manganime or japanesse culture with my friends.	So, my friends and I would go dressed up with a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid for comics, manga/anime or Japanese culture.
For this year I have two projects for two cosplay groups and I am very excited with them.	For this year I have two projects for two cosplay groups and I am very excited about them.
For this year I have two projects for two cosplay groups and I am very excited with them.	For this year I have two projects with two different cosplay groups; I am very excited with both of them.
The first one is a Sailor Mercury costume.	The first one is a Sailor Mercury costume.
I love this character since I was a child, but I had never found people for a group until now, and I didn't want to go alone.	I have loved this character since I was a child, but I had never found people for a group until now, and I didn't want to go alone.
I love this character since I was a child, but I had never found people for a group until now, and I didn't want to go alone.	I loved this character ever since I was a child, but I had never found people for a group until now, and I didn't want to go alone.
The second it is the most difficult costume I want to make.	The second is the most difficult costume I want to make.
The second it is the most difficult costume I want to make.	The second will be the most difficult costume that I want to make.
My friends and I are preparing a Final Fantasy Dissidia group, I am going to dress up as Zidane.	My friends and I are preparing a Final Fantasy Dissidia group, I am going to dress up as Zidane.
This character is a boy, so I am going to do somethig for hide my breast!	This character is a boy, so I am going to have to do something to hide my breasts!
But it is my favourite character in this game, and I want to take part in a perfomance at the Expomanga Cosplay competition with them.	But he is my favorite character in the game, and I want to take part in a perfomance at the Expomanga Cosplay competition with them.
I am worried because I don't know how to sew, so I am going to need a lot of help, but I want to try and do my best.	I am worried because I don't know how to sew, so I am going to need a lot of help, but I want to try and do my best.
However, the Zidane's swords are going to be made by a friend who is an artist with this such of things.	However, Zidane's swords are going to be made by a friend who is an artist and works with such things.
However, the Zidane's swords are going to be made by a friend who is an artist with this such of things.	However, Zidane's swords are going to be made by a friend who is an artist with these sort of things.
I have seen other swords he has made before and they are amazing!	I have seen other swords he has made before and they are amazing!
At this moment, I have only started searching wigs in ebay.	At this moment, I have only started searching wigs on ebay.
At this moment, I have only started searching wigs in ebay.	At this moment, I have just started searching for wigs on Ebay.
I have found some that are perfect for both cosplays, so I am going to buy them in a few days.	I have found some that are perfect for both cosplays, so I am going to buy them in a few days.
Uff, when I think all things I have to learn and made in the next months, they stress me out!	Uff, when I think all things I have to learn and make in the next months, they stress me out!
Uff, when I think all things I have to learn and made in the next months, they stress me out!	Uff, when I think of all the things I have to learn and make in the upcoming months, they really stress me out!
Listening Vaughan Radio	Listening Vaughan Radio
This morning, I've started to listening Vaughan Radio.	This morning I started to listen to Vaughan Radio. orThis morning I've started listening to Vaughan Radio.
The programs of this radio are only English classes for Spanish people.	The programs offered by this radio station are only English classes for Spanish people.
They are speaking in English all the time, and sometimes they make someexplanations in Spanish.	They only speak in English with occasional explanations in Spanish.
I am surprised, because I understand what they are talking about clearly.	I am surprised because I clearly understand what they are talking about. .
I am also happy because it is Friday and the weekend starts, so I haven't go to work.	I am also happy because it is Friday and the weekend starts now, so I don't have to go to work.
Despite of this, I have to study because I start my university exams in two weeks.	Despite this, I have to study because I start my university exams in two weeks.
Therefore, I like a lot what I am studying.	Therefore, I like a lot what I am studying.
Only I am going to do a break for going to the sales.	I am only going to have a break to check out all of the sales.
I want to see a friend and buy a jumper.	I want to see a friend and buy a jumper.
I'm get a cold.	I'm get a cold.
Today I am feeling so ill.	Today I am feeling very sick.
I think I got a cold the last weekend.	I think I caught a cold last weekend.
Yesterday I become feeling bad, but today it is worst.	Yesterday I started feeling bad, but today it is worse.
Despite of this, I've came to work, and this evening my best friend visites me, because she's come back to Spain from Zurich only for Christmas holidays.	Despite of this, I've came to work, and this evening my best friend is going to visit me, because she's come back to Spain from Zurich for the Christmas holidays.
And tomorrow early in the morning I have to drive 2 hours to come back home to spend Christmas Night with family and frinds.	Tomorrow early in the morning I have to drive 2 hours to come back home to spend Christmas Night with family and frinds.
This minds party...	This minds party...
a big party!	a big party!
I'm going to be on bed all friday and saturday if I don't  die before!	I'm going to be in bed all Friday and Saturday if I don't  die before then!
Don't know what to write...	Don't know what to write...
I've just noticed that I haven't written since last year.	I've just noticed that I haven't written since last year.
I want to write everyday, but sometimes I don't know what to write, and others, when I start to write I find difficults because I don't know how to say something and I don't finish it.	I want to write everyday, but sometimes I don't know what to write. Other times, when I start to write, I don't know how to say something and I don't finish it.
I want to write everyday, but sometimes I don't know what to write, and others, when I start to write I find difficults because I don't know how to say something and I don't finish it.	I want to write everyday, but sometimes I don't know what to write. Other days, when I start to write, I find it difficult because I don't know how to say something and I don't finish it.
I think I need to study more and to learn more vocabulary.	I think I need to study more and learn more vocabulary.
I think I need to study more and to learn more vocabulary.	I think I need to study more and learn more vocabulary.
I usually watch films and series in english with subtitles.	I usually watch films and series in English with subtitles.
I usually watch films and series in english with subtitles.	I usually watch films and series in English with subtitles.
Now I am watching Lost, and I think I could understand the most part without subs.	Now I am watching Lost, and I think I could understand most of it without subs.
Now I am watching Lost, and I think I could understand the most part without subs.	Now I am watching the series entitled "Lost" and I think I can understand for the most part without the subtitles.
I am tired, so I am going to dinner and watch one Lost episode before go to bed	I am tired, so I am going to have dinner and watch one Lost episode before I go to bed.
I am tired, so I am going to dinner and watch one Lost episode before go to bed	I am tired, so I am going to dinner and then I will watch one episode of "Lost" before go to bed.
It is so interesting!.	It is so interesting!
And, I have one question, what is it the difference between "town" and "city"?	I have one question though, what is it the difference between a "town" and a "city"?
And, I have one question, what is it the difference between "town" and "city"?	I also have one question, what is it the difference between "town" and "city"?
Three Wise Men	Three Wise Men
Three Wise Men	Three Wise Men
January 6th is the Three Wise Men Day.	The Three Wise Men Day is celebrated on the 6th of January.
It conmemorates the day when they arrived to Belen to give Jesus gold, incense and myrrh.	It commemorates the day the Three Wise Men arrived in Bethlehem to bring Jesus gold, incense and myrrh.
In Spain, the evening before (today evening), there is a procession of the Three Wise Man and parents with their children go to see them.	In Spain, on the evening before the Three Wise Men Day, a procession of the Three Wise Man is held and parents would bring their children with them to watch the procession .
In Spain, the evening before (today evening), there is a procession of the Three Wise Man and parents with their children go to see them.	In Spain, on the evening before Three Wise Men Day, there is a procession of the Three Wise Men that parents bring their children go to see .
It's tradicional that all children go early to bed tonight, and when they wake up tomorrow they found the gifts that the Three Wise Men have brought to them.	 Traditionally, children would go to bed early on this night , and when they wake up the next day they would find gifts that the Three Wise Men brought them.
It's tradicional that all children go early to bed tonight, and when they wake up tomorrow they found the gifts that the Three Wise Men have brought to them.	Traditionally, children go to bed early that night and upon waking up the next day they would find the gifts that the Three Wise Men had brought them.
I always like this day, moreover, it's my grandmother's birthday, and she invites the whole family to have lunch in her house.	I have always liked this day, and it also happens to be my grandmother's birthday, and she would always invite the whole family to have lunch in her house.
I always like this day, moreover, it's my grandmother's birthday, and she invites the whole family to have lunch in her house.	I have always liked this day, and it also happens to be my grandmother's birthday, and she always invites the whole family to have lunch at her house.
She always cook paella, the best paella in the world!	She would always cook paella, which is the best paella in the world!
She always cook paella, the best paella in the world!	She always cooks paella, the best paella in the world!
But this year I am working today, so I can not go to my town.	But I have to work on this day this year , so I can not return to my town.
But this year I am working today, so I can not go to my town.	But this year I have to work on this day, so I cannot returnto my home town.
I'm a little sad for that.	I'm a little sad because of that.
I'm a little sad for that.	I'm a little sad because that.
However, tonight I go to have dinner with my coworkers and later we are going to have party.	However, tonight I am going to have dinner with my coworkers and afterwards we are going to party.
However, tonight I go to have dinner with my coworkers and later we are going to have party.	However, tonight I am going to have dinner with my coworkers and afterwardswe are going to have a party.
I hope a funny Wise Men Night.	I hope that I'll have fun on Wise Men Night.
I hope a funny Wise Men Night.	I hope to have a fun Wise Men Night.
Trying	Trying
Just trying to write some words.	Just trying to write some words.Or - Just trying to write something.
Just trying to write some words.	Just trying to write something .
Sometimes I think I'll never learn English.	Sometimes I think I'll never learn English.
It`'s so difficult to understand to me.	It`'s so difficult for me to understand .
It`'s so difficult to understand to me.	It`'s so difficult to understand for me.
I only understand English when the speaker speaks while he's looking to my eyes	I only understand English when the person speaking to me looks me in the eyes.
I only understand English when the speaker speaks while he's looking to my eyes	I can only understand English when the speaker looks me in the eyes.
I don't know why.	I don't know why.
How much I study	The more I study
How much I study, how much I think I know nothing.	The more I study, the more I think I know nothing.
How much I study, how much I think I know nothing.	The more I study,the more I realizeI know nothing.
I love grammar, I love all those wide books on grammar.	I love grammar, I love all those thick grammar books .
I love grammar, I love all those wide books on grammar.	I love all those wide books on grammar.
When I lived in London I used to spend many hours in bookshops reading books on grammar.	When I lived in London I used to spend many hours in bookshops reading books on grammar.
Before coming back to Spain, I bought Practical English Usage.	Before coming back to Spain, I bought the book "Practical English Usage."
Before coming back to Spain, I bought Practical English Usage.	Before coming back to Spain, I bought a book on Practical English Usage.
I think one of my best buys.	I think one of my best purchases.
I think one of my best buys.	I think it was one of my best buys.
Cherry Pudding	Cherry Pudding
The last week, I bought Cherry Pudding in a Food Store, in the area of Chicago.	Last week, I bought Cherry Pudding at a store in Chicago.
After that, when I was walking to my house, a dog bites my leg.	After that, when I was walking to my house, a dog bit my leg.
Actually, I have one leg.	Actually, I onlyl have one leg.
Is an example text, I hasn't one leg	That's just an example sentence, I don't actually have one leg only.
my opinion about a danish tale "The princess of the coffin"	my opinion about a danish tale "The princess of the coffin"
guys i will be thankfull if you can help me with this writting.	guys i will be thankfull if you can help me with this writting.
I've just read the danish tale "The princess of the coffin".	I've just read the danish tale "The princess of the coffin".
It is a different way to view a tale.	It is a different way to view a tale.
This tale is nothing compared with the occidental classic literature, maybe because those tales is about danish florkclore.	This tale is nothing compared with the occidental classic literature, maybe because those tales is about danish folklore.
The author is unknown but a certain fact is that tale was told from generation to generation.	The author is unknown but a certain fact is that tale was told from generation to generation.
"The princess of the coffin" is rich in descriptions and easy to read.	"The princess of the coffin" is rich in descriptions and easy to read.
It has a beautiful content in subtle descriptions and behaviors of the characters.	It has a beautiful content in subtle descriptions and behaviors of the characters.
I love the way the history is told.	I love the way the history is told.
It is a mixture of mistery, fantasy and rarety.	It is a mixture of mistery, fantasy and rarity.
Profile Ingles	Profile Ingles
Hello!!	Hello!!
My name is Ruben, I'm from spain, I like so much learn languages, nowadays I am studing Japanese and improving my English.	My name is Ruben, I'm from spain, I like learning languages so much, nowadays I am studing Japanese and improving my English.
I would like to meet a lot of people from many countries.	I would like to meet a lot of people from many countries.
I love to travel for all world.	I love travelling around the whole world.
If you want to learn spanish, I can help you.	If you want to learn spanish, I can help you.
Write me soon :D	Write me soon :D
This is my diary	This is my diary
Well in this moment Iam receiving English classes I would like to improve my English, because in this way I wiill possibly pass the opossition.	Well this moment I am receiving English classes I would like to improve my English, because this way I will possibly pass the exam.
That is all.	That is all.
higt capacity	high capacity
In my didacty unit I am goig to speak to a student  with high capacipy the best way to integrate him in class is giving reinforcement material or tutoring him to other students.	In my didactic unit I am going to talk about a student with high capacity and the best way to integrate him in the class by giving him reinforcement materials or by tutoring other students.
He doesn´t need curricular adaptation only to work in his field of interest.	He doesn´t need curricular adaptation, he only needs to work in his field of interest.
Hello everyone	Hello everyone
Hello everyone	Hello everyone
My name is Alberto.	My name is Alberto.
I'm twenty seven years old and I 'm from Spain.	I'm twenty seven years old and I 'm from Spain.
I would like to learn english because it is a very interesting and useful idiom	I would like to learn Ｅnglish because it is a very interesting and useful idiom.
I hope that you can help me and if anyone needs help with Spanish, I can help with any questions you have.	I hope that you can help me and if anyone needs help with Spanish, I can help with any questions you have.
See you later!	See you later!
THE LEGACY OF MY MATERNAL GRANDFATHER.	THE LEGACY OF MY MATERNAL GRANDFATHER.
I always have wanted to know to my maternal grandfather.	I have always wanted to know my maternal grandfather.
I always have wanted to know to my maternal grandfather.	I have always wanted to know about my maternal grandfather.
I always have wanted to know to my maternal grandfather.	I always wanted to know my maternal grandfather.
Only I have some paintings his.	Only I have some paintings of his.
Only I have some paintings his.	I only have some paintings of his.
Only I have some paintings his.	I have some of his paintings .
He must have been a great painter, besides of a great father.	He must have been a great painter besides a great father.
He must have been a great painter, besides of a great father.	He must have been a great painter, as well as a great father.
He must have been a great painter, besides of a great father.	He must have been a great painter besides being a great father.
My mom told me about him, she said me that my grand father must have loved to me, but when I was a little baby my grandfather died of heart attack.	My mom told me about him. She said me that my grandfather must have loved me, but when I was a little baby my grandfather died of heart attack.
My mom told me about him, she said me that my grand father must have loved to me, but when I was a little baby my grandfather died of heart attack.	My mom told me about him. She told me that my grandfather must have loved me, but when I was a little baby my grandfather died of heart attack.
My mom told me about him, she said me that my grand father must have loved to me, but when I was a little baby my grandfather died of heart attack.	My mom told me about him,  She told me that my grand father loved me. Unfortunately, when I was a little baby my grandfather died of a heart attack.
In this moment think that he may be live.	Now, imagine that he might still be alive.
In this moment think that he may be live.	At times I wish that he would still be living.
He might have smoked a little less; this could have made the difference.	If he smoked a little less, it could have made the difference.
He might have smoked a little less; this could have made the difference.	If he might have smoked a little less,it might have made a difference.
Doesn´t matter now, may be nevertheless that his dead being a legacy of life for my.	It doesn't matter now. Maybe his death will be a legacy for my life.
Doesn´t matter now, may be nevertheless that his dead being a legacy of life for my.	It doesn´t matter now, it may be that his legacy to me is his life.
In spite of all, we must have had a very good relationship.	In spite of all, we may have had a very good relationship.
In spite of all, we must have had a very good relationship.	If he had lived longer, I know that we would have had a very good relationship.
He might have learned to me to paint beautiful paintings as he, while both take a cup of coffee together.	He might have taught me to paint beautiful paintings as he did, while we both drank coffee together.
He might have learned to me to paint beautiful paintings as he, while both take a cup of coffee together.	He might have taught to me to paint beautiful paintings as he was able to do.  Together we would both have a cup of coffee as we painted.
I must imagine that my grandfather had a lot of patience for painting and therefore might have patient for to teach me.	I imagine that my grandfather had a lot of patience for painting and therefore might have been patient enough to teach me.
I must imagine that my grandfather had a lot of patience for painting and therefore might have patient for to teach me.	I imagine that my grandfather had a lot of patience for painting.  I have no doubt that he would have the patience to teach me.
I like me drawing, may be because to my grandfather too like made it.	 I like drawing, maybe because my grandfather was also so artistic.
I like me drawing, may be because to my grandfather too like made it.	I like drawing, maybe because my grandfather also enjoyed it.
His paintings are relaxing and deep.	His paintings are relaxing and deep.
To my brother Oswaldo too like his paintings and he (my brother) may have learned with me to draw, he must be agree.	My brother Oswaldo also likes his paintings. We agree that our grandfather might have taught both of us to draw.
To my brother Oswaldo too like his paintings and he (my brother) may have learned with me to draw, he must be agree.	My brother, Oswaldo, also liked grandfather's paintings.  My brother probably would have learned to draw with me, as I'm sure he would agree.
Besides, my grandfather too was a good cook.	My grandfather also was a good cook.
Besides, my grandfather too was a good cook.	Also, my grandfather was a good cook.
He could prepare a lot of delicious meals.	He could prepare a lot of delicious meals.
He taught to my mom and uncles to cook food of much places from Mexico, then my grandfather was young he was a cook in the marine forces, there may have learned different meals throughout the years and miles around the country.	He taught my mom and uncles to cook the food from many places in Mexico. When my grandfather was young, he was a cook in the marine forces where he must have learned to cook many different meals over his years and travel around the country.
He taught to my mom and uncles to cook food of much places from Mexico, then my grandfather was young he was a cook in the marine forces, there may have learned different meals throughout the years and miles around the country.	He taught my mom and uncles to cook food from places such as Mexico.  When my grandfather was young, he was a cook in the marine forces.  There he learned to cook different meals during the years and over the distances he traveled around the country.
Curiously to me too like to cook, even tough I´m not so good, but I think that when my mother prepare a meal or food for me and for my brothers, my grandfather maybe present with us.	Curiously, I like to cook even though I'm not very good at it. I think that when my mother prepares a meal for my brothers and I, my grandfather must be with us in spirit.
Curiously to me too like to cook, even tough I´m not so good, but I think that when my mother prepare a meal or food for me and for my brothers, my grandfather maybe present with us.	Curiously, I also like to cook, even though I´m not very good.  I think that when my mother prepares a meal for me and for my brothers, my grandfather maybe present with us in spirit.
Finally I could think that my grandfather continue living in his paintings and the meals that tough to prepare to my mom and uncles.	I think that my grandfather continues to live through his paintings and meals that my mom and uncles cook.
Finally I could think that my grandfather continue living in his paintings and the meals that tough to prepare to my mom and uncles.	Finally, I think that my grandfather continues to live in his paintings and in the meals that he taught my mom and uncles to prepare..
He must feel proud of this, and I admire his life.	He must feel proud of this,  I admire his life.
They think that I'm the youngest!!!!	They think that I'm the youngest!!!!
Hello!	Hello!
Today I went to the grocery with my mommy (I'm always with my mommy).	Today I went to the grocery with my mommy (I'm always with my mommy).
And the saleswoman told to us "so..	And the saleswoman said to us "so..
she is your youngest daughter?".	she is your youngest daughter?".
And my mommy said to her "No..	And my mommy said to her "No..
she is the older, she is 15 years old".	she is the eldest, she is 15 years old".
The saleswoman felt embarrased but she wasn't so embarrased as me.	The saleswoman felt embarrased but she wasn't as embarrased as me.
I don't know why but everybody thinks that I'm younger.	I don't know why but everybody thinks that I'm young.
In the school the teachers say to me "Hey!	In the school the teachers say to me "Hey!
what are you doing here?	what are you doing here?
(in the high school area) Girl, go to your area please."..."Excuse me teacher but I'm in high schoolm in first semester"..."What?	(in the high school area) Girl, go to your area please."..."Excuse me teacher, but I'm in high school, I'm in the first semester"..."What?
But...	But...
you are so..	you are so..
small?, Well sorry." 	small?, Well sorry." 
I don't know why, I have classmates whom are more small than me and nobody get confuse with their age.	I don't know why, I have classmates whom are more smaller than me and nobody gets confused with their age.
It's ok.	It's ok.
I like to be confused xD.	I like to confuse people xD.
I can get privileges.	I can get privileges.
For example, the salesman in the ice cream's shop sold to me first xD.	For example, the salesman in the ice cream's shop sold to me first xD.
He says "Hey, first the little girl xD".	He says "Hey, first the little girl xD".
Or I can play games only for children and nobody will say "What a odd girl!" xD	Or I can play games only for children and nobody will say "What an odd girl!" xD.
It's good.	It's good.
But it maybe will not be in a few years.	But maybe it will not be in a few years.
Thanks for reading this weird thing.	Thanks for reading this weird thing.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Somebody help me please!!!! 0w0	Somebody help me please!!!! 0w0
Why?	Why?
Why anybody wants to correct my entries?	Why doesn't anybody want to correct my entries?
Hello!	Hello!
T_T I've been waiting all the day!	T_T I've been waiting all day!
(I know!	(I know!
I'm a little dramatic!) but I have a little time to learn well english T_T because my classes starts in fifteen days!!	I'm a little dramatic!) but I have a little time to learn english well T_T because my classes start in fifteen days!!
I'm a little dramatic!) but I have a little time to learn well english T_T because my classes starts in fifteen days!!	I'm a little dramatic!) but I have too little time to improve my English T_T because my classes start in fifteen days!!
O__o And I'm a little nervous for the high school!	O__o And I'm a little nervous for high school!
O__o And I'm a little nervous for the high school!	O__o And I'm a little nervous because of high school!
It's my first semester.	It'll be my first semester.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day!	Have a nice day!
Good luck!	Good luck!
I'm Hungry!!! 0=( >_< )=0	I'm Hungry!!! 0=( >_< )=0
It's too earlier and I'm hungry T__T.	It's too earlier and I'm hungry T__T.
In our refrigerator we don't have food prepared and I don't know how to cook.	In our refrigerator we don't have food prepared and I don't know how to cook.
I think I need to learn how to cook.	I think I need to learn how to cook.
My mom doesn't let me learn because she thinks that I'll burn myself.	My mom doesn't let me learn because she thinks that I'll burn myself.
I'm a little distracted.	I'm a little distracted.
T_T I want food!	T_T I want food!
Something like scrambled eggs or fried eggs with rice (I love rice!) though fried eggs with rice were my last dinner.	Something like scrambled eggs or fried eggs with rice (I love rice!) though fried eggs with rice were my last dinner.
But I'm hungry!!!	But I'm hungry!!!
T_T I can't stop to think in food T_T and I don't wanna.	T_T I can't stop to think in food T_T and I don't wanna.
I would like some ice cream u.	I would like some ice cream u.
u.	u.
I hope my mom make for the breakfast some eggs with rice or with ham.	I hope my mom make for the breakfast some eggs with rice or with ham.
What do you want for breakfast?	What do you want for breakfast?
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Hello! Hello!!!! A lalalala ♫☺♪♫ ( >___<)	Hello! Hello!!!! A lalalala ♫☺♪♫ ( >___<)
Lately, I hear the same song time after time.	Lately, I hear the same song time after time.
I think that I started to be crazy or something like that.	I think that I started to be crazy or something like that.
In this weekend, from my computer I have lived many things (I'm not the kind of person who always go outside for take a ride).	In this weekend, from my computer I have lived many things (I'm not the kind of person who always go outside for take a ride).
For a strange reason I have a magnet of silly people.	For some strange reason I have a magnet of silly people.
(I hope that "silly" won't be a strong word).	(I hope that "silly" won't be a strong word).
My only friends, aren't my friends anymore.	My only friends, aren't my friends anymore.
We have different opinions.	We have different opinions.
Why Can't I found someone like me?	Why can't I find someone like me?
Well, just a little?	Well, just a little?
Someone who accepts me like as I am.	Someone who accepts me as I am.
What is the problem with the youth in day?	What is the problem with the youth today?
They only think in the same things.	They only think the same things.
Have they born with a instructive?	Are they born with instructions?
or what is their problem?	Or what is their problem?
(I'm generalizing just for the people who is around me).	(I'm generalizing just for the people who are around me).
I know I'm pretty weird because my parents have educated me with principles and values.	I know I'm pretty weird because my parents have educated me with principles and values.
My parents told me that I have to respect myself first.	My parents told me that I have to respect myself first.
In other words, I'm not a liberal person.	In other words, I'm not a liberal person.
At the school, the classmates tell me that I think like a Grandmother and I'm fifteen years.	At school, my classmates tell me that I think like a Grandmother and I'm fifteen years old.
I'm a old girl just because I want to study more.	I'm an old girl just because I want to study more.
They think that my life is something like "Less fun, more work".	They think that my life is something like "Less fun, more work".
That's not true!	That's not true!
I have fun.	I have fun.
Is just that I don't need alcohol or high music to feel fun.	It's just that I don't need alcohol or high music to have fun.
I enjoy to the old music.	I enjoy the old music too.
The good music.	The good music.
I enjoy to learn a new word everyday.	I enjoy learn(ing) a new word everyday.
I would like to travel.	I would like to travel.
I like to travel and visit museums or weird places.	I like to travel and visit museums or weird places.
I need to stop to writing.	I need to stop to writing.
Sorry, I get excited.	Sorry, I get excited. 
Thanks for reading this entry	Thanks for reading this entry
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
I love radio!! o( >_< )0 	I love the radio!! o( >_< )0 
I love it because I can learn new things about the world.	I love it because I can learn new things about the world.
I can hear the popular music, the news and some curiosities.	I can hear the popular music, the news and some curiosities.
xD I love to listen the radio at the night for two reasons.	xD I love to listen to the radio at the night for two reasons.
There is two radio stations, one of them the announcer (locutora) speaks in English, and sometime I can understand and others I have to investigate the things.	There are two radio stations. On one of them the announcer speaks in English, and some times I can understand and others I have to investigate to figure out what she says.
There is two radio stations, one of them the announcer (locutora) speaks in English, and sometime I can understand and others I have to investigate the things.	There are two radio stations, on one of them the announcer speaks in English, and sometimes I can understand, but sometimes I have to investigate the things that are said.
The second reason is for the music, the music in the night is in other languages like English o German, and they play 60's-90's music.	The second reason I listen is for the music. The music played at night is in other languages like English or German. They also play 60's-90's music.
The second reason is for the music, the music in the night is in other languages like English o German, and they play 60's-90's music.	The second reason is for the music, the music in the night is in other languages, like English and German, and they play 60's-90's music.
I love that kind of music xD I don't know why but I love it.	I love that kind of music xD I don't know why, but I love it.
I'm listening a radio station called exa.	I'm listening a radio station called exa.
fm (it is on Internet too).	fm (it is on Internet too).
They are playing some weird music.	They are playing some weird music.
The weirdest is that I'm singing xD.	The weirdest part is that I'm singing along xD.
The weirdest is that I'm singing xD.	The weirdest thing is that I'm singing xD.
My family watch me in a weird way when I sing.	My family gives me odd looks when I sing.
My family watch me in a weird way when I sing.	My family watches me in a weird way when I sing.
It's ok.	It's ok.
My voice is awful.	My voice is awful.
And the most part of time I can't pronounce the words but I do my best  effort.	And the for the better part of the time I can't pronounce the words but I do my best effort.
And the most part of time I can't pronounce the words but I do my best  effort.	And the most part of time I can't pronounce the words, but I do my best.
I really want to learn.	I really want to learn.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
What kind of music do you like?	What kind of music do you like?
or What kind of music do you listen?	or What kind of music do you listen to?
or What kind of music do you listen?	or What kind of music do you listen to?
Can you answer that question?	Can you answer that question?
The big wager?	The big challenge?
Hello!	Hello!
I'm happy now!	I'm happy now!
I still sick but I'm happy.	I'm still sick but I'm happy.
I have a big wager, well not so big.	I have a big challenge... well, not so big.
I will try to answer an English book of 130 pages in five days.	I will try to answer an English book of 130 pages in five days.
I have to translate the book too.	I have to translate the book too,
So this is gonna be interesting.	so this is gonna be interesting.
What am I gonna win with this?	What am I gonna win from this?
Many things like personal satisfaction (I will feel more happy with me), an ice cream and I will learn more.	Many things like personal satisfaction (I will feel more happy with myself), ice cream, and I will learn more.
I hope I will make the best than I can!	I hope I can do my best!
And good luck for me!	And good luck for me!
Thanks for reading this odd entry	Thanks for reading this odd entry.
I have a question, What is the difference between "odd" and "weird"?	I have a question: What is the difference between "odd" and "weird"?
When I have to use them?	When do I have to use them?
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Tuesday, August 23rd, 2011 	Tuesday, August 23rd, 2011 
I'll write all the things I did in that day.	I'll write all the things I did that day.
I woke up at 05:20 am.	I woke up at 5:20 a.m.
When I'll start classes in a new school I get nervous so I woke up early.	When I start classes in a new school I get nervous, so I wake up early.
Next, I walked about 16 blocks to arrive to school.	Next, I walked about 16 blocks to get to school.
Well, I arrived to school and I had to wait one hour.	Well, I arrived at school and I had to wait one hour.
I went of my house about 06:30 a.m. and I made thirty minutes by foot.	I left my house at about 6:30 a.m. and I got there in thirty minutes by foot.
But my brother and sisters have to arrive to school at 7 o'clock and I have to be there at 8 o'clock.	My brother and sisters have to get to school at 7 o'clock and I have to be there at 8 o'clock.
The first class I had was Informatique, I have a women teacher of Informatique.	The first class I had was Informatique. My teacher was a woman.
In that first class she told us all the classroom rules and she made us a diagnostic evaluation.	In that first class, she told us all the classroom rules and gave us a diagnostic test.
The second class I had was Chemistry ( I love chemistry), in this class we have a woman teacher too.	The second class I had was Chemistry. I love chemistry, and in this class we had a woman teacher, too.
She told us about the biggest scientist of the century XX.	She told us about the greatest scientist of the 20th century.
The third class was the Redaction and Reading Workshop (taller), the teacher (woman) told us an anecdote about her daughter.	The third class was the Redaction and Reading Workshop (taller), and the teacher (also a woman) told us an anecdote about her daughter.
And she give us a class about the Language Circuit.	She gave us a lesson on the Language Circuit.
The fourth class was Math (I love math), the teacher is always tired and she treated to us like a elementary school children.	The fourth class was Math. I love math, but the teacher is always tired and she treated us like elementary school children.
She is an old teacher.	She is an old teacher.
The fifth class I had was TV Class, we will learn about TV.	The fifth class I had was TV Class, where we will learn about TV.
The sixth class was ethics and values.	The sixth class was ethics and values.
The teachers let to us about 8 homeworks.	The teachers gave us about 8 pieces of homework.
I know is a little, but I have to walk so much and I get tired easily	I know it's not much, but I have to walk so much and I get tired easily.
Thanks for reading this entry	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
-__- Hello!	-__- Hello!
September 16th	September 16th
Tonight will be a crazyness or something like that.	Tonight will be a crazyness or something like that.
Into a few hours will be September 16th.	Into a few hours will be September 16th.
A good date for mexican people ¿why?	A good date for mexican people ¿why?
Because tonight they will celebrate (I say "they" because I won't go) the independence of Mexico.	Because tonight they will celebrate (I say "they" because I won't go) the independence of Mexico.
The independence of Mexico were about two hundred years ago, 1810 (eighty-ten) to be exactly.	The independence of Mexico were about two hundred years ago, 1810 (eighty-ten) to be exactly.
So...	So...
tonight the president will play the bell, make us to remember that important night.	tonight the president will play the bell, make us to remember that important night.
Something weird...	Something weird...
Thanks for reading this.	Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
I was lost (T^T)	I was lost (T^T)
I'm in a new city so I have to learn the name of the streets and avenues.	I'm in a new city so I have to learn the names of the streets and avenues.
Today I went with my mommy to the mall.	Today I went with my mommy to the mall.
It is near from my house.	It is near my house.
And we have been lost just for a few minutes.	And we were lost just for for just a few minutes.
I was very scared because I'm afraid of the dogs.	I was very scared because I'm afraid of the dogs.
There was so many dogs and I can saw a Dalmatian.	There was so many dogs and I can saw a Dalmatian.
I love that kind of dogs they are so sweet and bigs.	I love that kind of dogs they are so sweet and big.
My favorite race of dogs are "San Bernardo" (I don't know how is the name of English) this dogs are brown with white, and they are so big and tender.	My favorite race of dogs are "San Bernardo" (I don't know what is the name in English) These dogs are brown with white, and they are so big and tender.
There is a famous dog of this race his name is "Beethoven" (I know is a odd name for a dog).	There is a famous dog of this race his name is "Beethoven" (I know is a odd name for a dog).
This dog has 6 films.	This dog has 6 films.
The other race of dogs that I love are the "Golden".	The other race of dogs that I love are the "Golden".
I love big dogs but they scaring me!!!	I love big dogs but they scaring me!!!
Is something weird.	Is something weird.
The good news, is that we found our home xD.	The good news, is that we found our home xD.
And I learned the name of three streets.	And I learned the name of three streets.
Hi! can you help me with my english?	Hi! can you help me with my english?
Hello!	Hello!
I found this page because a I need to learn english, because i have some problems in my english class so i'm looking for english courses.	I found this page because I need to learn English, and because I have some problems in my English class so I'm looking for English courses.
I found this page because a I need to learn english, because i have some problems in my english class so i'm looking for english courses.	I found this page because I need to learn English and I have some problems in my English class so I'm looking for English courses.
First, i don't know how to use this page, not long ago i found another page smart.	First, I don't know how to use this page, not long ago I found another page smart.
First, i don't know how to use this page, not long ago i found another page smart.	I don't know how to use this site and not long ago I found another site, smart.
fm , but now that page is for pay and i don't have money.	fm , but now that page is for pay and I don't have money.
fm , but now that page is for pay and i don't have money.	fm , but now you have to pay for that one and I don't have money.
So i'm desperate, somebody can give me an advice?	So I'm desperate, somebody can give me an advice?
So i'm desperate, somebody can give me an advice?	So I'm desperate. Can somebody give me advice?
please!?	please!?
Thanks for your attention.	Thanks for your attention.
Thanks for your attention.	Thanks for your time .
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
What's the meaning of	What's the meaning of
What is the meaning of "some orange noses"?	What is the meaning of "some orange noses"?
Thanks n.	Thanks n.
n	n
I'm back *~* 	I'm back *~* 
Hello!	Hello!
Here is 11:00 p.m. At the last week I've been studying hard!	It's 11:00 p.m here. For the last week I've been studying hard!
I'm making my best!	I'm trying my best!
At the last few days I've been have some troubles with my internet connection.	For the last few days I've been having some trouble with my internet connection.
So I couldn't write here in Lang-8.	So I couldn't write anything here on Lang-8.
I really wanted to write but I couldn't.	I really wanted to write but I couldn't.
It's okay, because now I'm here.	It's okay, because now I'm here.
And I'm ready to write.	And I'm ready to write.
The only problem is that I don't know what to write exactly.	The only problem is that I don't know what to write exactly.
I have a question!!!	I have a question!!!
When I have to use "opposite" and "in front of"?	When should I use "opposite" and "in front of"?
I know is a odd question but I've been confused with a English book.	I know it's a odd question, but I've been confused by an English book.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Stuck in the middle!! (Atascada en el medio) 	Stuck in the middle!! (Atascada en el medio) 
I  have noticed that I have entries who nobody wants to correct.	I  have noticed that I have entries who nobody wants to correct.
Maybe I have so much mistakes.	Maybe I have so many mistakes.
Or the people don't see me.	Or people don't see them.
Anyway, thanks to the people who corrects me and helps me to get better my English.	Anyway, thanks to the people who correct me and help me to better my English.
It's a little difficult for me to write things, specially in English because in my school I don't have the correct English education.	It's a little difficult for me to write things, specially in English because in my school I don't have adequate English education.
They are learning the alphabeth right now and the days of the week.	They are learning the alphabet right now and the days of the week.
I live in a place where the students says stuff like "I don't like English" or "The English isn't important".	I live in a place where the students say stuff like "I don't like English" or " English isn't important".
For me it is important because I want to learn it.	For me it is important because I want to learn it.
I want to make something good in my life.	I want to do something good in my life.
I love  eyeglasses! 0=( >o_o<)=0	I love  eyeglasses! 0=( >o_o<)=0
Hello!	Hello!
I like the glasses!	I like the glasses!
Since I was a little girl.	Since I was a little girl.
I always told to my mommy "Mommy!	I always told my mommy "Mommy!
mommy when I grow up I'll use glasses!	mommy when I grow up I'll use glasses!
They are so cool!" ( I know I'm a little crazy xD).	They are so cool!" ( I know I'm a little crazy xD).
And my mom just smiled me xD.	And my mom just smiled me xD.
So, we have a good proverb (refrán) "Take care of that you wish because It can be realized".	So, we have a good proverb (refrán) "Take care of that you wish because It can be realized".
And that proverb is so true!!!	And that proverb is so true!!!
xD Because now I use glasses!!!	xD Because now I use glasses!!!
My doctor said to me that I needed glasses xD because I have myopia in the left eye and I have astigmatism in the right eye.	My doctor said to me that I needed glasses xD because I have myopia in the left eye and I have astigmatism in the right eye.
She says (my doctor)  I can use contact glasses but NO!	She said (my doctor) I can use contact glasses but NO!
I hate the contact glasses.	I hate the contact glasses.
Is just the idea of have something inside my eye makes me feel fear.(afraid?).	Is just the idea of have something inside my eye makes me feel fear.(afraid?).
But I love the glasses, I was in the glasses' shop and I saw the most pretty eyeglasses xD	But I love the glasses, I was in the glasses' shop and I saw the most pretty eyeglasses xD
with a black shell!	with a black shell!
I love it!	I love it!
Do you like glasses?	Do you like glasses?
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
To take a walk is healthy! (>__<)=d	To take a walk is healthy! (>__<)=d
Over now, I will walk more.	Over now, I will walk more.
For two reasons.	For two reasons.
The first one is because it's good for the health!	The first one is because it's good for the health!
The second reason is because my new school is on sixteen blocks from my house.	The second reason is because my new school is sixteen blocks from my house.
It's the nearest school.	It's the nearest school.
And the supermaket is about 10 blocks over here.	And the supermaket is about 10 blocks over here.
So I will walk because I have to walk.	So I will walk because I have to walk.
I didn't walk since one year.	I didn't walk since one year.
I always went out to take a walk because I lived near from a park.	I always went out to take a walk because I lived near from a park.
The botanical park was in front of my house.	The botanical park was in front of my house.
But now I live in another city and the park is near from my house.	But now I live in another city and the park is near from my house.
It is ten blocks from here.	It is ten blocks from here.
(over here?) .	(over here?) .
I was searching on Internet and I found the benefits of take a walk.	I was searching on Internet and I found the benefits of taking a walk.
They are many.	There are many.
* It helps to control the weight.	* It helps to control the weight.
* Improvement the blood circulation.	* Improves blood circulation.
* Avoids the cardiacs problems.	* Helps to avoid cardiac problems.
* Helps to the digestion.	* Helps digestion.
* Acts like a hungry suppressor	* Acts as a hunger suppressor
* Maintains the bones healthy and strong, helping to straighten them.	* Maintains bone health and strength, helping to straighten them.
* Eliminates tensions and concerns.	* Eliminates tensions and concerns.
* Prevent breathing problems.	* Prevents breathing problems.
* Deletes the fat.	* Deletes the fat.
* Tonify the thighs, calf and hip muscles.	* Tones the thigh, calf, and hip muscles.
* Improvement the peripheral vision.	* Improvement the peripheral vision.
* Increases the level of endorphins.	* Increases the level of endorphins.
The endorphins are the natural soothing produced by the body.	The endorphins are the natural soothing produced by the body.
* Promotes the system immunity.	* Promotes the system immunity.
* Helps to grow up.	* Helps growth.
Well, with those benefits of course I will walk more.	Well, with those benefits of course I will walk more.
I want to grow up!!	I want to grow!!
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
I'm gonna have lunch!	I'm gonna have lunch!
I'm happy again xD (I'm always happy xD well, except when nobody corrects me here T__T).	I'm happy again xD (I'm always happy xD well, except when nobody corrects me here T__T).
Hello!	Hello!
Today i'm gonna eat flour "gorditas", the "gorditas" is a typical mexican food, it can be of corn (maíz) or it can be of flour.	Today i'm gonna eat flour "gorditas", the "gorditas" is a typical mexican food, it can be of corn (maíz) or it can be of flour.
The gorditas can has inside many stews.	There are different kinds of fillings inside the Gorditas
And they are so yummy!	They are so yummy!
xD.	xD.
My mommy and I bought gorditas for all the family.	My mommy and I bought gorditas for the whole family.
We just bought some because we don't know if they have good tastes.	We just bought some because we don't know if they have good tastes.
(For some strange reason I'm always with my mommy xD).	(For some strange reason I'm always with my mommy xD).
Well, we bought gorditas of beans, of cheese, of meat in red sauce, gorditas of meat in sauce green 0w0, of pressed chicharron and others 0w0.	Well, we bought gorditas of beans, of cheese, of meat in red sauce, gorditas of meat in sauce green 0w0, of pressed chicharron and others 0w0.
I'm so hungry (I'm always hungry xD).	I'm so hungry (I'm always hungry xD).
Also we will eat spagetti with cheese (I love cheese too).	 We will also eat spaghetti with cheese (I love cheese too).
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Good-Bye!	Good-Bye!
Here is 00:11 a.m. 	Here is 00:11 a.m. 
I'm tired and my eyes close down themselves.	I'm tired and my eyes close down themselves.
T__T I'm happy that I'm on vacations so I can stay awake all the night but tonight I can't T_T I feel pretty tired!.	T__T I'm happy that I'm on vacations so I can stay awake all the night but tonight I can't T_T I feel pretty tired!.
So I'll go to bed.	So I'll go to bed.
Good night to everybody!	Good night to everybody!
Have a nice day tomorrow!	Have a nice day tomorrow!
I'm gonna count sheeps!	I'm gonna count sheeps!
God bless you!	God bless you!
Thanks for reading this entry oh and thanks for the correction.	Thanks for reading this entry oh and thanks for the correction.
Bye-bye	Bye-bye
I got a new hair cut!!	I got a new hair cut!!
I like to use long hair!	I used to like long hair!
But I said to myself "Stop!	But I said to myself "Stop!
I hate how looks my hair!!	I hate how my hair looks!!
I will cut my hair!!" So I said to my mommy "Mommy!	I will cut my hair!!" So I said to my mommy "Mommy!
mommy!	mommy!
I don't like how it looks.	I don't like how it looks.
Come on!	Come on!
Can you take me to a hairdresser, please?" and she said to me "Of course, I think I need a hair cut too".	Can you take me to a hairdresser, please?" and she said to me "Of course, I think I need a hair cut too".
So we went to the hairdresser and we got a hair cut.	So we went to the hairdresser and we got a hair cut.
My hair cut is a little weird.	My hair cut is a little weird.
I had little layers and it still long.	It has little layers and it's still long.
But I will cut my fringe by myself.	But I will cut my bangs by myself.
I always make experiments with my fringe.	I always make experiments with my bangs.
My hair cut make me looks like an emo u.	My hair cut make me looks like an emo u.
u xD	u xD
But I love it I feel better.	But I love it I feel better.
My autoestima is better	My self-esteem is better
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice night!	Have a nice night!
A nightmare ( > ^ <)!!!	A nightmare ( > ^ <)!!!
I had a nightmare the last night!	I had a nightmare last night!
It was a little weird because my nightmare was in another language.	It was a little weird because my nightmare was in another language.
I dreamed that I was outside my house and someone hit a boy with his car (atropelló).	I dreamt that I was outside my house and someone hit a boy with his car (atropelló).
I dreamed that I was outside my house and someone hit a boy with his car (atropelló).	I dreamt that I was outside my house and someone ran over a boy with his car (atropelló).
The boy was about 16 to 20 years old.	The boy was about 16 to 20 years old.
The boy was hurt he was bleeding.	The boy was hurt, he was bleeding.
The boy was hurt he was bleeding.	The boy was hurt and he was bleeding.
So I get close to him and I pressed into the wound.	So I got close to him and I pressed a convenient wad of cloth Αit's a dream after allΩ into the wound.
So I get close to him and I pressed into the wound.	I got close to him and I pressed onto the wound.
For stop the bleed.	To stop the bleeding.
For stop the bleed.	To stop the bleeding.
Some people started to look us.	Some people gathered around the scene & started to stare at us.
Some people started to look us.	Some people started to stare.
So I said to them "Call an ambulance, please" but I said that in Spanish (this is the most weird part of my nightmare).	So I said to them "Call an ambulance, please" but I said that in Spanish (this is the weirdest part of my nightmare).
So I said to them "Call an ambulance, please" but I said that in Spanish (this is the most weird part of my nightmare).	I told them, "Call an ambulance, please," in Spanish. (this is the weirdest part of my nightmare).
No one understood me because they only spoke English.	No one understood me because they only spoke English.
After the ambulance and the police came.	Then the ambulance and the police came.
After the ambulance and the police came.	After the ambulance and the police came,
The ambulance take to the boy and carry him to the hospital.	The ambulance loaded the boy into itself and carried him to the hospital. ΑWell now! An ambulance that can tend to injured people by itself... What a dream!Ω
The ambulance take to the boy and carry him to the hospital.	they took the boy to the hospital.
But something was wrong!!	But something was wrong!!
The police though that I was a killer or something like.	The police thought that I was a killer or something .
And they believed that I hurt to that boy.	And they believed that I hurt the boy.吨
And they believed that I hurt to that boy.	And they believed that I injured that boy.
And I told them how were the facts.	So I told them what actually happened,
But they just speak and speak and speak in English, but they speak so fast.	But they just spoke and spoke and spoke in English, they spoke so fast I could not understand them.
But they just speak and speak and speak in English, but they speak so fast.	but they just kept talking and talking and talking in English. They spoke so fast.
I was so scared.	I was so scared.
Fortunately, it was just a nightmare.	Fortunately, it was just a nightmare.
Lately, I have nightmares about foreing languages.	Lately, I have nightmares about foreign languages.
Lately, I have nightmares about foreing languages.	Lately, I have been having nightmares about foreign languages.
Thanks for reading this entry!	Thanks for reading this entry!
Have a nice day and sweet dreams!!!	Have a nice day, and sweet dreams!!!
Today is a warm day (>_<) 	Today is a warm day (>_<) 
Waaaaa...	Waaaaa...
Here is so warm!!	It is so warm here!!
Here is so warm!!	It's so warm here
We are about 45°C or 113°F ( I'm not good with the convertions u.	It is about 45°C or 113°F (I'm not good with conversions u.
We are about 45°C or 113°F ( I'm not good with the convertions u.	It's about 45°C or 113°F ( I'm not good with the conversions u.
u).	u).
Where I live it's one of the hottest places  of Mexico, because i'm living near from the desert.	Where I live it's one of the hottest places in Mexico, because I'm living near the desert.
Where I live it's one of the hottest places  of Mexico, because i'm living near from the desert.	I live in one of the hottest places in Mexico, because I live near the desert.
And it's awful because I hate the sun (The sun is not my friend u.	It's awful because I hate the sun (The sun is not my friend u.
u).	u).
But i don't like the cold places.	But I don't like cold places.
But i don't like the cold places.	But I don't like the cold places either.
I prefer the temperate weather, specially when it rains n.	I prefer temperate weather, especially when it rains n.
n.	n.
But, What can  I do on this hot day?	But, what can I do on this hot day?
But, What can  I do on this hot day?	But what can I do on a day this hot
There so many things that I can do like drink water with ice cubes or coke-cola with ice cubes  (I love coke-cola), I can buy some ice cream (i want Oreo's ice cream!!!), also i can take a cold shower.	There so many things that I can do like drink water with ice cubes or Coca-Cola with ice cubes (I love Coca-Cola). I can buy some ice cream (I want Oreo's ice cream!!!), or I can take a cold shower.
There so many things that I can do like drink water with ice cubes or coke-cola with ice cubes  (I love coke-cola), I can buy some ice cream (i want Oreo's ice cream!!!), also i can take a cold shower.	There are many things I could do like drink water with ice, coke-cola with ice (I love coke-cola), I could buy some ice cream (i want Oreo ice cream!!!), or I could also take a cold shower.
That's a good idea.	That's a good idea.
I want some fruit with hot sauce u.	I want some fruit with hot sauce u.
u 	u 
Well, thanks for read this.	Well, thanks for reading this.
Well, thanks for read this.	Well, thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day xD	Have a nice day xD
I'm so happy! o=( >_< )=o	I'm so happy! o=( >_< )=o
Hello!	Hello!
Today I'm happy because my family and I found a new house.	Today I'm happy because my family and I found a new house.
In another city near from here.	In another city near to here.
I only saw the house outside, but it doesn't matter how it is inside because we can fix it.	I only saw the outside of the house, but it doesn't matter how it is inside because we can fix it.
This new house is near from some high schools so maybe I'll have to walk at the school.	This new house is near some high schools so maybe I'll have to walk at the school.
It's ok.	It's ok.
I love to take a walk.	I love to take a walk.
The city is a little small and quiet.	The city is a little small and quiet.
I'm happy and a little worried because the classes will start on  August 15th.	I'm happy and a little worried because the classes will start on  August 15th.
I have a question for you:	I have a question for you:
When have I to use "little", "bit"  and "few"?	When have I to use "little", "bit"  and "few"?
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have fun!	Have fun!
Don't Worry Be Happy! ♫♪♫♪ 0=( > o < )=o ♪♫♪♫♪♫♪ 	Don't Worry Be Happy! ♫♪♫♪ 0=( > o < )=o ♪♫♪♫♪♫♪ 
I was just sitting here opposite my computer and I remember a song.	I was just sitting here opposite my computer and I remember a song.
That song make me in somewhat feel happy.	That song made me feel happy in some way.⃍
Don't worry be happy.	Don't worry be happy.
I need to be positive.	I need to be positive.
Some people say; if you are a positive person, you will attract the good luck.	Some people say; if you are a positive person, you will attract good luck.d
I believe in that kind of things because there make you happy.	I believe in these kind of things because they make you happy.
Some benefits of be positive are:	Some benefits of being positive are:
* Allows to make the threats in opportunities.	* Allows to make the threats in opportunities.
* Brings serenity.	* Brings serenity.
* Increases the physical-mental resistence and helps to increase the courage in tragic situations.	* Increases the physical-mental resistence and helps to increase courage in tragic situations.
* Increases the self-esteem and the feeling of secure in oneself.	* Increases self-esteem and the feeling of security in oneself.>
* Enriches the relationships.	* Enriches relationships.
* The positivism impulse	* The positive impulse
* The positive people are more happy.	* These positive people are happier.
Well, the benefits or be positive are infinites.	,Since the benefits of being positive are infinite
So we have to stay happy and positives.	We have to stay happy and positive.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day !!	Have a nice day !!
I'm sick!! 	I'm sick!! 
I have fever, cough and flu!!	I have a fever, cough and flu!!
I don't like to be sick.	I don't like to be sick.
I have three days in this state.	I've been in this state for three days.
I have to drink an awful tea.	I have to drink an awful tea.
Oregano's tea.	Oregano tea.
I hate it.	I hate it.
And I have to take a lot of pills.	And I have to take a lot of pills.
And I love chocolate cookies.	And I love chocolate cookies.
My activity in Lang-8 is not enough in this moment.	I'm not active enough on Lang-8 at the moment.
Tomorrow I can't go to school.	Tomorrow I can't go to school.
I don't want to go tomorrow.	I don't want to go tomorrow.
My nose hurts.	My nose hurts.
All my body hurts.	All my body hurts.
Can you give an advice for this situation?	Can you give some advice for this situation?
It's only for practice my English.	It's only for practicing my English.
Yesterday I ate a lemon with sugar.	Yesterday I ate a lemon with sugar.
Also I have a sore throat so I have to delete the inflammation in my throat.	Also, I have a sore throat so I have to take something to lessen the inflammation in my throat.
Thanks for reading this.	Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
I'm so sad T_T	I'm so HAPPY! :D
No one want's to read, correct or comment my others entries T_T	No one wants to read, correct, or comment my other entries
why?	why?
why?	why?
why?	why?
I'm bored.	I'm bored.
I feel so alone T_T and anybody want to talk T_T with me in the facebook or in the messenger T_T.	I feel so alone, and nobody wants to talk to me on facebook or on the messenger T_T.
Why?	Why?
I need some help with French	I need some help with French
Hello!	Hello!
I need some help with these phrases.	I need some help with these phrases.
I want to translate them to the English but I don't know if I'm right or wrong.	I want to translate them to the English but I don't know if I'm right or wrong.
Could you help me?	Could you help me?
You are so nice.	You are so nice.
The spring days are a little cold.	Correct
I'm gonna make a diary! n.n	I'm gonna make a diary! n.n
Hello!	Hello!
I'm pretty tired.	I'm pretty tired.
I really  wanna go to sleep the couch is waiting for me.	I really wanna go to sleep. The couch is waiting for me.
Today i went to the stationery and I bought I wonderfull ecologic notebook and two draw's pencils.	Today I went to the stationery store and I bought a wonderful ecologic notebook and two drawing pencils.
My ecologic notebook is awesome for two things.	My ecologic notebook is awesome for two things.
First, It's ecologic that's means that i'm an ecologic girl because I give some help to the planet.	First, it's ecologic. That means that I'm an ecologic girl because I'm helping the planet.
Second, because this notebook says my name and my name is pretty weird in my country.	Second, because this notebook says my name and my name is pretty unusual in my country. "Weird" is okay, too, but I assume that you mean it's hard to find your name on things that typically have names on them. In this case, I would say "rare" or "unusual".
I love it.	I love it.
I bought two draw's pencils because my sister is an artist, well she loves to draw anime's characters.	I bought two drawing pencils because my sister is an artist, well she loves to draw anime characters.
She's so good drawing also my brother I am the only one in my family who cant draw well.	She's so good at drawing. My brother is too. I am the only one in my family who can't draw well.
After the stationery my mom and I went to the chicken's restaurant and we bought chicken for the dinner.	After the stationery store my mom and I went to the chicken restaurant and we bought chicken for dinner.
The chicken was so small, so we had to buy enchiladas, rice and an avocado sauce, that sauce was so chilli.	The chicken was so small, so we had to buy enchiladas, rice and an avocado sauce. That sauce was so chilli.
I love avocado sauce.	I love avocado sauce.
In the afternoon I tried to study french, but i'm not good at all.	In the afternoon I tried to study French, but I'm not good at it at all.
Today is another day, it's a specially day "my brother's birthday" so i'm happy	Today is another day, it's a special day: my brother's birthday, so I'm happy.
Thanks for reading this entry	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day	Have a nice day!
Is there anybody at home? ♪♪♪(>o<)♪ 	Is there anybody home? ♪♪♪(>o<)♪ 
Hello!	Hello!
I have waiting all the day xD.	I have been waiting all day xD
To find somebody to help me with my previous entries.	for somebody to help me with my previous entries.
I know that I have many problems in my entries.	I know that I have many problems in my entries
And I want to know what I have wrong.	and I want to know what I have done wrong.
If I know my what are errors I can study them and get better.	If I know what my errors are, then I can study them and get better.
The title is for two reasons.	The title is for two reasons.
I'm listening a song which says "Is there anybody at home?	I'm listening to a song which says "Is there anybody home?
Who want's to have just for love me?" I know it's a weird song.	Who wants to have me, just to love me?" I know it's a weird song.
And I really want to know if is there anybody at home?	And I really want to know if is there anybody home?
(with "home" I'm refering to Lang-8).	(with "home" I'm refering to Lang-8).
And truth be told I feel a little alone because everybody at home (less me) are sleeping.	Truth be told, I feel a little lonely because everybody at home ( except for me) is sleeping.
I'm here listening weird music and trying to write a entry.	I'm here listening to weird music and trying to write a entry.
Well, thank you so much for read this entry and please, make a good action and see one of my previous entries.	Well, thank you so much for reading this entry and please, make a good action and see one of my previous entries.
Thanks and have a nice day.	Thanks and have a nice day.
Good Morning world!	Good Morning world!
How are you?	How are you?
I hope you're fine.	I hope you're fine.
I'm ready to start my day!	I'm ready to start my day!
Here is 06:12 a.	Here it is 06:12 am.
m and I'm awake because I can't sleep anymore.	and I'm awake because I can't sleep anymore.
My back hurts xD because I've asleep a lot so I need to go out for a walk but I can't because It's too earlier and the sun isn't go out.	My back hurts xD because I've slept a lot so I need to go out for a walk, but I can't because it's too early and the sun isn't out yet.
So It's dark outside.	So It's dark outside.
Everybody is sleeping on my house.	Everybody in my house is sleeping.
I need to keep quiet.	I need to keep quiet.
Today I'll do some things, my father will arrive at home soon and he'll take us for a trip in the city, we'll look for a house because we want to move out of here.	Today I'll do some things, my father will arrive at home soon and he'll take us for a trip in the city, we'll look for a house because we want to move out of here.
So that part of the day will be so tired, specially because I'm a very sensitive.	That part of the day will be so tiring, especially because I'm very sensitive.
And when my dad's car turns around I get dizzy.	And when my dad's car turns around I get dizzy.
After that, I will try to study a little more  or maybe I'll have not the time for study.	After that, I will try to study a little more or maybe I'll not have the time to study.
Or maybe my dad not comes today.	Or maybe my dad won't come today.
In that case I will study hard and watch some t.	In that case I will study hard and watch some t.
v.	v.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Double numbers at the clock!  ( u ^ u )	Double numbers at the clock!  ( u ^ u )
Have you ever seen in you clock "12:12"?	Have you ever seen your clock when it shows "12:12"?
The people says that see this kind of numbers (double numbers) you will have good luck!	People say that seeing these kind of numbers (double numbers) will bring you good luck!
Or maybe someone is thinking of you!	Or maybe someone is thinking of you!
I don't know if this is true or false because I saw that kind of numbers at the time!!	I don't know if this is true or false because I see that kind of numbers all the time!!
In the supermaket, in the car, in my computer, in everywhere!!!	In the supermaket, in the car, in my computer, in everywhere!!!
xD 	xD 
Some people says that is something psycological I don't know but is funny!	Some people says that is something psycological I don't know but is funny!
I like to think that I'm gonna have luck or someone is thinking on me xD (althought I think that isn't good, some people I don't like me (no les caigo bien) ) But It's ok.	I like to think that I'm gonna have luck or someone is thinking on me xD (althought I think that isn't good, some people I don't like me (no les caigo bien) ) But It's ok.
Is something positive.	Is something positive.
For some strange reason I like to believe in weird things.	For some strange reason I like to believe in weird things.
Thanks for reading this weird entry.	Thanks for reading this weird entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Some traslations: English to Spanish! ( >_<)	Some traslations: English to Spanish! ( >_<)
Woah!	Woah!
Today I'm gonna make translations, just some because my understanding is not so good.	Today I'm gonna make translations, just some because my understanding is not so good.
But I'm trying to see, ¿How can I do this?, because I only speak Spanish and a little English, and it's more usual that people know the English but the Spanish is a little different.	But I'm trying to see, ¿How can I do this?, because I only speak Spanish and a little English, and it's more usual that people know the English but the Spanish is a little different.
I hope you can help me.	I hope you can help me.
1) Cynical  Seeing little or no good in other people, believing that people do good things for bad reasons.	1) Cynical  Seeing little or no good in other people, believing that people do good things for bad reasons.
2) Eccentric Having strange, unusual or abnormal habits or tastes; this term is less insulting than strange, weird or bizarre.	2) Eccentric Having strange, unusual or abnormal habits or tastes; this term is less insulting than strange, weird or bizarre.
3) Egotistical Thinking too highly of oneself, considering oneself better than others.	3) Egotistical Thinking too highly of oneself, considering oneself better than others.
4) Imaginative  Creative, having much imagination.	4) Imaginative  Creative, having much imagination.
5) Indecisive  Unable to decide quickly, not knowing what choice to make	5) Indecisive  Unable to decide quickly, not knowing what choice to make
6) Picky Hard to please, too careful in choosing something.	6) Picky Hard to please, too careful in choosing something.
7) Sensible Practical, reasonable, something that makes sense.	7) Sensible Practical, reasonable, something that makes sense.
8) Sensitive Easily feels emotion, easily hurt emotionally can be positive or negative.	8) Sensitive Easily feels emotion, easily hurt emotionally can be positive or negative.
9) Sophisticated Representing high culture, very experienced in life.	9) Sophisticated Representing high culture, very experienced in life.
10) Thoughtful Often doing things to make other people feel good.	10) Thoughtful Often doing things to make other people feel good.
Thanks for reading this.	Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
I'm happy!!! o=(* - *)=o 	I'm happy!!! o=(* - *)=o 
I'm happy!!!	I'm happy!!!
o=(* - *)=o 	o=(* - *)=o 
Today i'm very happy for two reasons.	Today I'm very happy for two reasons.
First reason is August 13rd and this number is of good luck for me.	The first reason is that it's August 13rd and this number is my lucky number.
First reason is August 13rd and this number is of good luck for me.	First reason is that it is August 13th and this number is good luck for me.
The second reason I'm in my new house (wiiii), we are trying to clean everything and we have the weather is so hot in this moment we are about 35°, the temperature is okay but we are moving the furnitures, and we are unpacking (desempacando).	The second reason is I'm in my new house (wiiii), we are trying to clean everything but the weather is so hot. Right now it's about 35°, the temperature is okay but we are moving the furniture, and we are unpacking (desempacando). Take care not to let your sentences get too long, it's called a "run-on sentence" and it's sloppy.
The second reason I'm in my new house (wiiii), we are trying to clean everything and we have the weather is so hot in this moment we are about 35°, the temperature is okay but we are moving the furnitures, and we are unpacking (desempacando).	The second reason is that I'm in my new house (wiiii), we are trying to clean everything and the weather is so hot, it is about 35° right now, the temperature is okay but we are moving furniture , and we are unpacking (desempacando).
Is so hot here but it's fine because we are in a new house and today is gonna be a good day.	It's so hot here but it's fine because we are in a new house and today is gonna be a good day.
Is so hot here but it's fine because we are in a new house and today is gonna be a good day.	It is so hot here but it's fine because we are in a new house and today is gonna be a good day.
Our new house need some adjustements and will be perfect.	Our new house needs some adjustments and then it will be perfect.
Our new house need some adjustements and will be perfect.	Our new house needs some adjustments and it will be perfect.
Pon! pon! pon! pon! Yay! 0( >_<)=0 ------0=( *¬* )0	Pon! pon! pon! pon! Yay! 0( >_<)=0 ------0=( *¬* )0
Hello!	Hello!
I'm  happy but I don't know why.	I'm  happy but I don't know why.
I have a stomach pain, a sorethroat and a lot of cough.	I have a stomach pain, a sorethroat and a lot of cough.
I have a dog's cough (mexican expression).	I have a dog's cough (mexican expression).
It hurts T__T all my body hurts!!	It hurts T__T all my body hurts!!
But I still happy!	But I still happy!
Yesterday have rained.	Yesterday have rained.
I love the rain!	I love the rain!
It's awesome because just yesterday I said to a friend "If tonight is raining, tomorrow will be a good day" I said that because here is no common to rain (I'm in a kind of desert).	It's awesome because just yesterday I said to a friend "If tonight is raining, tomorrow will be a good day" I said that because here is no common to rain (I'm in a kind of desert).
And maybe today will be a good day (oh my stomach!!!).	And maybe today will be a good day (oh my stomach!!!).
It really hurts.	It really hurts.
Thanks for reading this short entry xD	Thanks for reading this short entry xD
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Can you help me?	Can you help me?
Hey!	Hey!
What's the correct way of write the next phrase:	What's the correct way of writing the following sentence?
"What time does the Anthropology museum close?	"What time does the Anthropology museum close?
or What time does the Anthropology museum closes?"	or What time does the Anthropology museum close?"
Thanks and have a nice day.	Thanks and have a nice day.
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.. ☻=( > v < )=☼ 	waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.. ☻=( > v < )=☼ 
I'm so nervous and happy.	I'm so nervous but happy.
Tomorrow I'll start the classes.	Tomorrow my classes will start.
My vacations are finished.	My vacations are finished.
I'll start the high school, first semester.	I'll start the high school, first semester.
I'm happy because I missed the school, the classes, my classmates' scream.	I'm happy because I missed the school, the classes, my classmates' scream.
Tomorrow will be a busy day.	Tomorrow will be a busy day.
I need to look for the uniforms.	I need to look for the uniforms.
Search the books.	Search the books.
Make my homework and other things.	Make my homework and other things.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Oh my sweet little sister ( <_<)o►	Oh my sweet little sister ( <_<)o►
I'm a little bored.	I'm a little bored.
My sister is sitting beside me, she is a little crazy (just like me) I'm gonna introduce to you to my little sister.	My sister is sitting beside me. She is a little crazy (just like me) . I'm gonna introduce to you my little sister.
My sister nickname is Suigintou, she likes anime specially the dark characters.	My sister's nickname is Suigintou, she likes anime , especially the dark characters.
She is 12 years old.	She is 12 years old.
Her brithday is on December 11th.	Her brithday is on December 11.
(In this moment she is crying, she can't believe that I remember her date of birth, the truth is that I guess the date).	( At this moment she is crying because she can't believe that I remember her date of birth, the truth is that I only guessed the date ).
My sister is single, well that is what everybody in my house believe but I'm not sure (she's so different to me and that's good).	My sister is single, well, that is what everybody in my house believe but I'm not sure (she's so different to me and that's good).
My sister is a student in the junior high school.	My sister is a student in the junior high school.
What else can I say about her?	What else can I say about her?
She likes to draw, she draws very well but she is a little lazy.	She likes to draw, she draws very well but she is a little lazy.
I have to admit that she will kill me when I end this entry.	I have to admit that she will kill me when I end this entry.
She looks me in a odd way like a serial murder.	She looks at me in an odd way like I am a serial murderer .
She's trying to learn English so she listens English music, specially metal music.	She's trying to learn English so she listens English music, specially metal music.
When she sings she scared me because she doesn't pronounce any word she just scream in a weird way.	When she sings, she scared me because she doesn't pronounce any word , she just scream in a weird way.
Oh somebody come to save me please...	Oh somebody come to save me please...
In this moment we are sharing the computer.	Right now, we are sharing the same computer.
So I'm torturing to her with my music, and she draws and sings Mika's song in a metal way.	I'm her music tutor, and she draws and sings Mika's song in a metal way.
Now she is laughing.	Now she is laughing.
Thanks for reading this entry about my only sister.	Thanks for reading this entry about my only sister.
We hope that you'll have a wonderful day!	We hope that you'll have a wonderful day!
I can't write anything (T^T)	I can't write anything (T^T)
I don't know why but in the last few days my mind is in white.	I don't know why but in the last few days my mind is blank.
I can't write anything.	I can't write anything.
I tried to choose a subject about to write but I can't.	I tried to choose a subject to write about but I can't.
I really want to write something but the ideas don't get to my mind.	I really want to write something but I can't get any ideas .
Today my Internet is so slowly.	Today my Internet connection is so slow.
I don't know why it is so slow.	I don't know why it is so slow.
I just know that I need to fix my computer u.	I just know that I need to fix my computer
u and try to  write more in English.	and try to write more in English.
I'm afraid of clowns  ( >_> )-------------(>o<)	I'm afraid of clowns  ( >_> )-------------(>o<)
Well, my scared started with the movie "Esso The Evil Clown" (I don't know the real name).	Well, my fear started with the movie "Esso The Evil Clown" (I don't know the real name).
I was really scared for the movie ( though I saw the movie in the day).	I was really scared when I watched the movie ( even though I saw the movie in the day).
That's the first reason, the second is because when I was a little girl (of seven years) my mother disguised  me (me disfrazó) and my costome was about a clown, with balloons and other things that I can't remember (or I can't write u.	That's the first reason, the second is because when I was a little girl (of seven years) my mother disguised me (me disfrazó) as a clown, with balloons and other things that I can't remember (or I can't write u.
u It's something embarrased).	u because It's something embarrassing).
I don't like the clowns because I can't see well his face.	I don't like clowns because I can't see their faces well
And their voice is a little weird.	and their voice is a little weird.
They just freak me out.	They just freak me out.
T__T 	T__T 
( T ^ T ) I'm so tired!	( T ^ T ) I'm so tired!
I wonder why I'm so tired!	I wonder why I'm so tired!
( I wonder, why am I so tired?) 	( I wonder, why am I so tired?) 
The last few days I felt so tired.	Recently I have felt so tired.
All my body hurts specially my back and legs.	All of my body hurts, especially my back and legs.
I don't want to sleep.	I don't want to sleep.
If I sleep I feel more tired.	If I sleep I feel more tired.
I don't know why but every day I feel worst.	I don't know why but every day I feel worse.
I've been taking some vitamins they tastes bad.	I've been taking some vitamins. They taste bad.
Before, I took vitamins for my bones xD.	Before, I took vitamins for my bones xD.
I think I need to eat more n.	I think I need to eat more n.
n	n
Maybe I will feel better tomorrow.	Maybe I will feel better tomorrow.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Cancer Horoscope!!!! 0( >_<)¬!!!!	Cancer Horoscope!!!! 0( >_<)¬!!!!
Hello!	Hello!
Well, I don't believe in these kind of things (the most part of time).	Well, I don't believe in these kinds of things for the most part.
But I want to learn more English and I have to write many things.	But I want to learn more English and I have to write many things.
So today I'll write about my today's horoscope.	So today I'll write about my horoscope for today.
Well, I born on July 12th so I'm cancer.	Well, I was born on July 12th so I'm cancer.
My today's horoscope says "Emotionally mightn't have a better attitude, because you have so much security in yourself, you know that you got to do and you have taked the necessary impulse for get your dreams.	My horoscope for today says "Emotionally, you couldn’t have a better attitude, because you have so much confidence in yourself. You know what you have to do and you have taken the necessary steps toward making your dreams come true.
When people look at you they know that you know what are you doing, your advices always will be heard and you will be an example for other people.	When people look at you they know that you know what are you doing, your advice always will be heard and you will be an example for other people.
At the work, a shiny day is waiting for you.	At work, a bright day is waiting for you.
Everything will look like magic act because you'll solve all your problems as if them were the easiest things in the world.	Everything will look like a magic act because you'll solve all your problems as if they were the easiest things in the world.
You will find solutions for the hardest problems, and you'll act with wisdom just in the right time.	You will find solutions for the hardest problems, and you'll act with wisdom at just the right time.
At the love, your relationship will get better.....	As for your love, your relationship will get better.....
(seriously, my horoscope says aweful things about love I don't want to write.	(seriously, my horoscope says awful things about love I don't want to write.
It's embarrased)	It's embarrassing)
At the health, you have a dose of pessimism.	Concerning health, you have a dose of pessimism.
This dose don't make you feel better.	This pessimism don't make you feel better.
Be more positive because this dose is hurting you.	Be more positive because it is hurting you.
WATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! glu glu glu (>_<)	WATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! glu glu glu (>_<)
I love water!!!	I love water!!!
I love so many things xD!	I love so many things xD!
The water purifies your body.	Water purifies your body.
The water purifies your body.	Water purifies your body and it is so good for you.
It's so good.	It's so good.
The water benefits are:	Water benefits are:
The water benefits are:	The benefits of water are:
* Facilitates the nutrients transport over your body.	* Facilitates the nutrients transport all over your body.
* Facilitates the nutrients transport over your body.	* Facilitates the transportation of nutrients throughout the body.
* Moisturize your skin.	* Moisturizes the skin.
* Facilitates the digestion!!	* Facilitates digestion!!
* Regulates your body's temperature.	* Regulates body temperature.
* Increase the hability of concentration.	* Increase the ability of concentration.
* Increase the hability of concentration.	* Increase the ability to concentrate.
(You don't feel like a zombie!!	(You don't feel like a zombie in your work, study, or sports!!!:D)
* Improves kidney function.	* Improves kidney function.
* Prevents the risk of kidney stones.	* Prevents the risk of kidney stones.
* Increase your life expectancy.	* Increases your life expectancy.
* Increase your life expectancy.	* Increases life expectancy.
* Lose weight!!	* Facilitates weight loss!!
(But I don't want to lose weight T_T)	(But I don't want to lose weight T_T)
The water benefits are incalculable.	Because the body is 70% water, the benefits of drinking water are incalculable.
Thanks for reading this weird entry.	Thanks for reading this weird entry.
Have a nice day and drink a lot of water!	Have a nice day and drink a lot of water!
Is good for you xD!	 It is good for you xD!
Weird things....0 (=>_<=)0	Weird things....0 (=>_<=)0
Well, my life is not normal at all, just a little.	Well, my life is not normal at all, just a little.
Today I read at the newspaper my horoscope (I don't believe in that kind of things) and I saw something awful.	Today I read at the newspaper my horoscope (I don't believe in that kind of things) and I saw something awful.
My horoscope says "Today you will have a horrible traffic accident...	My horoscope says "Today you will have a horrible traffic accident...
your health will be worse".	your health will be worse".
When I saw that I said to myself "Myself, What's the problem with this editorial?	When I saw that I said to myself "Myself, What's the problem with this editorial?
Are they crazy or something like that?	Are they crazy or something like that?
They said that I will die!!!!!	They said that I will die!!!!!
(not exactly)".	(not exactly)".
That was so funny, because the horoscope must to say good things for the people, that will make to people buy the newspaper.	That was so funny, because the horoscope must to say good things for the people, that will make to people buy the newspaper.
Also my horoscope says "You will lose your money".	Also my horoscope says "You will lose your money".
Over now, I won't read the horoscope anymore.	Over now, I won't read the horoscope anymore.
That' really makes me laugh.	That' really makes me laugh.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Thanks for reading this.	Thanks for reading this.
Short biography of Abraham Lincoln (Please I need your help!!)	Short biography of Abraham Lincoln (Please I need your help!!)
For his period, he helped to preserve The United States by the secessionist defeat Confederates States of America on the U.	During his term as president, he helped preserve The United States by defeating the Confederates States of America in the U.
S Civil War.	S Civil War.
He introduced measures in his government, that gave as result the abolition of the slavery.	He introduced measures into the government, that resulted in the abolition of slavery.
Lincoln supervised tightly the war results until the end of it.	Lincoln tight supervised the war's results until it .
In particular he supervised the selection of the best generals, including to Ulysses S.	In particular he supervised the selection of the best generals, including Ulysses S.
Grant.	Grant.
Lincoln successfully mobilized the public opinion through his rhetoric and speeches.	Lincoln successfully mobilized the public opinion through his rhetoric and speeches.
For the end of the war, Lincoln established the reconstruction, trying to gather quickly to the country through a generous reconciliation policy.	After the end of the war, Lincoln established the reconstruction, trying to quickly bring the country together through a generous reconciliation policy.
His murder was in 1865.	His murder was in 1865.
We can found Lincoln's face on the pennies.	We can find Lincoln's face on the pennies.
Thanks for the correction.	Thanks for the correction.
Is for my English homework.	Is for my English homework.
Please...	Please...
Please, can somebody correct this entries, please (I sound like a little girl).	Please, can somebody correct this entries, please (I sound like a little girl).
Thanks and have a nice day.	Thanks and have a nice day.
I'm hungry!!!! I want enchiladas!!!! l=( >////<)=0	I'm hungry!!!! I want enchiladas!!!! l=( >////<)=0
I love enchiladas specially with chocolate.	I love enchiladas, especially with chocolate.
I love enchiladas specially with chocolate.	I love enchiladas especially with chocolate.
Also I like spicy enchiladas.	I also like spicy enchiladas.
Also I like spicy enchiladas.	I also spicy enchiladas.
I love eat enchiladas with rice or salad.	I love to eat enchiladas with rice or salad.
I love eat enchiladas with rice or salad.	I love to eat enchiladas with rice or salad.
The enchiladas is a mexican plate.	Enchiladas are a Mexican plate.
The enchiladas is a mexican plate.	The Enchiladas is a Mexican plate.
It is elaborate with corn tortilla.	It is elaborate with a corn tortilla.
It can be fill by a several variety of ingredients like chicken, turkey, beef, beans, cheese, and others.	It can be filled by a variety of ingredients like chicken, turkey, beef, beans, cheese, and others.
It can be fill by a several variety of ingredients like chicken, turkey, beef, beans, cheese, and others.	It can be filled by a several variety of ingredients like chicken, turkey, beef, beans, cheese, and others.
I prefer the enchiladas with chicken and cheese.	I prefer enchiladas with chicken and cheese.
(I love cheese!!!).	(I love cheese!!!).
The enchiladas are covered by a big variety of chili sauces.	The enchiladas are covered by a big variety of chili sauces.
They are so yummy.	They are so yummy.
Also I like to grill some cheese at the top.	Also I like to grill some cheese at the top.
In my family if we ate enchiladas we have to ate also rice and a glass of coca-cola with ice cubes!!	In my family if, we ate enchiladas we also have to eat rice and a glass of coca-cola with ice cubes!!
In my family if we ate enchiladas we have to ate also rice and a glass of coca-cola with ice cubes!!	In my family if we ate enchiladas we also have to eat rice and a glass of coca-cola with ice cubes!!
Well, now I have to go to have dinner.	Well, now I have to go to have dinner.
Unfortunately I won't eat enchiladas, but I will eat something yummy.	Unfortunately I won't eat enchiladas, but I will eat something yummy.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day!	Have a nice day!
( /.<) Black and purple!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	( /.<) Black and purple!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Black nails!	Black nails!
Hey!	Hey!
How are you?	How are you?
I hope you are fine.	I hope you are fine.
I'm confused.	I'm confused.
I'm happy, sad, angry and crazy xD.	I'm happy, sad, angry and crazy xD.
I don't know why (well I know but I don't want to say the reason).	I don't know why (well... I know. But I don't want to give the reason).
I like to paint my nail with dark colours lie black and purple.	I like to paint my nail with dark colors like black and purple.
I like to paint my nail with dark colours lie black and purple.	I like to paint my nail with dark colours like black and purple.
I just love it xD.	I just love it xD.
Black nails have become a popular way to use the nails.	Black has become a popular color for nails.
Black nails have become a popular way to use the nails.	Black nails have become popular.
I paint my nails since I was 13.	I have been polishing my nails since I was 13.
I paint my nails since I was 13.	I've painted my nails since I was 13
And I do it because my mom introduce me to do it.	I do it because my mom introduced me to it and taught me to do it.
And I do it because my mom introduce me to do it.	and I do it because my mom introduced me to do it,
But when I go to school I have to remove the paint.	But when I go to school I have to remove the polish.
But when I go to school I have to remove the paint.	 but when I go to school I have to remove the paint.
Well, actually in the high school I can go with make up and painted nails but I don't like to do it.	Well, actually.. I can go to my high school with make up and painted nails but I don't like to do it.
Not for the moment.	Not for the moment.
Thanks for reading this weird entry.	Thanks for reading this weird entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Hey!	Hey!
I have a question: What is the difference between "stuff" and "things"?	I have a question: What is the difference between "stuff" and "things"? Ɫ"Stuff" & "things" mean the same thing; possessions. Ex: grab your stuff & and get moving. Let me just grab a few things & we can go. Ⱡ
When have I to use them?	When have I to use them? Ɫsee previous correction.Ⱡ
When have I to use them?	When do I to use them?
Hey!!! What's the big idea!!!! (>o<) !♪♪	Hey!!! What's the big idea!!!! (>o<) !♪♪
Lately, I have listening MIKA's song.	Lately, I have listening MIKA's song.
I like his music because is a little weird (just like me).	I like his music because is a little weird (just like me).
My favorite songs of Mika are Love Today, I know is a weird song but I like it xD.	My favorite songs of Mika are Love Today, I know is a weird song but I like it xD.
I like the song Stuck In The Middle, I think that this song is pretty.	I like the song Stuck In The Middle, I think that this song is pretty.
But I love the songs Grace Kelly (french version) and Elle Dit Me (I think it's means "She told me" or something like that) My French is not good.	But I love the songs Grace Kelly (french version) and Elle me dit(I think it's means "She told me" or something like that) My French is not good.
I would like to learn it.	I would like to learn it.
Thanks for reading this entry and..	Thanks for reading this entry and..
Why anybody reads my previous entries?	Why anybody reads my previous entries?
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Jefferson's biography!!! Please I need help!!!	Jefferson's biography!!! Please I need help!!!
Thomas Jefferson was born in Shadwell (Virgina).	Thomas Jefferson was born in Shadwell, Virgina.
Thomas Jefferson was born in Shadwell (Virgina).	Thomas Jefferson was born in Shadwell, Virginia.
He was born in April 13rd of 1743.	He was born on April 13, 1743.
He was born in April 13rd of 1743.	He was born on April 13th 1743.
His parents, Peter Jefferson and Jane Randolph, were owners of a plantation called like their city.	His parents, Peter Jefferson and Jane Randolph, were owners of a plantation called like their city.
His parents, Peter Jefferson and Jane Randolph, were owners of a plantation called like their city.	His parents, Peter Jefferson and Jane Randolph, were owners of a plantation named after their city.
In 1752, Jefferson started to go to school.	In 1752, Jefferson began school.
During nine years old, he started to study Latin, Classic Greek and French.	When he was nine years old, he began to study Latin, Classic Greek and French.
During nine years old, he started to study Latin, Classic Greek and French.	At nine years old, he started to study Latin, Classic Greek and French.
In 1757, when he was fourteen years old, his father died, thus inherited about 5000 acres of land.	In 1757, when he was fourteen years old, his father died. As a result, he inherited about 5,000 acres of land.
In 1757, when he was fourteen years old, his father died, thus inherited about 5000 acres of land.	In 1757, when he was fourteen years old, his father died, and thus he inherited about 5000 acres of land.
In these acres, he build his residence called "Montilcello".	On this land, he build his residence called "Montilcello".
In these acres, he build his residence called "Montilcello".	In these acres, he built his residence, called "Monticello".
Later, he entered to The College of William and Mary, where he has graduated with honors in 1762.	Later, he entered to The College of William and Mary, where he graduated with honors in 1762.
Later, he entered to The College of William and Mary, where he has graduated with honors in 1762.	Later, he entered the College of William and Mary, where he graduated with honors in 1762.
After that, he studied Right with the teacher George Wythe and he started to practice the advocacy in 1767.	After , he studied right???) with the teacher George Wythe and began practicing advocacy in 1767.
After that, he studied Right with the teacher George Wythe and he started to practice the advocacy in 1767.	After that, he studied law with the teacher George Wythe and he started to practice the law in 1767.
He was continental delegate of the congress, Governor of Virgina, state secretary, vicepresident and president.	He was Continental Delegate of the Congress, Governor of Virginia, State Secretary, Vice President of the United States and President of the United States.
He was continental delegate of the congress, Governor of Virgina, state secretary, vicepresident and president.	He was continental delegate of Congress, Governor of Virginia, state secretary, vice-president and president.
After this last charge, he has retired in his home state, where he died in July, 1826.	He then retired to his home state, where he died in July, 1826.
After this last charge, he has retired in his home state, where he died in July, 1826.	After this last post, he retired in his home state, where he died in July, 1826.
He died to the 83 years old.	He died at the age of 83 .
He died to the 83 years old.	He died at 83 years old.
We can found Jefferson's face in the nickels.	Jefferson's face can now be found on the American nickel.
We can found Jefferson's face in the nickels.	Jefferson's face is found on the nickel.
I love popcorn! ( /.n)	I love popcorn! ( /.n)
Yesterday in the night I saw a weird movie about a dog with super powers.	Yesterday at night, I saw a weird movie about a dog with superpowers.
Yesterday in the night I saw a weird movie about a dog with super powers.	Yesterday at night I watched a weird movie about a dog with super powers.
In the TV there wasnt nothing interesting and I was with my brother and my sister.	There wasn't anything interesting on TV, and I was with my brother and my sister.
In the TV there wasnt nothing interesting and I was with my brother and my sister.	On TV there wasn't nothing interesting and I was with my brother and my sister.
We ate popcorn with sauce.	We ate popcorn with sauce.
I don't like the popcorn with sauce but they like it.	I don't like the popcorn with sauce, but they like it.
I don't like the popcorn with sauce but they like it.	I don't like popcorn with sauce but they like it.
I don't like the movies where the animals talk.	I don't like movies where animals talk.
They freak me  out.	They freak me  out.
I prefer comedy romance movies.	I prefer romance comedies . I never hear anyone say "comedy romance"; it's usually the other way around. If it helps you remember the order, I often hear people refer to romance comedies as "rom-coms."
They are funny and tender.	They are funny and tender.
Thanks for reading this entry	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day!	Have a nice day!
I love rice!!!! Yummy!!! 0(>○<)o!!!	I love rice!!!! Yummy!!! 0(>○<)o!!!
Today's a boring day!	Today's a boring day!
No one wants to talk...	No one wants to talk...
but that's not the subject.	but that's not the subject.
Today's subject is "THE FOOD".	Today's subject is "THE FOOD".
I love the food xD (Who dislikes?).	I love the food xD (Who dislikes?).
In the morning I don't ate breakfast u.	In the morning I don't have a breakfast u.
u.	u.
I don't usually eat in the mornings.	I eat nothing in the mornings.
To the noon, I ate a lot of things xD i was very hungry.	To the noon, I ate a lot of things xD i was very hungry.
Well, I ate a plate of rice with chicken's tacos (I don't know how to say "tacos" in English xD) and a little of spaguetti ( I love spaguetti).	Well, I ate a plate of rice with chicken's tacos (I don't know how to say "tacos" in English xD) and a little of spaguetti ( I love spaguetti).
I know it's a little weird eat spaguetti with rice xD but i love the soups / pasta.	I know it's a little weird eat spaguetti with rice xD but i love the soups / pasta.
I repeated the plate and I drank a Coca-cola's glass with a lot of ice cubes.	I ordered the plate again and I drank a glaas of Coca-cola's and ate a lot of ice cubes.
I love Coca-cola!!	I love Coca-cola!!
Well, I don't know what to write.	Well, I don't know what to write.
Thanks for reading this	Thanks for reading this diary
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Imaginary daily activities.  (±_±)	Imaginary daily activities.  (±_±)
The routine, personally I don't like routines, but all live in a routine.	The routine, personally I don't like routines, but all live in a routine.
I don't want to do it but I must to do it.	I don't want to do it but I must to do it.
My brother is very active junior high school student.	My brother is a very active junior high school student.
This is what he usually does every day of the week.	This is what he usually does every day of the week:
From Monday to Friday, every weekday morning he wakes up at six thirty.	From Monday to Friday, every weekday morning he wakes up at six thirty.
After five minutes he gets up and goes to the bathroom.	After five minutes he gets up and goes to the bathroom.
He takes a shower, brushes his teeth and comb his hair.	He takes a shower, brushes his teeth and combs his hair.
After that he dresses, he usually wear a school uniform.	After that, he dresses. He usually wears a school uniform.
Nexto he goes to school.	Next, he goes to school.
He studies from 7 a.	He studies from 7 a.
m to 2 p.m.	m to 2 p.m.
When he comes back to home.	Then he comes back home.
He has dinner at 3 p.	He has dinner at 3 p.
m or 5 p.m. He makes his homework all the afternoon.	m or 5 p.m. He does his homework all afternoon.
At night he plays guitar for one hour.	At night he plays guitar for one hour.
Then he takes a shower again.	Then he takes a shower again.
Finally, he goes to sleep at 12 o'clock.	Finally, he goes to sleep at 12 o'clock.
The same with next days.	The same goes for the following days.
Thanks for reading this.	Thanks for reading this.
Please read my previews entries.	Please read my previews entries.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
The several sports from my schools 	The several sports from my schools 
I'm talking in plural because i have been in many schools (13 schools u.	I'm talking in plural because I have gone to many schools (13 schools u.
u).	u).
Well, in my physics classes I have played so many games and sports.	Well, in my physical education (P.E.) classes I have played so many games and sports.
One of those is the american football for girls, it's pretty weird and I fell so many times u.	One of those is American football for girls. It's pretty weird and I fell down so many times u.
u.	u.
And my classmates were a little rude and they always hit me T_T.	And my classmates were a little rude and they always hit me T_T.
Another sport is volley-ball.	Another sport is volleyball.
I love volley-ball.	I love volleyball.
It's a great sport for me because I don't have  physical contact with no one.	It's a great sport for me because I don't make physical contact with anyone.
And it's the only sport that I can play rightly.	And it's the only sport that I can play correctly.
My favourites/favorites sports are volley-ball and basket ball.	My favorite sports are volleyball and basketball.
I'm not good at sports because i'm a small person like a flea T_T, and I have some problems with my legs (nothing serious).	I'm not good at sports because I'm a small person like a flea T_T, and I have some problems with my legs (nothing serious).
I just feel tired so fast T_T (Me canso rapidamente).	I just get tired so fast T_T (Me canso rapidamente).
But only when I run, I can walk long distances and I don't feel tired at all.	But only when I run -- I can walk long distances and I don't get tired at all.
Well thanks for reading this.	Well thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.	Thank you!
I want to write something!!!! T__T	I want to write something!!!! T__T
At the few last days, I've been trying to write an entry, but guess what?	For the few last days, I've been trying to write an entry, but guess what?
At the few last days, I've been trying to write an entry, but guess what?	The few last days, I've been trying to write an entry, but guess what?
My computer is crazy or the destiny doesn't want me to learn English.	My computer is crazy or destiny doesn't want me to learn English.
My computer is crazy or the destiny doesn't want me to learn English.	My computer is crazy or destiny doesn't want me to learn English.
I tried to write something and the computer close the Internet page or my brother closes the page accidentally.	I tried to write something and either the computer closes the Internet page or my brother closes the page accidentally.
I tried to write something and the computer close the Internet page or my brother closes the page accidentally.	I try to write something and the computer closes the Internet page or my brother closes the page accidentally.
Aham!	Aha!
He thinks that I believed  that it was an accident.	He thinks I believe it was an accident.
He is so evil, not at all, he likes to make me some jokes.	He is so evil, but not really , he just likes to play jokes on me.
He is so evil, not at all, he likes to make me some jokes.	He is so evil, not at all, he likes to make a joke out of me.
Thanks for reading this short entry.	Thanks for reading this short entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Hello world!!! ^_^	Hello world!!! ^_^
How are you?	How are you?
I hope fine.	I hope you are fine.
I hope fine.	I hope you're fine.
In this moment I'm very tired because I've been studying all the day and my chair is a little uncomfortable.	at the moment I'm very tired because I've been studying all the day and my chair is a little uncomfortable.
In this moment I'm very tired because I've been studying all the day and my chair is a little uncomfortable.	At this moment, I'm very tired because I've been studying all day long while sitting on an uncomfortable chair.
But I put a pillow behind me for support my back (recargarme).	But I placed a pillow behind me to support my back (recargarme).
Well, I need to do more exercise T_T but I'm a little lazy.	Well, I need to do more exercise T_T but I'm a little bit lazy.
Ok.	Ok.
I'm not lazy.	I'm not lazy.
Is just because I don't have a place for walk near from my house.	it Is just because I don't have a place for a walk near my house.
Is just because I don't have a place for walk near from my house.	It is just I don't have a place to walk near my home.
I love walk.	I love going on walks.
I love walk.	I love to walk.
I love walk.	I love to take a walk.
I love to feel the fresh air in my face n.	I love to feel the fresh air on my face.
n.	n.
I'm so happy because everyday I learn a new thing.	I'm so happy because everyday I learn new things.
I'm so happy because everyday I learn a new thing.	I'm so happy because everyday, I learn something new.
I need to study harder.	I need to study harder.
Well, thanks for help me.	Well, thanks for helping me.
Well, thanks for help me.	Well, thanks for helping me.
Well, thanks for help me.	Well, thanks for helping me.
And thanks for read this entry.	And thanks for reading this entry.
And thanks for read this entry.	And thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
I love the ceramic angels	I love ceramic angels
My mom has a little ceramic angels' collection.	My mom has a little ceramic angels' collection.
So I help her to bought the angels.	So I help her to buy the angels.
We have 4 mediums angels, 3 little angels (they are for wall).	We have 4 medium angels, 3 little angels (they are for hanging on the wall).
We love these 7 angels because my mommy says that we are like these angels xD, because they have a tender face like us when we were little babies.	We love these 7 angels because my mommy says that we are like these angels xD, because they have tender faces like we when we were little babies.
( I know sounds weird).	( I know sounds weird).
Also we have 7 small angels, they are the principal angels, their names are Saint Miguel Arcangel, Saint Gabriel arcangel, Rafael arcangel, Uriel arcangel, Jofiel arcangel, Samuel arcangel ans Zadkiel arcangel 0w0.	Also we have 7 small angels, they are the principal angels, their names are Saint Miguel Arcangel, Saint Gabriel arcangel, Rafael arcangel, Uriel arcangel, Jofiel arcangel, Samuel arcangel ans Zadkiel arcangel 0w0.
These are from shelf.	These are on the shelf.
We had a big angel but it has broken in the last move of house.	We had a big angel but it broke the last time we moved.
We have some other angels but the most part have been broken for move house.	We have some other angels but most of them also broke when we moved.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Hey!!! Miss murder!!! ( >__<)w	Hey!!! Miss murder!!! ( >__<)w
Hello!	Hello!
I have 5 entries which nobody corrects them.	I have 5 entries which nobody has corrected yet.
It's ok.	It's ok.
I like video games but I don't know anything about videogames.	I like video games but I don't know anything about videogames.
My brother had a PSP (but he sold it), and we had seve games for PSP console.	My brother had a PSP (but he sold it), and we had several games for PSP console.
He has the Rock Band Unplugged game (I don't know what is the meaning of the word "unplugged" I hope somebody can tell me).	He has the Rock Band Unplugged game (I don't know what is the meaning of the word "unplugged" I hope somebody can tell me).
I like this game because it has many songs like Message In A Bottle from The Police, Miss Murder from AFI and other songs that I can't remember.	I like this game because it has many songs like Message In A Bottle from The Police, Miss Murder from AFI and other songs that I can't remember.
If you can recomend to me some songs, I'll be grateful.	If you can recommend me some songs, I'll be grateful.
My brother had another videogames like The Star Wars League, HotBrain and others.	My brother had other videogames like The Star Wars League, HotBrain and more.
Thanks for reading this.	Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
I want ice cream	I want ice cream
Hello world!	Hello world!
How are you?	How are you?
I'm fine and i'm hungry.	I'm fine but i'm hungry.
I want some ice cream.	I want some ice cream.
Oreo's ice cream with some hershey chocolate on the top.	Oreo's ice cream with some Hershey's chocolate on the top.
Oreo's ice cream with some hershey chocolate on the top.	I want oreo ice cream with some hershey chocolate on the top.
I love ice cream and rainy days.	I love ice cream during rainy days.
My perfect day will be a rainy day with romantic/comedy movies, and ice cream or popcorn.	My perfect day would be a rainy day with romantic-comedy movies, along with some ice cream or popcorn.
I love the rain!!!	I love the rain!!!
Hey!	Hey!
How are you?	How are you?
I'm fine.	I'm fine.
And I'm so happy right now because It's a rainy day.	And I'm so happy right now because it's a rainy day.
I love the rain, ¿How about you?	I love the rain, ¿How about you?
I love the sound of the water falling, when it hits with the floor, the sound of the thunders, the wet smell.	I love the sound of the water falling, when it hits the floor, the sound of the thunder, and the wet smell.
I love everything about the rain.	I love everything about the rain.
I want to get me wet, but I can't because in this moment is the 12:42 of the night and I can get a flu, but i really wanna do it.	I want to get wet, but I can't because it's 12:42 at night and I can get a flu. I really want to do it though. 
Well..	Well..
I have to wait to other rainy day for eat ice cream and get me wet.	I have to wait for another rainy day so I can eat ice cream and get e wet.
What thing do you like to do in the rainy days?	What do you like to do on rainy days?
Im tired....	Im tired....I'm tired...
T__T 	T__T 
In my new school I have so much homework so I have free time only on the weekends.	In my new school I have so much homework I have free time only on the weekends.
Well, just the Sunday's.	Well, just the Sunday's.Well, just the Sundays.
Today I made the biography of some presidents of United States for my English homework.	Today I made the biography of some presidents of United States for my English homework.Today I wrote biographies of some United States presidents for my English homework.
I love the English subject.	I love the English subject.
But in my school is a little bored because I've seen all the subjects.	But in my school is a little bored because I've seen all the subjects.But in my school, it's a little boring, because I've seen all the subjects.
The teacher to the next week will teach us the alphabet    (somebody help me please).	Next week, the teacher will teach us the alphabet (somebody help me please).
As I can see in this school, nobody is interested in foreing languages including to the teachers.	As I can see in this school, nobody is interested in foreign languages including the teachers.
Is something weird.	Is something weird.Is that something weird?
waaaaaaaa... Here is so warm!! T_T	waaaaaaaa... It is so warm here!
I wish some ice cream!!!	I want some ice cream!orI wish I had some ice cream!
T__T We are about 40 grades celcius (or 104°F I think).	The temperature is 40 degrees celsius (or 104°F I think).
My air conditioner is broken.	My air conditioner is broken.
I feel roasted T_T.	I am very hot!
My day has been okay.	My day has been okay.
But it's so hot here.	But it's so hot here.
My city is known (recognized?)  like one of the  warmest cities of my country.	My city is known for being one of the warmest cities in my country.
That's because we are near from a desert.	That's because we are close to a desert.
That's because we are near from a desert.	That's because we are near a desert.
I feel so tired.	I feel so tired.
I need a glass of water with a lot of ice.	I need a glass of water with a lot of ice.
The last days were so hot!.	The last few days were so hot!.
I hope it rains soon.	I hope it rains soon.
I love the rain and the clouds!	I love the rain and the clouds!
xD	xD
Thanks for reading this little entry.	Thanks for reading this little entry.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
The T.V programs!!!!	The T.V programs!!!!
Today I saw a very popular mexican program of television .	Today, I saw a very popular mexican television program.
It name is "La Rosa De Guadalupe" or "The Guadalupe's Rose".	Its name is "La Rosa De Guadalupe" or "The Guadalupe's Rose".
The chapter todays called "The Otakus (Let's Save To The World)" xD It was about a girl who had some troubles with herself.	Today's chapter was called "The Otakus (Let's Save To The World)" xD It was about a girl who had some troubles with herself.
She goes to the high school disguised like a cartoon /anime character.	She goes to the high school disguised like a cartoon /anime character.
Her partners school always bothered her because she was inusual.	Her partners school always bothered her because she was unusual.
Her partners school always bothered her because she was inusual.	Her partner's school always bothered her because she was unusual.
But she don't cared she just want to save the planet with her powers.	But she doesn't cared she just wants to save the planet with her powers.
But she don't cared she just want to save the planet with her powers.	But she doesn't care. She just wants to save the planet with her powers. 
She is a anime fanatic  girl.	She is a anime fanatic  girl.
But, the chapter is not really a problem.	But, the chapter is not really a problem.
The problem is this program has a lot of negative influence in the young community of Mexico.	The problem is this program has a lot of negative influence on the youth community of Mexico.
Them mimic everything that they saw in this programs, but only the negative thinks.	They mimic everything that they see in this program, but only the negative things.
For example, another chapter was "The Shock Game" It's a game where they have to suffocate them just for feeling pleasure.	For example, another chapter was "The Shock Game" It's a game where they have to suffocate them just for feeling happy.
For example, another chapter was "The Shock Game" It's a game where they have to suffocate them just for feeling pleasure.	For example, another chapter was called "The Shock Game". It's a game where they have to suffocate them just for feeling pleasure.
At the next day of this program on my school all my classmates was do it (suffocate themself).	At the next day of this program on my school all my classmates was do it (suffocate themselves).
At the next day of this program on my school all my classmates was do it (suffocate themself).	The next day at my school, all of my classmates were going to do it (suffocate themselves). 
In my point of view is something really really silly because they risking their life.	In my point of view is something really really silly because they are risking their lives.
In my point of view is something really really silly because they risking their life.	My point of view is that this is something really, really silly, because they are risking their lives.
By the way, now the boys and girls wants to be disguised like an anime character just because "The Guadalupe's Rose" says that it's ok.	By the way, now the boys and girls wants to be disguised like an anime character just because "The Guadalupe's Rose" says that it's ok.
"Everybody is free to dressed up the way that they want".	"Everybody is free to be dressed up the way that they want".
But the schools has rules!	But the schools have rules! or But the school has rules!
Well, that's all (creó que me equivoqué mucho xD).	Well, that's all (creó que me equivoqué mucho xD).
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
Thanks for reading this entry.	Thanks for reading this entry.
Hello world!!	Hello world!!
Hello, How are you?	Hello, How are you?
I hope you are well.	I hope you are well.
I'm here because I want to read and write english.	I'm here because I want to read and write in English.
And in a future speak it clearly.	And in the future I hope to speak it clearly.
I love to listen some music in my youtube account.	I love to listen to music on my youtube account.
I prefer the english music but the most part of the time I can't understand the meaning in my native language, so I have to search the lyrics of the song in spanish.	I prefer English music but most of the time I can't understand it. So I have to search for the lyrics of the song in Spanish.
I like to see the music videos in english/spanish because I can learn new words with every song actually I have in my Youtube account some videos in english with the translation in spanish and other videos in spanish with the translation in english.	I like watching music videos in English/Spanish because I can learn new words with each song. I have a Youtube account with some videos in English that have translations in Spanish. While the other videos have it in Spanish with the translations in English.
Well there is the link, if you wanna see these videos look for YRSL or something like that in my account.	Well there is is a link if you want to see the videos. Look for YRSL or something like that for my account.
My dad has a friend who learned to speak english just listening music.	My dad has a friend who learned to speak English just by listening to music.
I know that sounds amazing.	I know that sounds amazing.
Well thanks for your time.	Well thanks for your time.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
I have some questions ♪_♪ 	I have some questions ♪_♪ 
Hey!	Hey!
I found it something on Internet that made me think.	I found something on the Internet that made me think.
The correct way to write some words.	The correct way to write some words.
How it must to be ¿"color" or "colour"?, ¿Socks or sox?, ¿Organisations or Organizations?,  ¿Underground or subway?, ¿Fall or Autumn?, ¿Candy or sweets?, ¿Cookie or biscuit?, ¿Centre or Center?, ¿Trash or rubbish?....	How it must to be ¿"color" or "colour"?, ¿Socks or sox?, ¿Organisations or Organizations?, ¿Underground or subway?, ¿Fall or Autumn?, ¿Candy or sweets?, ¿Cookie or biscuit?, ¿Centre or Center?, ¿Trash or rubbish?.... ₸The Queen's English makes the spelling c-o-l-o-u-r in Great Britain, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Jamaica. As does "organisation", and "centre" ₸ ₸The Queen's English makes it c-o-l-o-u-r₸ ₸ With exceptions,_the same applies to "underground", "biscuit", "tin", "rubbish", "chocky", "disco", and "bin". The exception is Canada.₸
How it must to be ¿"color" or "colour"?, ¿Socks or sox?, ¿Organisations or Organizations?,  ¿Underground or subway?, ¿Fall or Autumn?, ¿Candy or sweets?, ¿Cookie or biscuit?, ¿Centre or Center?, ¿Trash or rubbish?....	How it must to be ¿"color" or "colour"?, ¿Socks or sox?, ¿Organisations or Organizations?, ¿Underground or subway?, ¿Fall or Autumn?, ¿Candy or sweets?, ¿Cookie or biscuit?, ¿Centre or Center?, ¿Trash or rubbish?
Now, I have a lot of questions, the page doesn't said what is the correct way to write and I have many problems with these words, because each dictionary says a different thing.	Now, I have a lot of questions. The page doesn't say which is the correct way to write them and I have many problems with these words because each dictionary says a different thing.
And that  confused to me.	And that confuses me.
And that  confused to me.	And that confused to me.
Thanks for reading this	Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
My name is Carlos	My name is Carlos
Hello!	Hello!
My name is Carlos Enrique Sánchez Pacheco, i was born in México City in July of 1987.	My name is Carlos Enrique Sánchez Pacheco and I was born in México City in July of 1987.
I like go to parties with my friends.	I like to go to parties with my friends.
When i go out with friends,we go to pulquerías (pulque's shop).	When I go out with friends, we go to pulquerías (a shop that sells pulque).
Pulque is my favourite alcohol drink, not for its alcohol content, i like drink for mexican tradition and flavor.	Pulque is my favourite alcohol drink, not for its alcohol content, i like the drink for Mexican tradition and flavor.
Pulque is my favourite alcohol drink, not for its alcohol content, i like drink for mexican tradition and flavor.	Pulque is my favourite alcoholic drink, though not for its alcohol content. I like the drink for its Mexican tradition and flavor.
After of drik pulque, frecuently we go to watch the wrestling, in México wrestling is called "Lucha Libre" and my favourite wrestler is "Rayo de Jalisco".	After the pulque drink, frecuently we go to watch the wrestling. In México wrestling is called "Lucha Libre" and my favourite wrestler is "Rayo de Jalisco".
After of drik pulque, frecuently we go to watch the wrestling, in México wrestling is called "Lucha Libre" and my favourite wrestler is "Rayo de Jalisco".	After the pulque drink, we frequently go to watch wrestling. In México wrestling is called "Lucha Libre" and my favourite wrestler is "Rayo de Jalisco".
I will talk about boxing in the next time.	I will talk about boxing next time.
I will talk about boxing in the next time.	I will talk about boxing next time.
Saludos!	Saludos!
I like boxing!	I like boxing!
México is a country rich with very much traditions, people native, landscapes and other factors what it do it a wonderful place (and I will write about in other opportunity).	México is a country rich with alot of traditions, people native, landscapes and other factors which makes it a wonderful place (and I will write about in other opportunity).
México is a country rich with very much traditions, people native, landscapes and other factors what it do it a wonderful place (and I will write about in other opportunity).	México is a country rich with traditions, native people, landscapes and other factors that make it a wonderful place (and I will write about if I have an opportunity or if I have a chance).
Thereby, my country has enveloped a firm noble character associated with its people.	Thereby, my country has enveloped a firm noble character associated with its people.
México is a brave country and the boxing is a sport liked to my people.	México is a brave country and the boxing is a sport popular with mexicans.
México is a brave country and the boxing is a sport liked to my people.	México is a country of brave people and boxing is a sport that may of us like.
I like boxing since I was child and I had got chance to see to J.	I like boxing since I was child and I got a chance to see to J.
C.	C.
Chávez, one of the best mexican boxers.	Chávez, one of the best mexican boxers.
Many people think boxing is a savage sport but in México boxing is a claimant technical sport.	Many people think boxing is a savage sport, but in México, boxing is a legal technical sport.
Proof of it is the boxing practice for Floyd Mayweather, the best pund for pund at the moment for me.	Proof of it is the boxing practice of Floyd Mayweather, the best pound for pound at the moment, for me.
My favourite boxer is Juan Manuel Márquez, He is called "Dinamita" and He will fight versus Pacquiao on November.	My favorite boxer is Juan Manuel Márquez, He is called "Dinamita" and he will fight versus Pacquiao on November.
He's a older figther (39 years) and I know time not forgive.	He's an old fighter (39 years) and I know time will not forgive.
However, I hope Marquez's victory.	However, I hope Marquez wins.
However, I hope Marquez's victory.	However, I hope for Marquez's victory.
Good bye, Amigos.	Good bye, Amigos.
Y !viva el boxeo!	Y !viva el boxeo!
my day 	my day 
this day I don`t like why be stressful to my 	this day I don`t like why be stressful to my 
Snow in Madrid	Snow in Madrid
Hello!	Hello!
My name is Marta and i'm learning japanese.	My name is Marta, and I'm learning Japanese.
My name is Marta and i'm learning japanese.	My name is Marta and i'm learning japanese.
I speak a bit of english, and I hope y could improve my english in this web.	I speak a little bit english, and I hope I could improve my english thanks to this website.
I speak a bit of english, and I hope y could improve my english in this web.	I speak a bit of English, and I hope I can improve my English on this website. ("A bit of English" es totalmente bien. También se puede decir, "A little bit of English.")
I speak a bit of english, and I hope y could improve my english in this web.	I speak a bit of english, and I hope y could improve my english in this web.
I live in Madrid.	I live in Madrid.
The last week was snowing in the most mountains of Spain, also in Madrid.	This last week it was snowing in most of spain's mountains , and also in Madrid.
The last week was snowing in the most mountains of Spain, also in Madrid.	This last week it was snowing in most of the mountains in Spain and also in Madrid.
The last week was snowing in the most mountains of Spain, also in Madrid.	The last week was snowing in the most mountains of Spain, also in Madrid.
The most lines of the Sky and SkateSnow of Spain opens today!	The most lines of the Sky and SkateSnow of Spain opens today!
The most lines of the Sky and SkateSnow of Spain opens today!	The most lines of the Sky and SkateSnow of Spain opens today!
The snow it's beautifull, but it's so cold :(	snow is beautiful, but also so cold :(
The snow it's beautifull, but it's so cold :(	The snow is beautiful, but it's so cold :(
The snow it's beautifull, but it's so cold :(	The snow it's beautifull, but it's so cold :(
See you!	See you!
Shopping!	Shopping!
^  ^ 	^  ^ 
(>ロ<)	(>ロ<)
( u  u )ノ	( u  u )ノ
I’m going shopping today!	I’m going shopping today!
Food I can’t get enough of:	Food I can’t get enough of:
What does a Daikon taste like?	What does a Daikon taste like?
Try to relax	Try to relax
What is the difference between sentence forms like ==>	What is the difference between sentence forms like ==>
Try to relax	Try to relax
vs	vs
Try and relax	Try and relax
?	?
If any	If any
Thanks!	Thanks!
Greeting B Part 1	Greeting B Part 1
<<Hello.	<<Hello.
I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..	I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..
Spanish :O).	Spanish :O).
Can you give me a hand here?	Can you give me a hand here?
I just need this text to be proofread by an native English speaker.	I just need this text to be proofread by an native English speaker.
This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorific ambassador for Okinawa.	This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorific ambassador for Okinawa.
Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums.	Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums.
You can find the whole greeting here	You can find the whole greeting here
but since it's a bit long I am dividing it in 2 parts.	but since it's a bit long I am dividing it in 2 parts.
Thank you.	Thank you.
It's been 15 years since I started a new contemporary eisa group in Tokyo, and in March of 2004 I was honored by the Okinawa prefecture, who named me "Ambassador for Churashima Okinawa", a nomination appointed to those residing outside the prefecture, who hold a deep appreciation and attachment for Okinawa.	Fifteen years ago, I started a contemporary eisa group in Tokyo. In March of 2004 the Okinawa prefecturehonored me bynaming me "Ambassador for Churashima Okinawa". This appointmentis reserved forthose residing outside the prefecture who hold a deep appreciation and attachment for Okinawa.
(I've decided to write about Tokyo today)	(I've decided to write about Tokyo today)
(when i wanted to be alone, there was no place to go)	(when i wanted to be alone, there was no place to go)
Quick question	Quick question
What's the difference between:	What's the difference between:
Den of wolfs	Wolves' dens. or: the den of a wolf
Den of wolfs	Den of wolves
Wolf den	Wolf's den
Wolf's den	Wolf's den
if any?	if any?
Thanks!	Thanks!
Greeting A	Greeting A
<<Hello.	<<Hello.
I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..	I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..
Spanish :O).	Spanish :O).
Can you give me a hand here?	Can you give me a hand here?
This is a TEAM B website greeting, by the leader.	This is a TEAM B website greeting, by the leader.
He used to be part of TEAM A, and that`s pretty much what the first half is about, and then he moved and started the new TEAM B.	He used to be part of TEAM A, and that`s pretty much what the first half is about, and then he moved and started the new TEAM B.
Eisa is a type of okinawan dance were they use taiko drums.>>	Eisa is a type of Okinawan dance that features taiko drums.>>
Greeting	Greeting
Leader's Greeting	Leader's Greeting
My first encounter with the Eisa was back in summer of 2003, when I watched a TEAM A Tokyo Chapter performance for the first time.	My first encounter with eisa was back in the summer of 2003, when I watched a TEAM A Tokyo Chapter performance for the first time.
Under the blazing sun, the group performed with such an intensity that overwhelmed me, and from that day onwards I became a regular spectator of their performances.	Under the blazing sun, the group performed with such an intensity that it overwhelmed me, and from that day on I watched their performances regularly.
The following year, I was accepted as a member, and along with the everyday practices I had the chance to stand (appear/ perform?) in many different events and festivals.	The following year, I was accepted as a member, and along with the everyday practices I had the chance to perform in many different events and festivals.
In 2008, I became Sub-Leader and took the responsibility of transferring everything the older members of the team had tough us to the next generation.	In 2008, I became Sub-Leader and had the responsibility of transferring everything that the older members of the team had taught us to the next generation.
I hold dear many precious memories of my experience there.	I cherish many precious memories of my experience there.
From now on, as leader of TEAM B, I strive to making the most out of my experience in TEAM A and taking it to the next level.	From now on, as the leader of TEAM B, I strive to make the most from my experience in TEAM A and take it to the next level.
My goal is to grow (raise?) a group whose performances can move and impress everyone watching.	My goal is to create a group whose performances can move and impress everyone watching.
The formation of TEAM B could not have been possible without the support and aid of many people, which I am most thankful to.	The formation of TEAM B could not have been possible without the support and aid of many people, to whom I am very thankful .
Also, as regards to the kindness and warmth we receive from the people who come to see our performances we cannot possibly put our appreciation into words, but instead, into every beat of the Taiko drum we hold, and into every step of our dances, with all of our might (we thank you?).	Also, regarding the kindness and warmth we receive from the people who come to see our performances, we cannot possibly put our appreciation into words. Instead, every beat of the taiko drums we hold and every step of our dances.contains and expresses our strong gratitude. 
<<This last paragraph may need a lot of work, am I using the word perform too much?	<<This last paragraph may need a lot of work, am I using the word perform too much?
I cannot find a suitable synonym.	I cannot find a suitable synonym.
Thank you!!!!>>	Thank you!!!!>>
Greeting B	Greeting B
<<Hello.	<<Hello.
I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..	I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..
Spanish :O).	Spanish :O).
Can you give me a hand here?	Can you give me a hand here?
This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorific ambassador for Okinawa.	This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorific ambassador for Okinawa.
Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums>>	Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums>>
Greeting B	Greeting B
Ambassador for "Churashima Okinawa" (Beautiful Okinawa)	Ambassador for "Churashima Okinawa" (Beautiful Okinawa)
xxx	xxx
It's been 15 years since I started a new contemporary eisa group in Tokyo, and in March of 2004 I was honored by the Okinawa prefecture, who named me "Ambassador for Churashima Okinawa", a nomination appointed to those residing outside the prefecture, who hold a deep appreciation and attachment for Okinawa.	It's been 15 years since I started a new contemporary eisa group in Tokyo, and in March of 2004 I was honored by the Okinawa prefecture, who named me "Ambassador for Churashima Okinawa", a nomination appointed to those residing outside the prefecture, who hold a deep appreciation and attachment for Okinawa.
Since I came to Tokyo, my love for my hometown translated into a desire to contribute to broaden the influence of Okinawa's traditional arts through Japan's capital city.	Since I came to Tokyo, my love for my hometown translated into a desire to contribute to broaden the influence of Okinawa's traditional arts through Japan's capital city.
When I was still undecided on how to face this new challenge, I went back to Naha (Okinawa Prefecture's Capital) and assisted to the "Naha Ozunahiki Hatagashira Gyoretsu Festival", an event I attend every year since I was a child.	When I was still undecided on how to face this new challenge, I went back to Naha (Okinawa Prefecture's Capital) and assisted to the "Naha Ozunahiki Hatagashira Gyoretsu Festival", an event I attend every year since I was a child.
There, I encounter myself with a contemporary eisa group, and I can still remember the goosebumps caused by their performance.	There, I encounter myself with a contemporary eisa group, and I can still remember the goosebumps caused by their performance.
That is how I found what I was looking for, and the impact of that moment still remains lively in my memory.	That is how I found what I was looking for, and the impact of that moment still remains lively in my memory.
Without forgetting that emotion, and as Honorific Ambassador of Okinawa I try my best to contribute in promoting Okinawa, from Tokyo to the rest of the Japan, and even further, to the whole world.	Without forgetting that emotion, and as Honorific Ambassador of Okinawa I try my best to contribute in promoting Okinawa, from Tokyo to the rest of the Japan, and even further, to the whole world.
I sincerely hope you will continue to support us for a long time.	I sincerely hope you will continue to support us for a long time.
Greeting B Part 2	Greeting B Part 2
<<Hello.	<<Hello.
I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..	I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..
Spanish :O).	Spanish :O).
Can you give me a hand here?	Can you give me a hand here?
I just need this text to be proofread by an native English speaker.	I just need this text to be proofread by an native English speaker.
This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorific ambassador for Okinawa.	This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorary ambassador for Okinawa.
Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums.	Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums.
You can find the whole greeting here	You can find the whole greeting here
but since it's a bit long I am dividing it in 2 parts, this is the second half	but since it's a bit long I am dividing it in 2 parts, this is the second half
Thank you.	Thank you.
Since I came to Tokyo, my love for my hometown translated into a desire to contribute to broaden the influence of Okinawa's traditional arts through Japan's capital city.	After I came to Tokyo, my love for my hometown led to a desire to make acontributionthat would broaden the influence of Okinawa's traditional arts throughout Japan's capital city.
When I was still undecided on how to face this new challenge, I went back to Naha (Okinawa Prefecture's Capital) and assisted to the "Naha Ozunahiki Hatagashira Gyoretsu Festival", an event I attend every year since I was a child.	Still undecided on how to face this new challenge, I went back to Naha,Okinawa Prefecture's Capital, and assisted with the "Naha Ozunahiki Hatagashira Gyoretsu Festival", an event I have attended every year since childhood.
There, I encounter myself with a contemporary eisa group, and I can still remember the goosebumps caused by their performance.	There, I encountered a contemporary eisa group. I can still remember the goosebumps caused by their performance!
That is how I found what I was looking for, and the impact of that moment still remains lively in my memory.	I found what I was looking for.The impact of that moment still lives in my memory.
Without forgetting that emotion, and as Honorific Ambassador of Okinawa I try my best to contribute in promoting Okinawa, from Tokyo to the rest of the Japan, and even further, to the whole world.	With that memory fresh in my mind, I,as HonoraryAmbassador of Okinawa,willstrive to continuepromoting Okinawa inTokyo,and then onto the rest of Japan, and eventuallyto the whole world.
I sincerely hope you will continue to support us for a long time.	I sincerely hope you will continue to support us for a long time.
Hi!	Hi!
I have a blog (http://fedende.blogspot.com) where i write about my travels in New Zealand and Japan.	I have a blog (http://fedende.blogspot.com) where i write about my travels in New Zealand and Japan.
Now I want to start putting some posts in Japanese.	Now I want to start putting some posts in Japanese.
I have some japanese friends who can´t read it now because it´s in spanish + it's a good excuse to practice some writing.	I have some japanese friends who can´t read it now because it´s in spanish + it's a good excuse to practice some writing.
This frist post will be just an explanation of what i said before.	This frist post will be just an explanation of what i said before.
I will be waiting for your corrections!	I will be waiting for your corrections!
What is Eisa?	What is Eisa?
Hello.	Hello.
This is quite long, but I just need an english speaker to proofread it for me.	This is quite long, but I just need an english speaker to proofread it for me.
Just make an annotation if something is not clear or there is some grammar mistake, that's all.	Just make an annotation if something is not clear or there is some grammar mistake, that's all.
I hope you can give me a hand.	I hope you can give me a hand.
Cheers	Cheers
>>	>>
What is Eisa?	What is Eisa?
Eisa is a form of folk dance unique to the people of the Ryukyu Islands, performed mainly during the Obon Festival, from the 13th to the 15th of July.	Eisa is a form of folk dance unique to the people of the Ryukyu Islands, performed mainly during the Obon Festival, from the 13th to the 15th of July.
The 13th is the unkë (welcome day) where ancestor spirits come back to the living world to visit their families.	The 13th is the unkë (welcome day) where ancestor spirits come back to the living world to visit their families.
They stay during the 14th or nakanuhí (middle day), finally to leave on the 15th's ükui (seeing off day).	They stay during the 14th or nakanuhí (middle day), finally to leave on the 15th's ükui (seeing off day).
On this last day, the young people of each village get together, and parade among the streets while dancing and beating taiko drums at the rhythm of folk music	On this last day, the young people of each village get together, and parade among the streets while dancing and beating taiko drums at the rhythm of folk music.
The songs and dances differ from village to village.	The songs and dances differ from village to village.
Why and how did eisa start?	Why and how did eisa start?
As a matter of fact, the origins of eisa are not clear.	As a matter of fact, the origins of eisa are not clear.
There are lots of different theories, and one of the most recognized is the one that follows.	There are lots of different theories, and one of the most recognized is the one that follows.
During the Shönei Dynasty Period (1587–1620), a Holy Priest called Taichü stayed in Okinawa in his way from Kyoto to China.	During the Shönei Dynasty Period (1587–1620), a Holy Priest called Taichü stayed in Okinawa in his way from Kyoto to China.
As part if his missionary work, he introduced Buddhist prayers and chants, translated into plain language, in the form of poems and songs.	As part if his missionary work, he introduced Buddhist prayers and chants, translated into plain language, in the form of poems and songs.
This is believed to be the beginning of Buddhism in Okinawa.	This is believed to be the beginning of Buddhism in Okinawa.
In order to propagate this teachings, dances from the Jodo Buddhist sect were added to this chants and songs to make them easier to remember.	In order to propagate this teachings, dances from the Jodo Buddhist sect were added to this chants and songs to make them easier to remember.
This marks the origin of the eisa we see today.	This marks the origin of the eisa we see today.
On time, this Buddhist dance mixed with Okinawa's traditional culture and it became a custom to perform it during the Obon festival.	On time, this Buddhist dance mixed with Okinawa's traditional culture and it became a custom to perform it during the Obon festival.
At the time, it was danced wearing black clothes, on bear foot while marching among the village's households forming a parade (many of this original customs have carried over and are still practiced).	At the time, it was danced wearing black clothes, on bear foot while marching among the village's households forming a parade (many of this original customs have carried over and are still practiced).
With the passage of time lots of changes occurred, and the eisa we can see today have developed a stronger sense of performing art, being much more enjoyable to watch.	With the passage of time lots of changes occurred, and the eisa we can see today have developed a stronger sense of performing art, being much more enjoyable to watch.
Specially, thanks to the Zento Eisa Contest (Whole Island Eisa Contest) that started in 1956, young groups from various places competed against each other, and in order to get the 1st place, each of them proactively introduced positive elements from other arts, displaying remarkable improvements on drum and dancing techniques, and costume attractiveness.	Specially, thanks to the Zento Eisa Contest (Whole Island Eisa Contest) that started in 1956, young groups from various places competed against each other, and in order to get the 1st place, each of them proactively introduced positive elements from other arts, displaying remarkable improvements on drum and dancing techniques, and costume attractiveness.
Today, eisa is not limited to Okinawa nor the Obon Festival, and can be enjoyed in many diverse festivals through Japan and the World.	Today, eisa is not limited to Okinawa nor the Obon Festival, and can be enjoyed in many diverse festivals through Japan and the World.
My best Friend s Birthday!!!	My best Friend's Birthday!!!
Yesterday somefriends and I planned a surprise party at a bowling 	Yesterday some friends and I planned a surprise party at a bowling 
center for my friend	alley for my friend
We were supose to surprise my friend but we CREW our plan when 	We were suposed to surprise my friend but we CREW our plan when 
We were supose to surprise my friend but we CREW our plan when 	We were supose to surprise my friend but our plan was messed up when 
we left the cake with no protection,and some kids took that chance to eat our cake.	we left the cake with no protection,and some kids took that chance to eat it. "The cake" is implied.
Anyway we had to buy another one and then everything whent 	Anyway we had to buy another one and then everything went 
Anyway we had to buy another one and then everything whent 	Anyway, we had to buy another one and then everything went
smoothly.	smoothly.
Somebody told me	Somebody told me
Somebody told me, "the life is hard, everybody suffer, everybody cry, no hope, no  future" this words said to me my old friend, he commits suicide some years ago, and I still remember this words with pain.	"Life is hard, everybody suffer, everybody cry, there is no hope, no future" this is what my old friend said to me, he committed suicide some years ago, and I still remember this words with pain.
Somebody told me, "the life is hard, everybody suffer, everybody cry, no hope, no  future" this words said to me my old friend, he commits suicide some years ago, and I still remember this words with pain.	Somebody told me, "the life is hard, everybody suffer, everybody cry, no hope, no future" this words said to me my old friend, he commits suicide some years ago, and I still remember these words with pain.
I coul`d do anything for him, and I can`t do anything  with this pain, but I still smile, when somebody are suffering, I give a hand, and smile him, and give support but...	I couldn`t do anything for him, and I can`t do anything with this pain, but I still smile, when somebody is suffering, I give them a hand, and smile to them, and give them support but...
I think, I do that for him.	I think, I did that for him.
Today a feel like this "the life is hard, no hope, no future"	Today I got this feeling again "the life is hard, there is no hope, no future"
Today a feel like this "the life is hard, no hope, no future"	Today a feel like this " life is hard, no hope, no future"
Alguien me dijo "la vida es dura, todo el mundo sufre, todo el mundo llora, no hay esperanza, ni futuro" esas palabras me las dijo mi viejo amigo, el se suicido hace unos años y todavía las recuerdo con dolor.	Alguien me dijo "la vida es dura, todo el mundo sufre, todo el mundo llora, no hay esperanza, ni futuro" esas palabras me las dijo mi viejo amigo, el se suicido hace unos años y todavía las recuerdo con dolor.
No pude hacer nada por el y no puedo hacer nada con este dolor pero todavía sonrío, cuando alguien esta sufriendo le doy una mano y le sonrío, le doy apoyo pero...	No pude hacer nada por el y no puedo hacer nada con este dolor pero todavía sonrío, cuando alguien esta sufriendo le doy una mano y le sonrío, le doy apoyo pero...
creo que lo hago por el.	creo que lo hago por el.
Hoy me siento así "la vida es dura, no hay esperanza ni futuro"	Hoy me siento así "la vida es dura, no hay esperanza ni futuro"
Puede ser que este muy mal por que no le use ninguna ayuda.	Puede ser que este muy mal por que no le use ninguna ayuda.
Think In english	Think In English
Today I was thinkin...	Today I was thinking...
every friend I know speaks in english, and I just write some stuffs because I always watch Friends or The big bang Theory series, and some phrases I keep in my head but my english is terrible!!!	every friend I know speaks English, and I only write some things because I always watch television shows like Friends or The Big Bang Theory and some phrases that I keep in my head but my English is terrible!!!
every friend I know speaks in english, and I just write some stuffs because I always watch Friends or The big bang Theory series, and some phrases I keep in my head but my english is terrible!!!	Every friend I know speaks in English, and I just write some stuff because I always watch Friends or The big bang Theory series, and some phrases I keep in my head but my English is terrible!!!
I hope you can help me people!!	I hope you can help me !!
Thanks ♥	Thanks ♥
My day.	My day.
Today I went to the hospital in the morning, this place make`s me afraid, but I need to care my body.	Today I went to the hospital in the morning, this place make`s me afraid, but I need to care my body.
At the evening I went to my university but my teachers didn`t come.	At the evening I went to my university but my teachers didn`t come.
Now, I cleaning my room and plays the drumms...	Now, I cleaning my room and plays the drumms...
I`m happy because I fail 1 test, but I passed 8 test`s.	I`m happy because I fail 1 test, but I passed 8 test`s.
Thank you for read me and help me ^^	Thank you for read me and help me ^^
What will happen in the year 2012?	What will happen in the year 2012?
The people says is the end of the world, 	People say it's the end of the world, 
because in this year the Maya's calendar ends.	because in this year the Mayan calendar ends.
currently this world is not very good.	currently this world is in bad shape.
-it has a lot of people with hungry.	-There are a lot of people suffering from hunger.
-it has many wars with not apparent reason 	-There are many wars with no apparent reason 
-it has racial and social discrimination.	-There is a lot of racial and social discrimination.
-the Rich people are few in comparison with the poor people.	-the Rich people are few in comparison with the poor people.
In Mexico Carlos Slim Elu (TELMEX,CEO)he has sixty billions dollars,	In Mexico Carlos Slim Elu (TELMEX,CEO) has sixty billions dollars,
-the SIDA disease kills thousands of people	-the HIV disease kills thousands of people
I do not know What will happen in this year, but what is the difference?	I do not know What will happen this year, but what is the difference?
I'm sorry, I don't knew what write.	I'm sorry, I didn't know what write.
Best Regards, for all persons.	Best Regards, to all.
the man ned Help	the man who needed Help
the man ned Help	The man who needed help
Hi all.	Hi all.
I am study English since child	I have studied English since I was a child
I am study English since child	I have been studying English since I was a child
but I am not very good.	but I am still  not very good.
One day, I am Find to a man	One day, I met a man OR One day, I came across a man
One day, I am Find to a man	One day, a man found me
and the man says:"help me I don't speak spanish I'm American, I'm from Florida"	and the man said :"help me I don't speak spanish I'm American, I'm from Florida" 
and the man says:"help me I don't speak spanish I'm American, I'm from Florida"	and the man said:"help me, I don't speak Spanish. I'm American. I'm from Florida."
and the man says:"help me I don't speak spanish I'm American, I'm from Florida	"and the man said, "Help me, I don't speak spanish. I'm American, I'm from Florida." 
in the begin, I thought: 'this man are crazy'	in the beginning, I thought: 'this man is crazy'
but after I thought:'maybe realy this man need help'	but then I thought:'maybe this man really needs help'
but after I thought:'maybe realy this man need help'	but then I thought, 'maybe this man really needs help.'
I ask this man, Can I help you?	I asked this man, Can I help you?
and the man answer me: yes, Could you tell me, please where are  the American Consulate?	and the man answered me: yes, Could you tell me, please where is the American Consulate?
and the man answer me: yes, Could you tell me, please where are  the American Consulate?	and the man answer me: Yes, could you please tell me where is the American Consulate?
how, I do not know speak a lot of english, I answer: sorry I do not can help you.	Since OR Because I do not speak a lot of english, I answered: sorry I cannot help you.
how, I do not know speak a lot of english, I answer: sorry I do not can help you.	Since I do not speak much English, I answered: Sorry, I cannot help you.
for this reason, I want to learn speak english	for this reason, I want to learn to speak english
for this reason, I want to learn speak english	After this incident, I want to improve my English
for this reason, I want to learn speak english	for this reason, I want to learn to speak english
I could not help this man.	Because I could not help this man.
I could not help this man.	because I could not help this man.
more about me.....	more about me.....
Hi all	Hi everybody
My name is Robert	My name is Roberto
I am from Monterrey City, México	I am from Monterrey City, México
I am twenty one years old.	I am twenty one years old.
I like the soccer, my favorite team are the 'Rayados of Monterrey'	I like soccer, my favorite team is 'Rayados of Monterrey'
Now I am work in HEB - Comercial Shop	Now I am working at HEB - convenience store
this company are from the United States,	This company is from the United States,
the CEO is Howard Butt III and In Mexico exists thirty four HEB stores 	the CEO is Howard Butt III. And in Mexico, there are thirty four HEB stores 
Any day, I will like to travel for the United States,	Someday, I would like to travel to the United States,
I will like to meet people for converse in english	I would like to meet people to talk in English.
my cousin says me:, that I have to study the english language.	my cousin tells me that I have to study English.
in the begining, I was not paying attention, but after I thought: 'He has reason' because in Mexico, the people that do not speak english do not earn a lot of money.	In the begining, I did not care. But after some time. I thought: 'He is on absolutely correct'. Because in Mexico, people who don't speak english can't make a lot of money.
I write a little text, but is dificult.	I write a little text, but is dificult.
sorry  but I dont know that more so write,for any comments I am at your orders,Thanks so much.	I'm sorry. But I dont know that else so write. Any comments will be welcome. Thank you very much.
Best Regards	Best Regards
they have a nice day!!!!!	Have a nice day!!!!!
The big war...	The big war...
When I was a child,I do not liked read.	When I was a child,I did not liked to read about it.
Currently, it is one of my favorite hobbies.	Currently, it is one of my favorite hobbies.
I have read about the second world war	I have read about the second world war
Japan bombing Pearl Harbor the navy base of United States in the Ocean Pacific and in response United States shot two atomic bombs on Japan, specifically on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaky,a lot of people died in these unfortunately days.	Japan bombed against  Pearl Harbor where was the navy base of United States in the Ocean Pacific and for getting back on The United State dropped  two atomic bombs on Japan, specifically on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaky.At the result a lot of people died in these unfortunately days.
Mexico declared war on Germany,because two German submarines undieron two Mexican oil tankers.	Mexico declared war on Germany,because two German submarines undieron two Mexican oil tankers.
fortunately I think so in this moment,these old problems has been forgotten and in the current world all countries 	fortunately I think in this moment,these old problems have forgotten , and these days all countries 
lives in armony.	lives in with armaments.
I hope that will not be any other world war again.	I hope that no more war won't happen again.
Thanks so much for your corrections and comments	Thanks so much for your corrections and comments
The best soccer player from Monterrey	The best soccer player from Monterrey
Jesus Arellano is the best soccer Player from Monterrey.	Jesus Arellano is the best soccer player from Monterrey.
He has ten years playing soccer in the Mexican league	He has played soccer, for ten years, in the Mexican league  
and he has twenty eight years old.	and he is twenty eight years old.
many people says: He is good-looking, 	Many people say he is good-looking.
the people call him 'Cabrito' or 'Charrito' because in Monterrey the most popular food is the cabrito.	The people call him 'Cabrito' or 'Charrito' because in Monterrey the most popular food is the cabrito.
Arellano born in Monterrey, He is from a poor family but 	Arellano was born in Monterrey. He is from a poor family, but
currently He is very rich.	currently he is very rich.
before, when Arellano was young,He played some games with the Mexican team playing the world cups in France 1998, Corea-Japan 2002 and Germany 2006	When Arellano was young, he played some games with the Mexican team during the World Cups in France 1998, Corea-Japan 2002, and Germany 2006.
In the near future he was retired of the soccer.	In the near future he will retire from soccer.
In the near future he was retired of the soccer.	In the near future he will retire of the soccer.
thanks so much for your comments	thanks so much for your comments
My new job	My new job
Recently in my Job:"H-E-B Groceries" my boss offered me a new job, 	Recently in my Job:"H-E-B Groceries" my boss offered me a new job, 
 but he told me that in my new job I am going to need speak english with	Recently at "H-E-B Groceries" my boss offered me a new job, in which I will need to speak English to people in San Antonio.
some persons of San Antonio Texas,I accepted knowing that my english is not very good yet	I accepted despite the fact that my English is not very good yet.
so, beginnig the year, I was started to study a lot for improve my english, i think that is not 	So, starting this year, I started to study harder to improve my English.
sufficient for speak with a persons that the english is your native language but for me is a good start.	sufficient for speak with a persons that the english is your native language but for me is a good start.
about me..	about me..
in this moment i am in my job,	At this moment I am at work,
and i am bored, 	and I am bored, 
mi cousin say 'i am a genius' but he is not very inteligent.	My cousin says I am a genius, but he is not very intelligent.or he is not so bright, or he is not that smart. We usually use a metaphor when we insult people like "she's not the shiniest coin in the fountain!"
i am married whit Nadia Judith and i have one little girl her name is 	I am married to Nadia Judith and I have one little girl; her name is 
Ingrid Michelle and she has 10months old.	Ingrid Michelle and she is 10months old.
i dont remember more..	I don't remember more..
only this...	only this...
best regards....	best regards....
I want to learn english!!!!	I want to learn english!!!!
Hi, I`m Monica I from Colombia and I want to learn English.	Hi, I`m Monica I from Colombia and I want to learn English.
Can anybody help me?	Can anybody help me?
For example my English teacher gave my final  notes and they were very bad!!!	For example my English teacher gave my final  notes and they were very bad!!!
yesterday	yesterday
I decided to start learning Japanese.	I decided to start learning Japanese.
I'm not sure if I should jump into a new language before even mastering my own or the one I have to try to use everyday.	I'm not sure if I should jump into a new language before even mastering my own or the one I have to try to use everyday.
I think I just gave up on English; it doesn't matter how hard I try I can't improve anymore, I don't even want to get started with my accent.	I think I just gave up on English; it doesn't matter how hard I try I can't improve anymore, I don't even want to get started with my accent.
who knows maybe someday I'll master them all, or maybe none.	who knows maybe someday I'll master them all, or maybe none.
The only way to achieve fluency is through practice and I think this website will definitively help me.	The only way to achieve fluency is through practice and I think this website will definitively help me.
Tourism in Mexico	Tourism in Mexico
I'm doing an article about the tuorism in Mexico.	I'm doing an article about the tourism in Mexico.
In some years, according  with our  authorities  the country will be the fifth nacion more visited by international tourists in the world.	In a few years, according to our authorities, the country will be the fifth most visited nation by international tourists in the world.
To achive that is neccesary to diversify the promotion in other nations like Korea, China, Japan, Brasil and Argentina because we receive a huge amount of visitants from United States and Canada.	To achieve that it is necessary to diversify promotion to other nations like Korea, China, Japan, Brasil and Argentina because we receive a huge amount of visitors from United States and Canada.
Another strategy is promote other activities in Mexico in order to people know that the country  is more than its destinies of sun and beach like: Cancún, Puerto Vallarta y Los Cabos.	Another strategy is to promote other activities in Mexico in order to let people know that the country is more than its destinations of sunny beaches like Cancún, Puerto Vallarta and Los Cabos.
In this topic, one of the most surprising thing is to know that Turkey is growin rapidly  in this sector.	In this topic, one of the most surprising things is the rapid increase in the number of Turkish tourists.
Could someone recommended me music in English? 	Could someone recommended me music in English? 
I want to download some music to my phone but I´m not a specialist in music, in fact I don't have a special interest in this.	I want to download some music to my phone, but I´m not too much of a musician. In fact, I don't have a special interest in this.
I want to download some music to my phone but I´m not a specialist in music, in fact I don't have a special interest in this.	I want to download some music to my phone but I´m not a specialist in music, in fact I don't have any special interest in it.
So could someone recommended me some music in English?	So could someone recommend to me some English music?
I don´t like hard rock.	I don´t like hard rock.
To be honest, I´m more attracted by pop music or something like Depeche Mode or Snow Patrol.	To be honest, I like pop music more. I like artists such as Depeche Mode and Snow Patrol.
Do you know something like this?	Is there music that is similar to this?
Do you know something like this?	Do you know of anything like this?
My city	My city
Maybe you don't know this, but I live in Mexico City.	Maybe you don't know this, but I live in Mexico City.
Somebody says that this is one of the biggest city in the world; just behind of Ney York in the United States and Tokyo in Japan.	Somebody said that this is one of the biggest cities in the world; just behind New York in the United States and Tokyo in Japan.
I´m not sure if this is real eventhough there are more than 22 millions of people living in this metropolitan area.	I´m not sure if this is true even_though there are more than 22 million people living in this metropolitan area.
The most importan avenue in the city is called "Paseo de la Reforma".	The most important avenue in the city is called "Paseo de la Reforma".
At the end of XIX Century we had a president named Porfirio Díaz.	At the end of the 19th Century we had a president named Porfirio Díaz.
He had a especial interest in  french culture; as a consequent of that, he built this avenue like a replic of Chaps Elysees in Paris.	He had a special interest in French culture; consequently, he built this avenue like a replica of Chaps Elysees in Paris.
Nowadays, this street are still the beautiful part of the city.	Nowadays, this street is still the most beautiful part of the city.
In that place it is located the most importan monument called "Independent´s Angel" and there is a big discussion about if this is a male or a female angel, because it has breast instead of chest.	There the city's most important monument is located, called "The Independence Angel" and there is a big debate about whether this is a male or a female angel, because it has breasts.
Depressive day	Depressing day
Depressive day	Depressing Day
Today is a depressive day in Mexico City.	Today is a depressing day in Mexico City.
Today is a depressive day in Mexico City.	Today is a depressing day in Mexico City.
There was a heavy rain during the first hours of the morning  because of  a tropical storm,  class 4, was formed  in front of Acapulco (a mexican beach in The Pacific Ocean)	There was heavy rain during the first hours of the morning because a class-4 tropical storm formed in front of Acapulco (a Mexican beach bordering the Pacific Ocean)
There was a heavy rain during the first hours of the morning  because of  a tropical storm,  class 4, was formed  in front of Acapulco (a mexican beach in The Pacific Ocean)	There was heavy rain during the first hours of the morning because of a Category 4 tropical storm formed in front of Acapulco (a Mexican beach on The Pacific Ocean).
In the city the sky is completely cloudy and moreover  the autumn season began three days ago, so that we had to say good by at the summer and in this moment the rain started again.	In the city the sky is completely cloudy and, moreover, the autumn season began three days ago; we had to say goodbye to the summer and in this moment the rain started again.
In the city the sky is completely cloudy and moreover  the autumn season began three days ago, so that we had to say good by at the summer and in this moment the rain started again.	In the city, the sky is completely cloudy and, moreover, the autumn season began three days ago, so we had to say goodbye to the summer, and in this moment the rain started again.
The  hard way of English Certification Exams 	The  hard way of English Certification Exams 
Today, I made a diagnostic TOEFL test in order begin  a process to prepare this exam and I just achived 496 points (in a escale from 310 to 677) This reminded  me how difficult the English Certifications Exams are.	Today, I took a diagnostic TOEFL test in order to begin the process of preparing for this exam. My score was only 496 points (on a scale of 310 to 677) This reminded me of how difficult the English Certifications Exams are.
My English teacher  says that the people who elaborated these exames just want to made our life miserable and  I think that she has reason.	My English teacher says that the people who wrote these exames just wanted to make our lives miserable, and I think that she is right. has reason.
I mean, How  you can  answer 55 grammar questions in 25 minutes?	I mean, How  you can  answer 55 grammar questions in 25 minutes?
You have an average of 28 seconds to answer each one.	You have an average of 28 seconds to answer each question.
The good news is that I just need an average of 500 point to my purposes, but I know that to be an advance user of English you need more than 560 and, apparently, that amount is so far to me in this moment.	The good news is that I just need an average of 500 point to reach my goal , but I know that to be an advanced user of English you need more than 560 and, apparently, that score is far from me at the moment.
The party	The Party
Today, I had an invitation for a party but I did't attended it because I'm not gonna know anybody, except the friend who invited me.	Today, I had an invitation for a party but I didn't attend it because I would not have known anybody , except the friend who invited me.
Today, I had an invitation for a party but I did't attended it because I'm not gonna know anybody, except the friend who invited me.	Today, I got an invitation to a party, but I didn't go because I wouldn't have known anybody except the friend who invited me.
What do you do in this ocassions?	What do you do in these situations?
What do you do in this ocassions?	What do you do in these situations?
I mean, more than one time I had received this kind of invitations but I´m not such a outgoing person.	I mean, more than one time I had received this kind of invitation but I´m not such an outgoing person.
I mean, more than one time I had received this kind of invitations but I´m not such a outgoing person.	I mean, I had received this kind of invitation more than once, but I'm not such an outgoing person.
So when I go to a party I like to know more than one person in order to talk with someone.	So when I go to a party I like to know more than one person, in order to have someone familiar to talk to.
So when I go to a party I like to know more than one person in order to talk with someone.	So when I go to a party, I like to know more than one person in order to talk with someone.
The  Independence Day 	The  Independence Day 
The Independence Day in Mexico was  yesterday, september 16th, and as it is usual we celebrated this date with the independence shout; eating "pozole" a mexican food,  prepared with corn and chicken; drinking tequila and listening "mariachis", at least, this is the most tradicional way to celebrate this day.	Independence Day in Mexico was yesterday, September 16th, and as usual we celebrated this date with the independence shout, eating "pozole", a Mexican food, prepared with corn and chicken, drinking tequila and listening to "mariachis". At least, this is the most traditional way to celebrate this day.
Even though this region  is one of the most old places because the origen of civilization begin here (in Mesoamerica joint with Mesopotamia),  Mexico is a relatively  new country,  with just two centuries to have been founded as a nation.	Even though this region is one of the oldest places because it is the origin of civilization (when Mesoamerica joined with Mesopotamia), Mexico is a relatively new country, with just two centuries since having been founded as a nation.
Thanks	Thanks
I was seeing all new entries that have been written in English for people who are learning this language and these are large amount of, so I just want to thank  the people who have corrected me because you have a lot of work to do, haha.	I was looking at all the new entries that have been written in English by people who are learning this language and there are large amount of them. So I just want to thank the people who have corrected me because you have a lot of work to do! haha.
My economic etudies	My economic studies
My economic etudies	My economic studies
In August, I will start studying a especialitation in Economy.	In August, I will start studying a specialisation in economics.
In August, I will start studying a especialitation in Economy.	In August, I will start studying a especialitation in Economy.In August I will start studying a specialization in Economics. ORIn August I will start studying Economics.
I´m nervous for that because I finished the university  several years ago and I´m not sure if I still remember how to study,jaja.	I´m nervous for that because I finished university several years ago and I´m not sure if I still remember how to study, ha ha.
I´m nervous for that because I finished the university  several years ago and I´m not sure if I still remember how to study,jaja.	I'm nervous for that because I finished the university several years ago and I'm not sure if I still remember how to study, jaja.En inglés, jaja = haha :)
To be honest, the most difficult part for me will be Stadistic, because I've never studied that subject, but I hope to be succed in this new project.	To be honest, the most difficult part for me will be statistics, because I've never studied that subject, but I hope to be succeed in this new project.
To be honest, the most difficult part for me will be Stadistic, because I've never studied that subject, but I hope to be succed in this new project.	To be honest, the most difficult part for me will be Statistics, because I've never studied that subject, but I hope to be succed in this new project.
My first written	My first written
Hello, this is Ramon from spain and my English is very basic, I want speak English because is the most important languaje and is neccesary looking for work.	Hello, this is Ramon from spain and my English is very basic, I want speak English because is the most important languaje and is neccesary looking for work.
I like find work in international transport, because I am a trucks driver.	I like find work in international transport, because I am a trucks driver.
As well as for work in a shop is very important know English and understand it.	As well as for work in a shop is very important know English and understand it.
The next week I'll fry a long of written.	The next week I'll fry a long of written.
I see who this page is very interesting for learn languaje and perfect it.	I see who this page is very interesting for learn languaje and perfect it.
I can correcting the Spanish languaje because is my first languaje.	I can correcting the Spanish languaje because is my first languaje.
Goodbye, see you soon.	Goodbye, see you soon.
have u?	have u?
have you felt sometime you make mistake and cant go on( seguir adelante) with the live.	Have you ever felt, when you've made a mistake, that you can't go on living?
cause this happens to me and its so complicate feel impotent.	This happens to me and it's so complicated I feel powerless.
hi!	hi!
im new here and i hope have many friends who i can help and help me...	I'm new here and I hope to have many friends whom I can help and can help me too.
bye bye	bye-bye!
Would you be who you are today if you hadn´t endured the trials in your life?	Would you be who you are today if you hadn´t endured the trials in your life?
I think that if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i wouldn´t feel good with my life.	I think that if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i wouldn´t feel good with my life.
But i like the way that live and i think if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i wouldn´t learn the things that i know.	But i like the way that live and i think if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i wouldn´t learn the things that i know.
Here i list three reasons because i like the way that i live .	Here i list three reasons because i like the way that i live .
The first is that the hits of life makes you grow.	The first is that the hits of life makes you grow.
For example one hit that makes me grow was when i almost fail in school i was very scared of lose a year of my life so since that day i decided to study more and more to not be in the same situatiation.	For example one hit that makes me grow was when i almost fail in school i was very scared of lose a year of my life so since that day i decided to study more and more to not be in the same situatiation.
The second reason is sometimes you need to face your problem and fix them one by one because your problems one day all your problems would be pilled and you couldn´t fix all them.	The second reason is sometimes you need to face your problem and fix them one by one because your problems one day all your problems would be pilled and you couldn´t fix all them.
For example if you have a problem try to fix it in the instant that you get it.	For example if you have a problem try to fix it in the instant that you get it.
The third reason is that you are not alone so try to look for help in someone to help you wit your problem maybe giving you an advice or giving you moral support.	The third reason is that you are not alone so try to look for help in someone to help you wit your problem maybe giving you an advice or giving you moral support.
For example sometimes when i have a problem i tlak with my mother and she tell me what i need to do to solve my problem i conclusion i think that trials makes grow and makes you get strengthin the life so if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i shouldn´t have bee who i am today.	For example sometimes when i have a problem i tlak with my mother and she tell me what i need to do to solve my problem i conclusion i think that trials makes grow and makes you get strengthin the life so if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i shouldn´t have bee who i am today.
Letter example 2	Letter example 2
Hi!	Hi!
I hope your weekend is being terrific!	I hope your weekend is terrific!
I hope your weekend is being terrific!	I hope your weekend has been terrific!
I was busy today.	I was busy today.
Several friends have had delays in their flights because a strike of the air traffic controllers.	Several friends have had their flights delayed because of an air traffic controllers strike.
They had stop the spanish airspace for the last 36 hours...	They had stop the Spanish airspace for the last 36 hours.
They had stop the spanish airspace for the last 36 hours...	They had close Spanish airspace for the last 36 hours...
In the afternoon, I have talked at the same time with my brother, who is living in Kenya, and my sister, from the USA.	In the afternoon, I have spoke to both my brother, who is living in Kenya, and my sister, from the USA.
My family seems like the UN, I know!	My family is like the UN, I know!
I'm green of envy ;) I love Spain, but I always had wanted to live abroad since I was a child :P	I'm green with envy ;) I love Spain, but I have always wanted to live abroad since I was a child :P
This is a long weekend (5 days) in Spain, and I've planned go out for lunch tomorrow...	This is a long weekend (5 days) in Spain, and I've planned go out for lunch tomorrow...
An exciting weekend, as you may have noticed (sarcastic, of course, I like very much to go out with my friends!	An exciting weekend, as you may have noticed (sarcastic, of course). I like going out with my friends very much!
An exciting weekend, as you may have noticed (sarcastic, of course, I like very much to go out with my friends!	An exciting weekend, as you may have noticed (sarcastic, of course) I l really like going out with my friends!
=D)	=D)
I hope to talk with you soon	I hope to talk with you soon.
I hope to talk with you soon	I hope to talk to you soon
ASCII Code for spanish characters.	ASCII Code for spanish characters.
Hi, everybody:	Hi, everybody:
One of my lang-8 friends asked me how can he write the "¡" symbol with an English keyboard.	One of my lang-8 friends asked me how can he write the "¡" symbol with an English keyboard.
I've already answered him in a private message, but I'd want to extend that reply for every lang-8 people.	I've already answered him in a private message, but I'd want to extend that reply for every lang-8 people.
Maybe, somebody will find it as a help.	Maybe, somebody will find it as a help.
If you have a non-Spanish keyboard, you can write the Spanish characters using the ASCII code.	If you have a non-Spanish keyboard, you can write the Spanish characters using the ASCII code.
You must keep pressed the 'ALT Gr' key while you type the numerical code.	You must keep pressed the 'ALT Gr' key while you type the numerical code.
Following are the most used Spanish characters and their corresponding codes:	Following are the most used Spanish characters and their corresponding codes:
á = ALT + 160	á = ALT + 160
é = ALT + 130	é = ALT + 130
í = ALT + 161	í = ALT + 161
ó = ALT + 162	ó = ALT + 162
ú = ALT + 163	ú = ALT + 163
ñ = ALT + 164	ñ = ALT + 164
Ñ = ALT + 165	Ñ = ALT + 165
ü = ALT + 129	ü = ALT + 129
Ü = ALT + 154	Ü = ALT + 154
¿ = ALT + 168	¿ = ALT + 168
¡ = ALT + 173	¡ = ALT + 173
I hope it would be of great help.	I hope it would be of great help.
Till the next time ;)	Till the next time ;)
Hello im new here, help with my english.	Hello im new here, help with my english.
Hello!!!	Hello!!!
well im new here and im very exited to se how can i grow up my english here.	Well, I'm new here and am very exited to see how I can improve my English.
My main language is spanish, im from Puerto Rico, my english is from school and lot of reading and trying some personal studys, today youtube, google and network communications is awesome for learn a lot of language.	My main language is Spanish. I'm from Puerto Rico and my English knowledge is from school, a lot of reading, some personal study, youtube, Google and network communications, which is awesome for learning a lot about language.
I think that is all about practice, dedication and be autodidact.	I think that it is all about practice, dedication, and to be autodidact.
So im open to learn and help some teaching about spanish, so my main language is very open to new words every thay, so is some kind of same and different to spanish languages like from Venezuela, Chile, Colombia, Espa~a(Spain), etc...	I'm open to learning and helping to My main language is very open to new words. So are some kinds of other Spanish languages. Like in Venezuela, Chile, Colombia, Spain, etc...
I hope i can be a good help.	I hope that I can be of good help.
So keep going every body and im here to make new friends and of course, learn a lot.	So keep going every body and im here to make new friends and of course, learn a lot.
Hola!!!	Hola!!!
bueno, soy nuevo aqui y estoy bien ancioso de ver como mi ingles crece aqui.	bueno, soy nuevo aqui y estoy bien ancioso de ver como mi ingles crece aqui.
Mi idioma primario es espa~ol, soy de Puerto Rico, mi ingles y espa~ol es de escuela, como pueden ver estoy tratando de aprender ingles, incluso mi espa~ol no es muy bueno gramaticamente.	Mi idioma primario es espa~ol, soy de Puerto Rico, mi ingles y espa~ol es de escuela, como pueden ver estoy tratando de aprender ingles, incluso mi espa~ol no es muy bueno gramaticamente.
Hoy dia youtube, google y los medios de comunicacion en internet so impresionantes.	Hoy dia youtube, google y los medios de comunicacion en internet so impresionantes.
Pero al fin y al cabo todo es cuestion de practica y ser autodidiacta, si quieren aprender espa~ol aqui estoy para alludarles, mi espa~ol es bastante parecido y diferente a la misma vez a los paises como Venezuela, Chile, Colombia, Espa~a, etc...	Pero al fin y al cabo todo es cuestion de practica y ser autodidiacta, si quieren aprender espa~ol aqui estoy para alludarles, mi espa~ol es bastante parecido y diferente a la misma vez a los paises como Venezuela, Chile, Colombia, Espa~a, etc...
Espero que pueda ser de gran ayuda.	Espero que pueda ser de gran ayuda.
Pues sigan haci todo el mundo aqui estoy para hacer nuevos amigos y por su puesto, aprender muchisimo.	Pues sigan haci todo el mundo aqui estoy para hacer nuevos amigos y por su puesto, aprender muchisimo.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Arigato!!!!!	ありがとう!!!!
lol i dong know nothing of Japanese sooo...	日本語を知らないから・・・・。
I NEED A LOT OF HELP!!!!!.	ヘルプが必要です!!!
Using the internet to learn a new language	Using the internet to learn a new language
Some people say learn a new language requires a lot of work and dedication, and is probably true!	Some people say learning a new language requires a lot of work and dedication, and that is probably true!
Beside the internet and movies I've seen in English, I was in a institute for 3 years learning English by reading and memorize its grammar.	Beside the internet and movies I've seen in English, I was in a institute for 3 years learning English by reading and memorize its grammar.
I don't like that system, so I've decided to learn Japanese without any instructor or institute, first just for fun, but rapidly I was immersed in japanese culture and customs.	I don't like that system, so I've decided to learn Japanese without any instructor or institute, first just for fun, but rapidly I was immersed in Japanese culture and customs.
Learn a language does't imply just learn vocabulary and grammar, It involves the culture and people behind a particular communication system.	Learning a language doesn't imply just learning vocabulary and grammar, it involves the culture and people behind a particular communication system.
I'm just a beginner now, but with a little help around forums and talks perhaps I would speak Japanese quicker than people who go in a institute 2 times per week.	I'm just a beginner now, but with a little help around forums and talks perhaps I can learn how to speak Japanese quicker than the people who go to an institute 2 times per week.
About Paraguay (part 1)	About Paraguay (part 1)
Paraguay is a landlocked country in the middle of South America.	Paraguay is a landlocked country in the middle of South America.
Many people outside the continent even don't know about its existence.	Many people outside the continent even don't know about its existence.
Our history is very rich, we had two wars and many internal conflicts between the two main political parties.	Our history is very rich, we had two wars and many internal conflicts between the two main political parties.
The Triple Alliance War (1864-1870) was the greatest war in the region fighting three countries against us.	The Triple Alliance War (1864-1870) was the greatest war in the region fighting three countries against us.
We had lost almost one third of territory and we never recovered the formerly gold age of prosperity we used to have.	We had lost almost one third of territory and we never recovered the formerly gold age of prosperity we used to have.
After the war more than 60% of the Paraguayan people found death in battle or were killed by tropical diseases being the most deadly war for a country based on the proportionality of its population.	After the war more than 60% of the Paraguayan people found death in battle or were killed by tropical diseases being the most deadly war for a country based on the proportionality of its population.
new entry x)	New entry x)
well I made some corrections in others entries andi It´s time to my friends correct me xD	I made some corrections in others entries, so now it's time for my friends to correct me! xD
well I made some corrections in others entries andi It´s time to my friends correct me xD	I made some corrections in others' entries, so now it´s time for my friends to correct me xD
I´m going to tell you when I have my firts shift of Gynecology at San Rafael´s Hospital, it was at 5:30 pm and I were the only one of my group there, we supposed to get in at 6 pm so I called them to asked where they were?	I'm going to tell you about my first shift of Gynecology at San Rafael's Hospital. It was at 5:30 pm and I was the only one of my group there, we were supposed to start at 6 pm, so I called them to ask where they were.
so they told me that is going to be there at 550 xS meanwhile I meet some other guys from other university who were doing shift as I were (in my mind I was happy because they knew the hospital and could help us) later my work team arrived at 5:58pm so we ran to the hospital because at 6 we had to report to the doctor in charge.	They told me that they were going to be there at 5:50. xS Meanwhile, I met some guys from another university who were doing the same shift as I was. ( I was happy because they knew the hospital, and could help us.) At 5:58pm my team showed up, and we had to run to the hospital to check in for our shift, which was at 6.
we usually are in Zacamil´s hospital so we had no idea where Gynecology was but by asking one gets Rome right?	We are usually in Zacamil's hospital, so we had no idea where Gynecology was; but we found someone who pointed us in the right direction.
finally we made it may be not on time (6:05pm jejeje xD)but we find our path n.	We made it more or less on time, (6:05pm jejeje xD) but we did find our way there in the end.
 shift xD	 shift xD
tomorrow i´m goning to have my second gynecology´s shift wish me luck because the doctor will do me a test about normal childbirth xS and i don´t fully understand the topic becuse having a child a big deal, believe it or not jejejeje.	Tomorrow I´m goning to have my second gynecology test. Wish me luck because the doctor will giveme a test about normal childbirth, and I don´t fully understand the topic becuse having a child a big deal, believe it or not jejejeje.
tomorrow i´m goning to have my second gynecology´s shift wish me luck because the doctor will do me a test about normal childbirth xS and i don´t fully understand the topic becuse having a child a big deal, believe it or not jejejeje.	Tomorrow i´m going to have my second gynecology shift. Wish me luck because the doctor willgive me a test about childbirth. xS I don´t fully understand the topic becuse having a child is a big deal, believe it or not jejejeje.
thank for reading and correct it n.	Thanks for reading and correct this.
n	n
by the way in my country it´s 11 o´clock	by the way in my country it´s 11 o´clock
This is my first time	This is My First Time
Hi, this is my first entry so I hope you can forgive my mistakes.	Hi. This is my first entry, so I hope you can forgive my mistakes.
I am taking a quick break from my work to writing this few words.	I am taking a quick break from my work to write these few words.
I am taking a quick break from my work to writing this few words.	I am taking a quick break from my work to write a few words.
I am taking a quick break from my work to writing this few words.	I am taking a quick break from work to write these few words.
It has been raining for a while so I feel cold and for a reason I can´t explain, a little bit sleepy.	It has been raining for a while so I am feeling cold and for a reason I can´t explain, a little bit sleepy.
It has been raining for a while so I feel cold and for a reason I can´t explain, a little bit sleepy.	It has been raining for a while so I feel cold and for some reason I can´t explain, a little bit sleepy.
It has been raining for a while so I feel cold and for a reason I can´t explain, a little bit sleepy.	It has been raining for a while and, for a reason I can't explain, I feel cold and and a little sleepy.  OR   It's been raining for a while so I feel cold and sleepy.
Well this is all for now.	Well this is all for now.
Best regards 	Best regards 
Hello	Hello
Hello everybody.	Hello everybody.
Bogota´s weather is still rainy wich is good when you are not in the mood of going out.	Bogota´s weather is still rainy. &nbsp;It is good when you are not in the mood of going out.
Have you ever had a day when you do not want to do nothing, absolute nothing but stay in bed?	Have you ever had a day when you do not want to do nothing, absolute nothing but stay in bed?
This how I feeling today, maybe because I had a stressfull week.	This is what I feel today, maybe because I had a stressfull week.
bye, for now	bye, for now
Ogre story	Ogre story
I hope you'll enjoy it =) !	I hope you'll enjoy it =) !
The ogre crouched under the stone bridge, awaiting for the sun to disappear behind the stormy clouds.	The ogre crouched under the stone bridge, awaiting for the sun to disappear behind the stormy clouds.
It was an overcast day but the heavenly body appeared now and then a few seconds through the scarce cloudless patches in the sky.	It was an overcast day but the heavenly body appeared now and then a few seconds through the scarce cloudless patches in the sky.
The creek under the bridge was stainless.	The creek under the bridge was stainless.
It ran with meltwater from the near mountains and sparkled in all directions even in the dim light of that gloomy morning.	It ran with meltwater from the near mountains and sparkled in all directions even in the dim light of that gloomy morning.
The stream went a score of meters on and then it plunged in a waterfall.	The stream went a score of meters on and then it plunged in a waterfall.
The ogre was a noticeable big beast.	The ogre was a noticeable big beast.
It was so shaggy that from a considerable distance it could be mistaken for an enormous bush.	It was so shaggy that from a considerable distance it could be mistaken for an enormous bush.
His two eyes where two slanting black sparkling beads from the size of a human fist.	His two eyes where two slanting black sparkling beads from the size of a human fist.
Its claws were sharp and ready to tear open any kind of threat.	Its claws were sharp and ready to tear open any kind of threat.
 	 
Suddenly an almost inaudible sound reached from the distance.	Suddenly an almost inaudible sound reached from the distance.
Footsteps.	Footsteps.
Something was approaching by the path connected with the bridge.	Something was approaching by the path connected with the bridge.
The ogre barely grunted.	The ogre barely grunted.
A familiar smell made his nose wage.	A familiar smell made his nose wage.
It was The Hunter.	It was The Hunter.
It seemed he had not been muddled up by the wrong trails the ogre had left.	It seemed he had not been muddled up by the wrong trails the ogre had left.
He was a good tracker in the end.	He was a good tracker in the end.
The ogre clenched its claws around a fallen branch that lied under the bridge, its heart speeding up with every vibrations produced by the footfalls of the human.	The ogre clenched its claws around a fallen branch that lied under the bridge, its heart speeding up with every vibrations produced by the footfalls of the human.
It started to claw the wood without realizing.	It started to claw the wood without realizing.
It was getting nervous.	It was getting nervous.
Pictures of other like him started to appear in his mind: heary bodies hanging from ropes, shaggy figures cleft from the top to the bottom, entire clans dangling in a cage over a fire, alone ogres pelted by a blood-thirsty crowd.	Pictures of other like him started to appear in his mind: heary bodies hanging from ropes, shaggy figures cleft from the top to the bottom, entire clans dangling in a cage over a fire, alone ogres pelted by a blood-thirsty crowd.
It could still remember the first time it had seen one of those humans.	It could still remember the first time it had seen one of those humans.
It was still an offspring, sitting on a crisp stack of dried leaves eating mulberries and walnuts among poplar trees.	It was still an offspring, sitting on a crisp stack of dried leaves eating mulberries and walnuts among poplar trees.
All of a sudden the earth started to tremble and it heard the first howlings of the others.	All of a sudden the earth started to tremble and it heard the first howlings of the others.
It peeked back and saw its acquaintances coming, an indescribable feeling of fear in their faces, and after them, this weak small pale plague equipped with all kind of weird contraptions that propelled a artificial sticks.	It peeked back and saw its acquaintances coming, an indescribable feeling of fear in their faces, and after them, this weak small pale plague equipped with all kind of weird contraptions that propelled a artificial sticks.
Its muscles froze.	Its muscles froze.
Something hit it in the head, which fortunately made it react, stand on its feet and start fleeing.	Something hit it in the head, which fortunately made it react, stand on its feet and start fleeing.
Some of the ones it knew crumbled, poisoned arrows stuck on their backs, still the expression of terror chiselled in their faces and the feeble white creatures giggling and cheering around the corpses.	Some of the ones it knew crumbled, poisoned arrows stuck on their backs, still the expression of terror chiselled in their faces and the feeble white creatures giggling and cheering around the corpses.
A soaring rook cawed up high in the sky, making the ogre come back from its remembrance.	A soaring rook cawed up high in the sky, making the ogre come back from its remembrance.
The footsteps were nearer.	The footsteps were nearer.
The ogre glanced carefully upon the bank.	The ogre glanced carefully upon the bank.
A grey figure approached, her features defining more and more and her steps clearer.	A grey figure approached, her features defining more and more and her steps clearer.
The ogre scowled.	The ogre scowled.
It definitely knew that human: The Hunter.	It definitely knew that human: The Hunter.
The Hunter was tall for his species.	The Hunter was tall for his species.
He was a human: feeble and pale but annoying and violent.	He was a human: feeble and pale but annoying and violent.
This one had a peculiar characteristic that would give him away.	This one had a peculiar characteristic that would give him away.
He had a harelip, as if his upper lip had been cleft with a chisel.	He had a harelip, as if his upper lip had been cleft with a chisel.
He wore a long-brimmed hat that concealed his eyes from unwanted glances and a long worn-out faded dark coat.	He wore a long-brimmed hat that concealed his eyes from unwanted glances and a long worn-out faded dark coat.
The ogre hid under the bridge again, trying to pluck up courage.	The ogre hid under the bridge again, trying to pluck up courage.
It started trembling.	It started trembling.
No one had ever survived The Hunter.	No one had ever survived The Hunter.
Though it had managed to avoid him in the forest, it knew it did not have many chances here.	Though it had managed to avoid him in the forest, it knew it did not have many chances here.
Tap, tap, tap.	Tap, tap, tap.
The Hunter was on the bridge.	The Hunter was on the bridge.
He walked the first third but then he stopped.	He walked the first third but then he stopped.
Silence.	Silence.
The noises of the forest, the flow of the stream, the caws of the birds, the creak of the dry leaves were still there but there was another noise that could not be heard, the lack of vibrations when you do not know where The Hunter is.	The noises of the forest, the flow of the stream, the caws of the birds, the creak of the dry leaves were still there but there was another noise that could not be heard, the lack of vibrations when you do not know where The Hunter is.
The ogre thought that he might go on walking and perhaps that was the reason why it did not perceive his movements any more.	The ogre thought that he might go on walking and perhaps that was the reason why it did not perceive his movements any more.
But suddenly something fell on the back of his neck.	But suddenly something fell on the back of his neck.
It was not especially heavy, but it started to tighten around his throat.	It was not especially heavy, but it started to tighten around his throat.
The ogre wrestled for his breath and with a big effort got rid of the burden that was trying to reduce him.	The ogre wrestled for his breath and with a big effort got rid of the burden that was trying to reduce him.
A dark figure dropped to the stony shore with a crack and stood up again almost immediately.	A dark figure dropped to the stony shore with a crack and stood up again almost immediately.
In front of the ogre stood The Hunter, but also in front of the human stood the ogre, more than twice as tall and broad.	In front of the ogre stood The Hunter, but also in front of the human stood the ogre, more than twice as tall and broad.
The ogre lowered his face to the human’s height, opening his mouth in a fierce grimace, lips retracting and showing its sharp pointed jaws, an aggressive rising grunt coming from its guts...	The ogre lowered his face to the human’s height, opening his mouth in a fierce grimace, lips retracting and showing its sharp pointed jaws, an aggressive rising grunt coming from its guts...
Dedication	Dedication
Hi, friends!	Hi, friends!
I'm sorry I haven't written during all this time, but I've been very busy.	I'm sorry I haven't written during all this time, but I've been very busy.
I hope to be back on track soon, though.	I hope to be back on track soon, though.
I'd like to hear your opinion about a "dedication" (is this the right word for it?) I'm going to write on a book, that'll be a present for a friend of mine.	I'd like to hear your opinion about a "dedication" (is this the right word for it?) I'm going to write on a book, that'll be a present for a friend of mine.
It goes straight after the "dedication" of the author - this may give an idea why it's written like that - and it's about the history of physics.	It goes straight after the "dedication" of the author - this may give an idea why it's written like that - and it's about the history of physics.
It goes like this:	It goes like this:
"(And) I dedicate this book to my friend, Andy.	"(And) I dedicate this book to my friend, Andy.
Better late than never and better now than later.	Better late than never and better now than later.
I'm not expecting this book to reveal you all the mysteries of the Universe, but to provide you with a restrospective singular and historical view.	I'm not expecting this book to reveal you all the mysteries of the Universe, but to provide you with a restrospective singular and historical view.
You may even be above it in this aspect.	You may even be above it in this aspect.
This book was intended to be your birthday present but for the time being it may also be something more special.	This book was intended to be your birthday present but for the time being it may also be something more special.
Lots of hugs"	Lots of hugs"
I leavey you guys a pic of the book.	I leavey you guys a pic of the book.
Some of you may have read it and I'd be very glad to hear your comments.	Some of you may have read it and I'd be very glad to hear your comments.
Thanks very much for your help in advance!	Thanks very much for your help in advance!
=)	=)
Tagebuch 07.01.10	Tagebuch 07.01.10
Hallo Freunde!	Hallo Freunde!
Heute bin ich um 12 Uhr aufgestanden.	Heute bin ich um 12 Uhr aufgestanden.
Ja, ich weiß, das ist ja spät, aber gestern Abend bin ich nich fruh ins Bett gegangen.	Ja, ich weiß, das ist ja spät, aber gestern Abend bin ich nich fruh ins Bett gegangen.
Ich habe nicht sehr gut geschlafen, weil ich ein paar Male aufgewacht bin.	Ich habe nicht sehr gut geschlafen, weil ich ein paar Male aufgewacht bin.
Es war zu warm.	Es war zu warm.
Dann habe ich gut gefrühstückt und geduscht und bin weg gegangen.	Dann habe ich gut gefrühstückt und geduscht und bin weg gegangen.
Danach habe einen Freund zum Hafen beglitten, weil er den Schiff um 15.30 nehmen musste.	Danach habe einen Freund zum Hafen beglitten, weil er den Schiff um 15.30 nehmen musste.
Wir haben uns verabschiden und er ist eingestiegen.	Wir haben uns verabschiden und er ist eingestiegen.
Vom Hafen habe ich einen kleinen Spaziergang gemacht bis zu McDonals, wo ich eine Freundin treffen musste.	Vom Hafen habe ich einen kleinen Spaziergang gemacht bis zu McDonals, wo ich eine Freundin treffen musste.
Ich bin mich in einer Buchhandlung und in einem Teehaus gehaltet.	Ich bin mich in einer Buchhandlung und in einem Teehaus gehaltet.
Das Teehaus war leider geschloßen, weil heute Sonntaig ist.	Das Teehaus war leider geschloßen, weil heute Sonntaig ist.
Um 16.15 habe ich meine Freunde Chris vor McDonals getroffen.	Um 16.15 habe ich meine Freunde Chris vor McDonals getroffen.
Wir essen nie dort, aber es ist ein guter Treffpunkt.	Wir essen nie dort, aber es ist ein guter Treffpunkt.
Wir möchten zum Park.	Wir möchten zum Park.
Dafür mussten wir den Bus nehmen, aber wir haben die falsche Linie genommen und wir mussten aufsteigen und wider auf die richtige  einsteigen.	Dafür mussten wir den Bus nehmen, aber wir haben die falsche Linie genommen und wir mussten aufsteigen und wider auf die richtige  einsteigen.
Als wir endlich zum Park angekommen sind, haben wir uns ein bisschen unterhalten.	Als wir endlich zum Park angekommen sind, haben wir uns ein bisschen unterhalten.
Das Gespräch war sehr angenehm.	Das Gespräch war sehr angenehm.
Dann möchten wir eine heiße Schokolade trinken, aber alles war geschlossen.	Dann möchten wir eine heiße Schokolade trinken, aber alles war geschlossen.
Als ich zurück nach Hause gekommen bin, habe ich abengegessen.	Als ich zurück nach Hause gekommen bin, habe ich abengegessen.
Gestern hatte ich "pain au chocolat" gebacken.	Gestern hatte ich "pain au chocolat" gebacken.
Sie sind kleine Tasche aus Blätterteig gefüllte mit Schokolade.	Sie sind kleine Tasche aus Blätterteig gefüllte mit Schokolade.
Die waren meine ersten.	Die waren meine ersten.
Das heiß, das war das erste mal, dass ich sie gebacken habe.	Das heiß, das war das erste mal, dass ich sie gebacken habe.
Sie waren nicht perfekt aber sie waren gut!	Sie waren nicht perfekt aber sie waren gut!
Ich habe eine gegessen.	Ich habe eine gegessen.
Lecker!	Lecker!
Hello 	Hello 
My name is Pedro, I'm from Peru, I would like to improve my English, 	My name is Pedro, I'm from Peru, I would like to improve my English, 
Thanks 	Thanks 
Reading the mind of my two cats	Reading the mind of my two cats
Will my two cats become friends one day soon?	Will my two cats become friends one day soon?
I wish I could read their minds.	I wish I could read their minds.
Maybe that way I would be able to help them in the process, don't you think?	Maybe that way I would be able to help them in the process, don't you think?
I would ask the older one, "Wouldn't you like to have some action and fun, and a pinch of salt in your (apparently) plain, indoor-cat life?"	I would ask the older one, "Wouldn't you like to have some action and fun, and a pinch of salt in your (apparently) plain, indoor-cat life?"
And then, I would ask the younger, my cute, baby, newly adopted cat, "Wouldn't you like to experience some peace and quiet, and rest beside a warm and furry, more experienced friend?"	And then, I would ask the younger, my cute, baby, newly adopted cat, "Wouldn't you like to experience some peace and quiet, and rest beside a warm and furry, more experienced friend?"
Writing Exercise - Writing an email giving advice	Writing Exercise - Writing an email giving advice
An English-speaking friend of yours has written to you asking for advice about renting a house in your country:	An English-speaking friend of yours has written to you asking for advice about renting a house in your country:
-----------------------	-----------------------
Dear Pat,	Dear Pat,
How nice to hear from you!	How nice to hear from you!
I'm very glad you've decided to stay a few months in my country.	I'm very glad you've decided to stay a few months in my country.
First of all, Have you chosen the town where you want to stay already?	First of all, have you chosen the town where you want to stay already?
I suggest you choose Madrid rathen than a small town because it's easier to find a job here.	I suggest you choose Madrid rathen than a small town because it's easier to find a job here.
Also, I live in Madrid and it will be easier for us to meet up!	Also, I live in Madrid and it will be easier for us to meet up!
I agree with you about it's better to rent a flat or a room than to stay in a hotel.	I agree with you that it's better to rent a flat or a room than to stay in a hotel.
I think it would be a good idea to share a flat in the center of Madrid.	I think it would be a good idea to share a flat in the center of Madrid.
Of course, the accommodations with a central location are more expensive but I really think that it's worth.	Of course, the rent is higher downtown, but I really think it's worth it.
You can find attached to this email a file with a lot of internet addresses to look for flats or rooms to rent in Madrid or other cities of Spain.	I attached a file to this email that contains many links that will help you look for flats or rooms to rent in Madrid or other cities in Spain.
Besides, I send you a doc with helpful information and advice about rental contracts.	I also sent you a document with helpful information and advice about rental contracts.
If I were you, I'd make sure that the flat is full furnished and you sign a contract with the owner of the flat.	If I were you I would sign a contract with the owner of the flat. I'd also make sure that the flat is fully furnished. 
Of course, you can stay in my house while you find the accommodation without problem.	Of course, you can always stay with me while you are busy finding your own place to stay. or Of course, you can feel free to stay with me while you are busy finding your own place to stay.
I hope this information is useful.	I hope this information is useful.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.	I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Best wishes,	Best wishes,
---------------------	---------------------
Thanks a lot for your help!!	Thanks a lot for your help!!
hello	hello
I need to learn english	I need to learn english
I speak spanish only	I speak spanish only
Why they’re my heroes.  	Why they’re my heroes.  
Hello, I am learning the English language, I hope you can correct me my task and let us be good friends, thank you.	Hello. I am learning English. I hope that you can help me and that we can become good friends.
This is not a history it is an opinion on certain people that I know they could be candidates to local heroes, or  my heroes, I consider them heroes because they have always been when but I need them, since when I have problems they always tell me the own advice for the situation in which I am.	This is not a history it is an opinion on certain people that I know they could be candidates to local heroes, or my heroes, I consider them heroes because they have always been when but I need them, since when I have problems they always tell me there own advice for the situation in which I am.
This is not a history it is an opinion on certain people that I know they could be candidates to local heroes, or  my heroes, I consider them heroes because they have always been when but I need them, since when I have problems they always tell me the own advice for the situation in which I am.	This is my opinion about certain people that I believe to be heroes. I consider them to be heroes because they have always been there for me when I needed them. I can go to them for advice about any situation that I might have.
Them always apart from worrying about me they worry also about other people although they don't thank them  later, they do  their daily activities; she is a housewife and he is police's official, the one works very hard, although most people always criticize a lot for his work, but he doesn't care, he always says “that a person is classified by her actions”, while she always worries about her family and that all this well, not caring if she has to give up her dreams, both they are sacrificed so that his are well.	They always apart from worrying about me they worry also about other people although they don't thank them later, they do their daily activities; she is a housewife and he is police's official, the one works very hard, although most people always criticize a lot for his work, but he doesn't care, he always says “that a person is classified by her actions”, while she always worries about her family and that all this well, not caring if she has to give up her dreams, both they are sacrificed so that his are well.
Them always apart from worrying about me they worry also about other people although they don't thank them  later, they do  their daily activities; she is a housewife and he is police's official, the one works very hard, although most people always criticize a lot for his work, but he doesn't care, he always says “that a person is classified by her actions”, while she always worries about her family and that all this well, not caring if she has to give up her dreams, both they are sacrificed so that his are well.	But apart from worrying about me, they are also concerned about others. Although, they don't receive thanks. So, they do their daily routines. She is a housewife and he is a police official. He works very hard even though he is criticized a lot for his work. But he doesn't care about that. He always says, "a person is judged by their actions". Meanwhile, she is always concerned about her family and that everyone is well, not even caring if she has to give up her dreams or sacrifice them for his sake.
I want to tell more but that will be to much, I know them very well, because they are my parents, and I don't care if the other ones don't believe that they are heroes for my they have always been; I don't have to say.	I would like to tell you more, but thatmight be too much. I know these two people well because they are my parents. I don't care if others believe them to be heroes or not,because for me they always will be. That goes without saying.
Apple's heart.	Apple's heart.
Hi all;	Hi all;
I was doing nothing special when this question got into my brain, but I thought it would be interesting to know if there's something similar to this phrase in other languages.	I was doing nothing special when this question got into my brain, but I thought it would be interesting to know if there's something similar to this phrase in other languages.
In Spanish we call the picture above "Corazón de manzana" Literally, it would be something like "Apple's heart"	In Spanish we call the picture above "Corazón de manzana" Literally, it would be something like "Apple's heart"
Here's my question: Is there a specific word or phrase in your language for this?	Here's my question: Is there a specific word or phrase in your language for this?
or is there something similar regarding another fruit, thing or situation?	or is there something similar regarding another fruit, thing or situation?
I mean, this is not really a heart-shapped thing but we keep calling it "Corazón de Manzana" Maybe, someone think of it as a heart because it's inside the apple...	I mean, this is not really a heart-shapped thing but we keep calling it "Corazón de Manzana" Maybe, someone think of it as a heart because it's inside the apple...
anyway it has no sense!!!	anyway it has no sense!!!
XD	XD
Thanks a lot for your comments :D	Thanks a lot for your comments :D
Take Care!	Take Care!
A little story of life...	A little story of life...
(I'm studying some new vocabulary, so I tried to wrote down a kind of story...	(I'm studying some new vocabulary, so I tried to write down a kind of story...
I said I TRIED, hahaha)	I said I TRIED, hahaha)
"Good morning, good morning..." sounded quite clear from the cellphone, full of stickers of The Beatles.	The "Good morning, good morning..." sounded quite clear from the cellphone, full of stickers of The Beatles.
They knew how to be in the limelight with their songs, and how to get gorgeous girls with their romantic lyrics.	They knew how to be in the limelight with their songs, and how to get gorgeous girls with their romantic lyrics.
I sat on the corner of the bed, thinking "Today is not a good day, is it?"	I sat on the corner of the bed, thinking "Today is not a good day, is it?"
When I was born, my Mother died and my Father let me with my aunt in the middle of a rural area.	When I was born, my Mother died and my Father left me with my aunt in the middle of a rural area.
Is difficult to swallow, but now I'm the headmaster of the millonaire company "Rockstone".	It´s a hard thing to swallow, but now I'm the CEO of the millonaire company "Rockstone".
All started fifteen years ago, when I was saving some mone for a rainy day.	It all started fifteen years ago, when I was saving some money for a rainy day.
Of course, in that moment I was living with my aunt, and I had never thought miracles could happen.	Of course, in that moment I was living with my aunt, and had never thought miracles could happen. I usually say "at that time." 
One rainy night, somebody knocked the door.	One rainy night, somebody knocked the door.
As my aunt was cooking and I was reading a book on the couch, I went to see who was it.	My aunt was cooking and I was reading a book on the couch. I went to see who was it. If this sentence was part of the sentence before I would use the word "as". "Someboy knocked at the door as my aunt was cooking..." But because they´re two different senteces I would leave out the "as". 
"Hello, good ni...	"Hello, good ni...
Oh!" I stopped what I was saying because the person standing on the other side of the door was bleeding.	Oh!" I stopped what I was saying because the person standing on the other side of the door was bleeding.
When he was calm, my aunt offered him to eat in her house tonight.	When he was calm, my aunt invited him to eat with us . I like the word invited. Invited him to eat. Offered just sounds a little funny.
He was "John Charles Escalante", who was in that moment the headmaster of "Rockstone".	His name was "John Charles Escalante", who was at that time the headmaster of "Rockstone".
When he said that I was deceived by his image.	When he said that I was deceived by his image. Hmm, I would have the man speak for this sentence. "Don´t be deceived by my appearence." It took me a time or two to understand what you meant. If you don´t want him to be speaking I would say "He told me that his appearence was deceiving."
I mean, he was wearing jeans, sneakers and a plain white shirt.	He was wearing jeans, sneakers, and a plain white shirt.
He really needed to adopt a new look if he wanted to be taken seriously.	He really needed to adopt a new look if he wanted to be taken seriously.
"This is not what a millionaire looks like, is it?" he said, knowing what I was thinking about.	"I know this is not what a millionaire normally looks like," he said, knowing what I was thinking about. If you have him ask a question it almost sounds like the man doesn´t know what a millionaire looks like. 
In that moment I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me.	In that moment I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me.
"I'm sorry, but with that blanket covering you, full of blood, and your gash in your face, and your torn shirt...	"I'm sorry, but with that blanket covering you, full of blood, and that gash in your face, and your torn shirt...
It's difficult to swallow" I said.	It's hard to swallow" I said. Difficult works, but hard sounds better.
"I know.	"I know.
I'm wearing this clothers to not be in the limelight, and to not be the target of those who want to reach me".	I'm wearing these clothes to not be in the limelight, and to not be the target of those who want to reach me". Hehe, was limelight one of the vocab words you wanted to use? That´s not the word on the top of my list but I understood what you meant.
That made sense.	That made sense.
"Are you playing hooky with the company?	"Are you playing hooky with the company?
I mean, I don't want to be mean, but are you on vacation or just being lazy?"	I mean, I don't want to be mean, but are you on vacation or just being lazy?"
"I'm here for business.	"I'm here for business.
I planned to follow an employee who I gave the boot last month.	I planned to follow an employee who I gave the boot last month.
It seems he attempted to cheat some data from Rockstone".	It seems he attempted to cheat some data from Rockstone,"
he said with a worn-out tone of voice.	he said with a worn-out tone of voice.
"I guess that you was caught red-handed spying him."	"I guess that you were caught red-handed spying on him."
"You guessed well"	"You guessed well."
"Do you want me to help you?"	"Do you want me to help you?"
"Actually, I was thinking on urging you to help me"	"Actually, I was thinking of urging you to help me"
"Haha, that's funny boy." I said amused by what he just said.	"Haha, boy, that's funny ." I said amused by what he just said. Hmm, I´m not sure why, but when you say "boy, that´s funny" the "boy" has to go in front.
But then, I noticed an "extra-large" silence, and that my aunt wasn't there and the rice was shrinking noisly in the kitchen.	But then, I noticed an "extra-large" silence, and that my aunt wasn't there and the rice was shrinking noisly in the kitchen. I´d say "a very long silence". By shrinking do you mean shrieking? Shrink is encogerse, and shriek es como hacer un ruido agudo.
Maybe he was talking seriously.	Maybe he was talking seriously.
"Oh, you noticed your aunt is not here anymore, don't you?"	"Oh, you noticed your aunt isn´there anymore, didn´t you?"
"Are you serious?"	"Are you serious?"
"The employee I'm looking for is Michael Terracota, your father."	"The employee I'm looking for is Michael Terracota, your father."
END - How was it?	END - How was it?
:)	:)
Some help with my songs! (1)	Some help with my songs! (1)
DON'T LAUGH!	DON'T LAUGH!
First of all :P.	First of all :P.
Well, as the title say, I'll put some songs (some of them are toooooo old) for you to help me to correct them.	Well, as the title say, I'll put some songs (some of them are toooooo old) for you to help me to correct them.
You can listen to my songs (or some of them) here: 	You can listen to my songs (or some of them) here: 
Shall we start?	Shall we start?
-Catarsis-	-Catarsis-
It really doesn’t matter your religion, your color, your language or your time in prison, you don’t have to be a different person in front of me, because you know - how to give me all, when you smile me on, when you laugh in tone, when you stop to see the sun, when you wanna be alone.	It really doesn’t matter your religion, your color, your language or your time in prison, you don’t have to be a different person in front of me, because you know - how to give me all, when you smile me on, when you laugh in tone, when you stop to see the sun, when you wanna be alone.
It’s all I have to say to you my love.	It’s all I have to say to you my love.
I wanna you to understand me, to listen whit your heart.	I want you to understand me, to listen with your heart.
I wanna you to understand me, to listen whit your heart.	I want you to understand me, to listen with your heart.
I don’t need a perfect girl, or a perfect world.	I don’t need a perfect girl, or a perfect world.
The melancholy mechanics of my head told me about some girl, that I will always hear and I will protect, because she gives me all when she smile me on	The melancholy mechanics of my head told me about some girl, that I will always hear and I will protect, because she gives me everything when she smiles at me
I feel that this is not just friendship, or at least I've never had one like this in my life.	I feel that this is not just friendship, or at least I've never had one like this in my life.
Across everything, across time I feel like I can with all the things that could happen, if at the end...	Across everything, across time I feel like I can make it with all the things that could happen, if at the end...
If I have you in my arms, if I have you in my arms..	If I have you in my arms, if I have you in my arms..
Just in time for the picnic, we need the camera, isn't it?	Just in time for the picnic, we need the camera, don’t we?
But still we will never forget this moment.	But still we will never forget this moment.
Enjoy this forever!	Enjoy this forever!
Life keeps turning now!	Life keeps turning now!
– But I still can’t stop thinking about all good times in my life, with all the people I love, with all the things that happens around our eyes	– But I still can’t stop thinking about all the good times in my life, with all the people I love, with all the things that happen around our eyes --> More natural: around us
I wanna you to understand me, to listen whit your heart.	I want you to understand me, to listen with your heart.
I wanna you to understand me, to listen whit your heart.	I want you to understand me, to listen with your heart.
I don’t need a perfect girl, or a perfect world.	I don’t need a perfect girl, or a perfect world.
A Lady Madonna, who broke my heart, invites me to play.	A Lady Madonna, who broke my heart, invites me to play.
But I say no, because a want another girl.	But I say no, because I want another girl.
That girl who when smiles me, turns me crazy yeah.	That girl who when she smiles at me, turns me crazy yeah.
I feel that this is not just friendship, or at least I've never had one like this in my life.	I feel that this is not just friendship, or at least I've never had one like this in my life.
Across everything, across time I feel like I can with all the things that could happen, if at the end...	Across everything, across time I feel like I can with all the things that could happen, if at the end... Across everything, across time I feel like I can make it with all the things that could happen, if at the end...
If I have you in my arms, if I have you in my arms..	If I have you in my arms, if I have you in my arms..
if I have you in my arms..	if I have you in my arms..
Okay, now you can laugh.	Okay, now you can laugh.
I did it while I was copying it :P.	I did it while I was copying it :P.
Today's exam	Today's exam
In a few hours I have a "first-term" english exam.	In a few hours I have a "first-term" English exam.
I really don't know how could be, because even if I studied it well, I don't feel confident enough.	I really don't know how it’ll turn out, because even if I studied for it well, I don't feel confident enough.
Maybe because are majorly remember-by-heart words.	Maybe because it consists mostly of words that have to be memorized.
There are verb patterns (+ gerund or infinitive), adjective+preposition, and aaaaaallll that things.	There are verb patterns (+ gerund or infinitive), adjective+preposition, and aaaaaallll those things.
I'm quite bad at it.	I'm quite bad at it.
I need to study it three hundred times so I can remember it.	I need to study them three hundred times so I can remember them.
Or at least had been using it for a long time.	Or at least have been using them for a long time.
Or with songs!	Or with songs!
A teacher once told me: "Use songs to remember some grammar phrases".	A teacher once told me: "Use songs to remember some grammar phrases".
It pays off!	It pays off!
I think is because of the synesthesia.	I think it’s because of the synesthesia.
Who knows.	Who knows.
Changing the subject, I've just got over two everything-is-wrong days.	Changing the subject, I've just gotten over two everything-is-wrong days.
Those are that kind of days in which you feel like an spaghetti, and everything turns up in a bad way.	Those are the kinds of days in which you feel like spaghetti, and everything turns up in a bad way.
You can't do anything well, and you feel mad at every situation.	You can't do anything right, and you feel mad about every situation.
But, that was yesterday and the day before yesterday.	But, that was yesterday and the day before yesterday.
Today I feel better, and I woke up in a better mood.	Today I feel better, and I woke up in a better mood.
Although, I can't say I'm at my 100%, but I think I will recover myself.	Although, I can't say I'm at my 100%, but I think I’ll recover .
Okay, that's all for today.	Okay, that's all for today.
Thanks for your help!	Thanks for your help!
hehe	hehe
i told miself a joke that i didnt knew thats wired hi mintoru how are you i hope you are fien just to ask you wen are we going to star with the lesons ^_^ ok hehe bay see ya	i told miself a joke that i didnt knew thats wired hi mintoru how are you i hope you are fien just to ask you wen are we going to star with the lesons ^_^ ok hehe bay see ya
andy :D	andy :D
hi ^_^.	hi ^_^.
I am andy, I am 13 years old and I am mexican (i don´t wear a mariachi hat hehe).	I am andy, I am 13 years old and I am a mexican (i don´t wear a mariachi hat hehe).
I speak english because my mothers side of family lives in the US i registered this page because i want to speak or practice more my japaneese and english	I speak English because my mother's side of family lives in the US i registered this page because i want to speak or practice my japaneese and englishmore
Our music	Our music
We-Colombian people- have been interested in foreign music for years.	We-Colombian people- have been interested in foreign music for years.
We show this interest by listening just to this kind of music, and we are letting our own get lost.	We show this interest by listening just to this kind of music, and we are letting our own get lost.
Thus, we are despising our ancestors’ music and we are forgetting our roots.	Thus, we are despising our ancestors’ music and we are forgetting our roots.
Conversely, English people try to bring back their folk music, by creating special associations for compiling and preserving their own music information.	Conversely, English people try to bring back their folk music, by creating special associations for compiling and preserving their own music information.
Both countries have gone through a loss of folk music at some moment in history	Both countries have gone through a loss of folk music at some moment in history.
Whereas in Colombia this is happening right now, In England it happened at the end of the 18th century.	Whereas in Colombia this is happening right now, In England it happened at the end of the 18th century.
This loss of music is due to the same factors, such as foreign influences and foreign composers who tried to instill as many foreign sounds as they could to the local music.	This loss of music is due to the same factors, such as foreign influences and foreign composers who tried to instill as many foreign sounds as they could to the local music.
Certainly, every culture needs to know other cultures in order to get an improvement for their own customs.	Certainly, every culture needs to know other cultures in order to get an improvement for their own customs.
But this does not mean that we have to bring other cultures traditions, and let just ours fall into oblivion.	But this does not mean that we have to bring other cultures traditions, and let just ours fall into oblivion.
Colombia and England have gone through this loss at any moment in their history, but England, unlike Colombia, started wondering whether they really wanted that to happen for good or not.	Colombia and England have gone through this loss at any moment in their history, but England, unlike Colombia, started wondering whether they really wanted that to happen for good or not.
They immediately looked for a change.	They immediately looked for a change.
They come to notice that their music was being forgotten and they try to do something about it, by compiling their music, printing it, stocking it and other stuffs.	They come to notice that their music was being forgotten and they try to do something about it, by compiling their music, printing it, stocking it and other stuffs.
But, in Colombia, people just seem to care more about foreign sounds and foreign composers.	But, in Colombia, people just seem to care more about foreign sounds and foreign composers.
My first post	My first post
I'm exciting for this.	I'm excited about this.
Well, I don't know that write here, but because is very important for me, I do it.	Well, I don't know what to write here, but because it is very important to me, I will do it.
I don't understand the good english, I'm a nervous person, is bad...	I don't understand good English, and I'm a nervous person, which is bad...
I know...	I know...
I think that this is all for now....	I think that this is all for now....
Goodbye world!	Goodbye world!
:D	:D
How write a love letter?	How write a love letter?
A love letter it's more than a simple bouquet, chocolates or jewelry.	A love letter it's more than a simple bouquet, chocolates or jewelry.
To the women it's much easy express her emotions, so writing a love letter no it's much complicated; but, to the men it's really hard, beacuse the first step is open his hearth and then express his emotions on a paper.	To the women it's much easy express her emotions, so writing a love letter no it's much complicated; but, to the men it's really hard, beacuse the first step is open his hearth and then express his emotions on a paper.
TIPS:	TIPS:
* The objective and the true are imprescindible on a love letter, so before write take a time to think about your emotions.	* The objective and the true are imprescindible on a love letter, so before write take a time to think about your emotions.
*Concentrate on one or two ideas.	*Concentrate on one or two ideas.
*Write first ideas from your mind and after, order this.	*Write first ideas from your mind and after, order this.
Thank you!	Thank you!
Wine Friday 	Wine Friday 
Tonight is a wine Friday hehe eating bread and cheese and watching all kind of random stuff :)....	Tonight is a wine Friday hehe. I will be eating bread and cheese and watching all kind of random stuff :)....
I love Fridays like Rebecca Black loves Friday....	I love Fridays like Rebecca Black loves Friday....
FUN FUN FUN!!	FUN FUN FUN!!
hahahaha ok, not!	hahahaha ok, not!
Happy weekend to all!	Happy weekend to all!
:)  	:)  
Zoo	Zoo
Hi :) 	Hi :) 
Last Monday I went to the zoo...	Last Monday I went to the zoo...
Now I want a camel lol and a suricate???	Now I want a camel lol and a suricate???
lol 	lol 
Nites :) 	Nites :) 
I'm sleepy...	I'm sleepy...
I'm so bad in English.	I'm so bad in English.
I think better I'm gonna sleep and be happy.	I think it is better that I go sleep and be happy instead.
My friend just  leave me so now I have no one to talk :(  haha sounds sad but not to much...	My friend just left me now so I have no one to talk to. :( haha sounds sad but not that much...
It's late.	It's late.
Nites!	Nites!
Lie to Me* - The truth is written on your face	Lie to Me* - The truth is written on your face
Lately I've been watching to a TV series called "Lie to Me", which is about an expert who analyzes non-verbal communication to tell wether people are telling the truth or lying, and why.	Lately I've been watching to a TV series called "Lie to Me", which is about an expert who analyzes non-verbal communication to tell wether people are telling the truth or lying, and why.
More specifically, he pays special attention to what is called "microexpressions", i.	More specifically, he pays special attention to what is called "microexpressions", i.
e.	e.
extremely brief expressions of your face  that last a fraction of a second and unconciously show what you actually feel.	extremely brief expressions of your face  that last a fraction of a second and unconciously show what you actually feel.
The best part, is that the series isn't about science fiction, but it is inspired by real scientific research on the relation between the body and what you think and feel.	The best part, is that the series isn't about science fiction, but it is inspired by real scientific research on the relation between the body and what you think and feel.
Acording to research by specialists, gestures are universal, It is to say, anybody at any place in the world expresses his/her emotions unconciously through the same kind of gesture.	Acording to research by specialists, gestures are universal, It is to say, anybody at any place in the world expresses his/her emotions unconciously through the same kind of gesture.
That's why you can recognize what other people feel just by paying attention to their faces and bodies, even if you don't know their culture or language.	That's why you can recognize what other people feel just by paying attention to their faces and bodies, even if you don't know their culture or language.
I found the topic to be fascinating.	I found the topic to be fascinating.
There are people called "truth wizards" who have a natural gift: they can tell whether people are lying or not with at least 80% of certainty, while normal people are just as efficient as tossing a coin.	There are people called "truth wizards" who have a natural gift: they can tell whether people are lying or not with at least 80% of certainty, while normal people are just as efficient as tossing a coin.
There are even manuals and software to help you learn and recognize microexpressions.	There are even manuals and software to help you learn and recognize microexpressions.
Another aspect of the series that I found extremely interesting is that they not only teach you a lot about "reading" people, but they also include short takes of real people from the present and past, illustrating some gestures and postures that expose the fact that they are actually lying.	Another aspect of the series that I found extremely interesting is that they not only teach you a lot about "reading" people, but they also include short takes of real people from the present and past, illustrating some gestures and postures that expose the fact that they are actually lying.
For example, at one moment they show you Nixon saying "I'm not a crook, I've earned everything I've got" and then making a gestural retreat, which bassically means you don't have any confidence in what you're saying.	For example, at one moment they show you Nixon saying "I'm not a crook, I've earned everything I've got" and then making a gestural retreat, which bassically means you don't have any confidence in what you're saying.
Interesting indeed...	Interesting indeed...
What do you think?	What do you think?
Do you think it's possible to tell people's emotions and whether they're lying or not just by watching to their faces and bodies?	Do you think it's possible to tell people's emotions and whether they're lying or not just by watching to their faces and bodies?
Would you like being able to "read" people in such a way?	Would you like being able to "read" people in such a way?
If you could know everytime people lied, what would you do about their lies?	If you could know everytime people lied, what would you do about their lies?
BTW, does somebody know why the official name of the series has a "*" at the end ("Lie to Me*")?	BTW, does somebody know why the official name of the series has a "*" at the end ("Lie to Me*")?
Note: The pictures are from http://www.poptower.com/lie-to-me-pictures.htm	Note: The pictures are from http://www.poptower.com/lie-to-me-pictures.htm
How are you using Lang-8?	How are you using Lang-8?
I think Lang-8 is a great tool for leaning languages.	I think Lang-8 is a great tool for leaning languages.
Anyways, as it happens with lots of tools, there are several ways you can use it depending on your objectives.	Anyways, as it happens with lots of tools, there are several ways you can use it depending on your objectives.
I've been thinking about that, and I've come with at least 3 different ways of writing to your Lang-8 account, depending on what you want to focus on.	I've been thinking about that, and I've come with at least 3 different ways of writing to your Lang-8 account, depending on what you want to focus on.
- "Free writing": You can just log in and start writing freely, without thinking too much about how you write.	- "Free writing": You can just log in and start writing freely, without thinking too much about how you write.
You can write using only what you already know, without looking up words in dictionaries or checking at Google or your favorite search engine to check how words are used.	You can write using only what you already know, without looking up words in dictionaries or checking at Google or your favorite search engine to check how words are used.
You can write not caring too much of not making mistakes (or even letting some mistakes uncorrected on purpose), because anyways someone will correct your writing for you.	You can write not caring too much of not making mistakes (or even letting some mistakes uncorrected on purpose), because anyways someone will correct your writing for you.
Sometimes you remember better how to correct your own mistakes when someone else points you at them.	Sometimes you remember better how to correct your own mistakes when someone else points you at them.
Besides, it can be better to write a lot and make a lot of mistakes and learn from them, than avoiding mistakes by not writing at all.	Besides, it can be better to write a lot and make a lot of mistakes and learn from them, than avoiding mistakes by not writing at all.
Here the objective is just letting yourself be instead of being perfectionist.	Here the objective is just letting yourself be instead of being perfectionist.
Of course, if your level is too basic you can end up writing illegible, and giving a not-so-good impression of your skills.	Of course, if your level is too basic you can end up writing illegible, and giving a not-so-good impression of your skills.
- "Accurate writing": Here you try to produce a perfect text.	- "Accurate writing": Here you try to produce a perfect text.
You check bilingual dictionaries for when you don't find the propper word in your target language, or a monolingual dictionary for checking those nuances that can be hard to grasp sometimes.	You check bilingual dictionaries for when you don't find the propper word in your target language, or a monolingual dictionary for checking those nuances that can be hard to grasp sometimes.
You check on Google or other searh engine how words are used on real texts or to look up explanations on expressions and info related to your text.	You check on Google or other searh engine how words are used on real texts or to look up explanations on expressions and info related to your text.
Here you learn by correcting yourself when you write.	Here you learn by correcting yourself when you write.
The problem is that if you leave too many or no mistakes at al, there won't be much reason for people to correct and comment your writing, besides, if you're too perfectionist this can lead you to burnout.	The problem is that if you leave too many or no mistakes at al, there won't be much reason for people to correct and comment your writing, besides, if you're too perfectionist this can lead you to burnout.
- "Balanced writing": Well, the name explains it well...	- "Balanced writing": Well, the name explains it well...
Here you try to write something that looks good, but without being over-conscious about every little detail.	Here you try to write something that looks good, but without being over-conscious about every little detail.
When in "balanced mode", you check before posting your entry and probably correct a couple of mistakes, but don't worry too much if other mistakes go unperceived.	When in "balanced mode", you check before posting your entry and probably correct a couple of mistakes, but don't worry too much if other mistakes go unperceived.
What do you think?	What do you think?
What approach do you take when writing Lang-8 entries?	What approach do you take when writing Lang-8 entries?
Do you even consciously think about the balance between accuracy-flow of your texts?	Do you even consciously think about the balance between accuracy-flow of your texts?
Do you prefer to hunt down every single mistake before pressing the "send" button, or do you prefer to just let Lang-8 do its magic?	Do you prefer to hunt down every single mistake before pressing the "send" button, or do you prefer to just let Lang-8 do its magic?
Do you think I'm making too many questions?	Do you think I'm making too many questions?
Do you think someone's going to read this wall of text?	Do you think someone's going to read this wall of text?
Thank you for reading.	Thank you for reading.
=)	=)
Weekend.	Weekend.
This weekend I will go to the beach with my girlfriend and other friends.	This weekend I will go to the beach with my girlfriend and other friends.
I don´t want to go to the beach I prefer to see a film rather than go to the beach,anyway,I told that with my parents and they said "get away!	I don´t want to go to the beach. I'd prefer to see a film rather than go to the beach, but anyway, I told my parents and they said "get out!
you´re jocking"	you´re joking"
Perhaps they are old people, are they?	Perhaps they are getting old , are they?
Then, I stayed at home for two days I was boring because thats mornings I lyed in my bed and wath the sunrise.	Then, I stayed at home for two days.  I was  bored because those  mornings I lied in my bed and  watched the sunrise.
It was my awful weekend!!	It was an  awful weekend!!
see you thanks, for your correction.	see you, thanks for your correction.
English	English
Hi guys, my name is Llara	Hi guys, my name is Llara
One of my dreams is speak English well, so I'm studying it hard.	One of my dreams is to speak English well, so I'm studying it hard.
The worst thing I do is speak, because I don't know how to express myself.	I find it most difficult to speak, because I don't know how to express myself.
I go to a class with an Irish woman on Mondays who make me talk a lot and I think I'm getting better.	I go to a class with an Irish woman on Mondays who makes me talk a lot and I think I'm getting better.
I'm going to write here when I can and I wish it help me to improve my English.	I'm going to write here when I can and I hope it helps me to improve my English.
Bye =)	Bye =)
Today I don't feel like doing anything	Today I don't feel like doing anything
Today is one of this days you only want to lay on your bed or on the sofa and not do anything.	Today is one of these days that you just want to lay in your bed or on the sofa and do nothing.
I should be studying, but instead of that I'm here writing this.	I should be study, but instead of that I'm here writing this.
I really want someone who helps me to improve my english, someone to talk with.	I really want someone who helps me to improve my english, someone to talk to.
I'm spanish, so I can help other people who wants to learn spanish.	I'm spanish, so I can help other people who want to learn spanish.
If someone is interested, just contact me.	If someone is interested, just contact me.
Which is more difficult?	Which one is more difficult?
I have noticed that even at first sight simple thing, such as distinguishing between singular and plural is, could be quite difficult in English.	I have noticed that even a thing that seems simple at first sight, such as distinguishing between singular and plural , could be quite difficult in English.
But despite it, I still am thinking that it is not as hard as pronunciation.	But, I am still thinking that it is not as hard as pronunciation.
To me, the lack of consistent rules between writing and speaking English is the hardest thing with this language.	As for me, the lack of consistent rules that link writing and speaking English is the hardest thing with this language.
Anyway I don't think Spanish is easier.	Anyway I don't think Spanish is easier.
It does not have such inconvenient but verb tenses are a real nightmare for learners.	It does not have such inconveniences but verb tenses are a real nightmare for learners.
Bye for now	Bye for now
Leo	Leo
Begginer	Beginner
Hi everybody, i am new here.	Hi everybody, i am new here.
I want to know all about this site.	I want to know all about this site.
I think that could be perfect for improve our writting, but I don´t undertstand the system.	I think that could be perfect for improvement of our writting, but I don´t know how to use the system.
I  have to have some friends?	I  have to have some friends?
Where I can correct Spanish?	Where I can correct Spanish?
I think that with the help of many of yours we can be awesome team.	I think that with the help of many of yours we can be awesome team.
worry situation	worry situation
I can´t sleep, because I fall in love.	I can´t sleep, because I fall in love.
At last, again, I feel myself enough, empty without her.	At last, again, I feel myself enough, empty without her.
Alone in the haze.	Alone in the haze.
I found the sunshine in the roof of the mountain.	I found the sunshine in the roof of the mountain.
Down the dusk Lost in her voice, lit up by her eyes.	Down the dusk Lost in her voice, lit up by her eyes.
Dreaming the most lovely road between us.	Dreaming the most lovely road between us.
She have to give me the way.	She have to give me the way.
I will be waiting the signal.	I will be waiting the signal.
Hero	Hero
Bruce Lee	Bruce Lee
Bruce Lee was an actor Chinese.	Bruce Lee was a Chinese actor.
He was born in the USA; He was a big philosopher in his matter and the best special in martial arts.	He was born in the USA. He was a big philosopher and the best specialist in martial arts.
He creates new arts and Jeet Kune Do was designed by Him.	He created new arts, and designed Jeet Kune Do.
He was the first that started to practices Chinese martial arts in Occident.	He was the first to practice Chinese martial arts in Occident.
I consider that Bruce lee is a hero because he taught his martial arts and kun fu to everybody and these are at that moment arts that practice around the world	I consider Bruce lee a hero because he taught his martial arts and kun fu to everybody. These are now arts that are practiced around the world.
People practice by sport, the health, personal protection and mental discipline	People practice the sport, the health, personal protection and mental discipline.
He had tow philosophies the one of which all knowledge lead to the self-knowledge, and the one of which nothing is absolute.	He had two philosophies- the one of which all knowledge leads to self-knowledge, and the one of which nothing is absolute.
resolutions	resolutions
This year I'll try writting everyday to improve my English.	This year I'll try writing every_day to improve my English.
I know thay I make a lot of mistakes but with help of my friends I could became to write better than last year.	I know that I make a lot of mistakes but with the help of my friends I can become able to write better than last year.
Thank you very much for everybody spend your time on correct entries.	Thank you very much everybody for spending your time correcting entries.
loteria de navidad	loteria de navidad
Today is a very special day here in Spain.	Today is a very special day here in Spain.
Now do a lottery, most people play on these dates is called Christmas Lottery, every tenth costs 20 euros.	Now we're doing a lottery. The one that most people play around Christmas is called the Christmas Lottery. Each ticket costs 20 euros.
We all very excited that we touch some money.	We are all very excited that we might win some money.
lucky	Good luck! I don't know what you meant here, but I've translated it as "buena suerte".
have a dinner with my partners!!	Dinner with my coworkers
Before at Christmas day, people always go out with their workers partners to celebrate that the year is finishing.	Before Christmas, the company where I work invites its workers to have dinner at a special restaurant to celebrate the past year. We always have a good time together.
Normaly, the Company invites to its workers to have dinner in an special restaurant and they have a good time together.	combined with previous sentence
my next home work	my new (it makes more sense) home work
Hello!	Hello!
Yesterday I was in class and my teacher asked us to write a nightmare journey.	Yesterday I was in class and my teacher asked us to write about a  nightmare journey.
I don't know exactly the difference between journey or travel.	I don't exactly know the difference between a journey or to travel.
I think that journey is a small trip where you go out but you come back to home, isn't it?	I think that journey is a small trip where you go out but you come back to home, isn't it? 
Today I  had an awfull day!	Today I  had an awfull day!
This morning I woke up at six o'clock and I went to have a shower but hot water not working.	This morning I woke up at six o'clock and I went to have a shower but hot water didn't was off.
I start my work at half past seven but today I left home at half past six because there are a lot of traffic in the road.	I start my work at half past seven but today I left home at half past six because there is a lot of traffic on the road.
I drove about two kilometers then I have seen that my petrol was low, then I stopped at petrol area to get fuel but I didn't have money and I have forgotten my credit card.	I drove about two kilometers saw that my petrol was low, stopped at a petrol station to get fuel but I didn't have money and I had forgotten my credit card.
I have had to come back at house.	I had to go back to my house.
In my neigborhood didn't have place to park then I have left my car next to another car ( in the double parked).	There was no place to park in my neighborhood. I left my car double parked .
When I have down my car wasn't!!!	When I have down my car wasn't!!!
When I have down my car wasn't!!!	When I came back later, my car was gone!
I have to call to a taxi, while I was waiting for the taxi, my neighbor told me that a crane moved my car.	I had to call to a taxi. While I was waiting for the taxi, my neighbor told me that a crane moved my car.
When I arrived at work was at quarter past eight, my boss was wery angry because I was late and I had a lot of work today.	When I arrived at work it was quarter past eight, my boss was very angry because I was late and I had a lot of work that day.
In the afternoon (about half past four)I had to go get my car but the place where the crane leaves the cars was closed, they didn't open until five o'clok.	In the afternoon (about half past four) I had to go get my car but the place where the crane leaves the cars was closed and wouldn't open until five.
When they have opened I had to pay a fine.	When they opened I had to pay a fine.
Puf what day!!!	Phew, what a day!
I'm going to bed and I'll pray for a better day tomorrow.	I'm going to bed and I'll pray for a better day tomorrow.
Good night	Good night
e-mail	e-mail
Hi, María,	Hi, María,
How are you?	How are you?
I hope you're well.	I hope you're well.
Thanks for your last e-mail.	Thanks for your last e-mail.
You know that when I arrived at London I had work in an Arabic restaurant.	You know that when I arrived at London I had work in an Arabic restaurant.
It wasn´t the job I allways have been dreamed of, so I found anohter one better, in a hotel near my home.	It wasn´t the job I always dreamed of, so I found another, better one, in a hotel near my home.
Now I don't have to take public transport, which here is too expensive and crowded.	Now I don't have to take public transport, which here is too expensive and crowded.
I work as a receptionist, it's a well paid job.	I work as a receptionist, it's a well paid job.
I'm very happy, I just work in the morning and in the evening I can continue studying English.	I'm very happy, I just work in the morning and in the evening I can continue studying English.
Thanks to these lessons and my new job I'm impoving my English a lot.	Thanks to these lessons and my new job I'm impoving my English a lot.
On Saturdays I don't work, it is my day off and I can go sightseeing in London, it's a very big city with many interesting places to visit.	On Saturdays I don't work; it is my day off and I can go sightseeing in London. It's a very big city with many interesting places to visit.
The worst thing is I don't have friends and I fell very alone.	The worst thing is I don't have friends and I fell very alone.
If you had a free weekend you could come to visit me.	If you had a free weekend you could come to visit me.
We'd have a good time together.	We'd have a good time together.
That's all for today.	That's all for today.
Write soon!	Write soon!
Best wishes,	Best wishes,
How am I felling about these issues?	How am I felling about these issues?
I prefer writing a letter to calling you.	I prefer writing a letter to calling you.
You know I'm a writer.	You know I'm a writer.
I met the grandson of MRy and he got me a meeting with his grandfather yesterday, becouse I wanted to know all stories abuot our grandfather.	I met the grandson of MRy and he got me a meeting with his grandfather yesterday, becouse I wanted to know all stories abuot our grandfather.
Fortunally, MRy speaks English properly, becouse my German is enough bad.	Fortunally, MRy speaks English properly, becouse my German is enough bad.
He told me our grandfather was in love with these mountains, the scenary is really fantastic so that it's true.	He told me our grandfather was in love with these mountains, the scenary is really fantastic so that it's true.
MRy knew him becouse he was his guide and made expeditions together,but he also knew him, becouse aour grandfather fell in love with the sister's MRy.	MRy knew him becouse he was his guide and made expeditions together,but he also knew him, becouse aour grandfather fell in love with the sister's MRy.
As you can imagine, in those days, it was a scandal, so I think that our grandmother never told us anything about them.	As you can imagine, in those days, it was a scandal, so I think that our grandmother never told us anything about them.
I think that Mam should have known all things.	I think that Mam should have known all things.
Shouldn't she?	Shouldn't she?
The accidente day, MRy was guiding our grandfather on a route mountain, also went with they a man called Gordon ( I've never heard of him).	The accidente day, MRy was guiding our grandfather on a route mountain, also went with they a man called Gordon ( I've never heard of him).
MRy saw as the two men approached both and fell into the void, he doesn't know what could happen, but he said me, the day before they had been argued, this is something we can never find out.	MRy saw as the two men approached both and fell into the void, he doesn't know what could happen, but he said me, the day before they had been argued, this is something we can never find out.
At Christmas	Christmas
This year I'm sad because I miss to people.	This year I am sad because last year a special person died.
The last year a special person died.	combine with previous sentence
We used to have diner with her every years.	We used to have dinner with her every year.
She was called Teresa and she make some fantastic cakes, she was a good cook, the best cook!	Her name was Teresa and she make some delicious cakes. She was a fantastic cook, but above all she was a wonderful woman.
but above all she was a wonderful woman.	combined with previous sentence
I miss you a lot.	I miss you a lot, Teresa.
My dear mother.	My dear mother.
On Friday I usually go to my mother's house to have a lunch.	On Friday I usually go to my mother's house to have lunch.
But today is different.	But today is different.
Today I'm going to help her because this evening all my family are going to have a dinner to her house.	Today I'm going to help her because this evening my family is coming over for dinner.
We'll prepare a delicious food for everybody.	We'll prepare delicious food for everybody.
My mother is an excelent cook, I don't like cook but today I'm going to do it with her becouse it's a lot of work for only one person.	My mother is an excellent cook. I don't like to cook but today I'm going to help her because it's a lot of work for only one person.
When I stay with my mother I always enjoy it, because she is very symphatic and friendly, we pass a lot of moments talking about our lifes, I learn several things with her converstions, it's very interesting.	I always enjoy staying with my mother because she is very sympathetic and friendly. We spend lots of time talking about our lives. Our conversations are interesting, and I always learn a lot from them.
She looks like younger than she really is.	She looks younger than she really is.
I love my mother and need her.	I love my mother and need her.
HELLO!!	HELLO!!
Good morning, I'm Spanish.	Good morning, I'm Spanish.
I am studing English for two years ago.	I have been studying English for the past two years.
My English is not well, but I'm trying to do it better and better every day.	My English is not good, but I'm trying to get better and better every day.
Thank you very much for your help.	Thank you very much for your help.
I think this page is interesting for my studies.	I think this page will be interesting for my studies.
I'm going to see some posts to correct them in Spanish.	I'm going to look at some of the Spanish posts and correct them.
See you later.	See you later.
Hello	Hello
I am a student from Colombia and I try to learn English with this page, can someone help to this purpose?	I am a student from Colombia and I'm trying to learn English with this page, can someone help me
I am a student from Colombia and I try to learn English with this page, can someone help to this purpose?	I am a student from Colombia and I"m trying to learn English with this page, can someone help me?
Toefl	Toefl
My approach to problem-solving is very confused but I am trying to explain this with the clearest way.	My approach to problem-solving is very confused but I am trying to explain this with the clearest way.
For me when you have a problem in your life, you first classify this in a problem type, for example a scientific problem in your career or an emotional problem with your family of your boy/girlfriend.	For me when you have a problem in your life, you first classify this in a problem type, for example a scientific problem in your career or an emotional problem with your family of your boy/girlfriend.
When you have a scientific problem the better way you take to resolve this is following the steps of the scientific method, I can't remember what are all the steps of this method but I remember the most importants steps.	When you have a scientific problem the better way you take to resolve this is following the steps of the scientific method, I can't remember what are all the steps of this method but I remember the most importants steps.
The first step is you have to pose a hypothesis and this is the possible solution that you think can resolve the problem.	The first step is you have to pose a hypothesis and this is the possible solution that you think can resolve the problem.
The second step is test this hypothesis with a experiment and finally you have to get conclusion with the obtain results and check if your hypothesis is right or wrong, if the hypothesis is right the trouble has been resolved but if the hypothesis is wrong you have to pose other and start again all the steps of the scientific method.	The second step is test this hypothesis with a experiment and finally you have to get conclusion with the obtain results and check if your hypothesis is right or wrong, if the hypothesis is right the trouble has been resolved but if the hypothesis is wrong you have to pose other and start again all the steps of the scientific method.
The other type of problem is an emotional problem, this is completely different because you have involve your own feelings and I think is better you resolve this problem with other people help.	The other type of problem is an emotional problem, this is completely different because you have involve your own feelings and I think is better you resolve this problem with other people help.
In the most common case you have to go in a specialist like a psychologist and he help you with your problems talking with you, in an extreme case if you have a severe problem and this affect your help for example you can't sleep, you have to go with other kind of specialist like a psychiatrist and he help you talking with you and prescribe medicine to try improve your health.	In the most common case you have to go in a specialist like a psychologist and he help you with your problems talking with you, in an extreme case if you have a severe problem and this affect your help for example you can't sleep, you have to go with other kind of specialist like a psychiatrist and he help you talking with you and prescribe medicine to try improve your health.
In a synthesis you have to classify you problem between an emotional problem or a scientific problem and after follow the steps describe previously	In a synthesis you have to classify you problem between an emotional problem or a scientific problem and after follow the steps describe previously
types of ratings 	types of ratings 
In some classes, course grades are based solely on exams, while in other classes, grades are based more on class participation than on exams.	In some classes, course grades are based solely on exams, while in other classes, grades are based more on class participation than on exams.
Which type of grading do you prefer?	Which type of grading do you prefer?
Use specific reasons to support your response	Use specific reasons to support your response
either types of rating have a advantages and disadvantage for example when you take a course based solely on exams you can miss to class and your rating is not affect but you have to study very hard and memorize all the content course to present the exam and have a good score also if you are sick in the day of the exam and you can’t present this you have to present an optional exam and in the most cases this exam is more difficult than the original exam  otherwise when you take a course based more on class participation than on exams you can't miss to class because you have to put attention in class and participate because is a part of your score in the course but you can participate in the class and maybe you can raise your bad score in an exam also for example many people are scared when present the exam and forget all due the nervous and get a bad score even though it knew everything before the exam.	either types of rating have a advantages and disadvantage for example when you take a course based solely on exams you can miss to class and your rating is not affect but you have to study very hard and memorize all the content course to present the exam and have a good score also if you are sick in the day of the exam and you can’t present this you have to present an optional exam and in the most cases this exam is more difficult than the original exam  otherwise when you take a course based more on class participation than on exams you can't miss to class because you have to put attention in class and participate because is a part of your score in the course but you can participate in the class and maybe you can raise your bad score in an exam also for example many people are scared when present the exam and forget all due the nervous and get a bad score even though it knew everything before the exam.
If I put the good points and the bad points to take a class based only on exams and take a class with exam and participation in a balance I choose the second one because in this type of class you can show to the professor your different skills and how you develop these each class and maybe you can get a better score than the other option of rating.	If I put the good points and the bad points to take a class based only on exams and take a class with exam and participation in a balance I choose the second one because in this type of class you can show to the professor your different skills and how you develop these each class and maybe you can get a better score than the other option of rating.
Finally my conclusion is the courses should have always two part and each one worth 50% one of this is exam and the other consist in participation, works in group and short exams for give to the student several opportunities to  pass the class and give a good score in them courses	Finally my conclusion is the courses should have always two part and each one worth 50% one of this is exam and the other consist in participation, works in group and short exams for give to the student several opportunities to  pass the class and give a good score in them courses
Help me with my toefl exam	Help me with my toefl exam
Hi, everyone 	Hi, everyone 
I want to apply in a university of USA and for this I have to take the toefl exam, and now I practice my writing, I write the next essay about the problem that the sociology department has in a state university and the solution to take to resolve this.	I want to apply in a university of USA and for this I have to take the toefl exam, and now I practice my writing, I write the next essay about the problem that the sociology department has in a state university and the solution to take to resolve this.
In the reading passage talk about the trouble in the sociology department in the state university about the negative message receive of it program from employers who graduate in the department, for this reason the department doesn't prepare adequately its students and its reputation become a bad reputation.	In the reading passage talk about the trouble in the sociology department in the state university about the negative message receive of it program from employers who graduate in the department, for this reason the department doesn't prepare adequately its students and its reputation become a bad reputation.
The solution about this problem is change the curriculum in the university program for ALL students, the curriculum pass to take 3 required courses to take 5 and pass to take 5 elective courses to take 3.	The solution about this problem is change the curriculum in the university program for ALL students, the curriculum pass to take 3 required courses to take 5 and pass to take 5 elective courses to take 3.
In the listening passage a man talk about the decision in the sociology department and he disagree this, because the changes in the curriculum take effect in all students and he thinks the changes in the curriculum only take effect in the new folks who enter and start the program.	In the listening passage a man talk about the decision in the sociology department and he disagree this, because the changes in the curriculum take effect in all students and he thinks the changes in the curriculum only take effect in the new folks who enter and start the program.
The effect of this position in the decision of sociology department is to fulfill this because is a rational and worth decision for the students who enter in the university before the problem don't have to take others 2 required courses for them graduation in the program    	The effect of this position in the decision of sociology department is to fulfill this because is a rational and worth decision for the students who enter in the university before the problem don't have to take others 2 required courses for them graduation in the program    
HI	HI
Hi, i´m Mario and i´m from Mexico, i studing in university, but my english is wrong, i wait could help me..	Hi, i´m Mario and i´m from Mexico.I study at university, but my english is poor.I will wait for your help..
thank you	thank you
HI	HI
Hi to all, today I'm resting in house, everything because yesterday, I to go out in the night with my friends, and the party I end late, I see a football in television, I don't have anything to do, there are classes until next thursday in my college.	Hi all.I'm resting at home, because yesterday was a busy day.I will go out tonight with friends and to a party later.I watched football on television, because there is nothing to do.I have classes until next thursday at my colllege.
But  I have much homework, it's the bad thing...	The bad thing is, I have a lot of homework.
a/one - difference on meaning	a/one - difference on meaning
Hello,	Hello,
I recently saw on an airport taxi cab bussiness the sign "trip covers only a destination", and I wonder if the use of "a" is completely correct and does not lead to any misunderstandings.	I recently saw on an airport taxi cab the sign "trip covers only a destination", and I wonder if the use of "a" is completely correct and does not lead to any misunderstandings. 
I would have expected to read "trip covers only one destination".	I would have expected to read "trip covers only one destination".
Thank you.	Thank you.
I continue trying sentences with two more onomatopeia.	I continue trying sentences with two more onomatopeia.
a virtual album for digital photographs - facebook	a virtual album for digital photographs - facebook
Yesterday night I was meditating about the relevance of such services.	Last night I was meditating about the relevance of such services.
Yesterday night I was meditating about the relevance of such services.	Last night I was meditating on services like Facebook's photo application.
My sister was showing me the pictures of a cousin, who I have not seen for around 6 years or so.	My sister was showing me some pictures of a cousin, who I have not seen for around 6 years or so.
My sister was showing me the pictures of a cousin, who I have not seen for around 6 years or so.	My sister was showing me some pictures of a cousin who I have not seen for about six years.
At least I have an idea now she is doing fine and "alive".	Now At least I have the idea that she is doing fine and is "alive".
At least I have an idea now she is doing fine and "alive".	Now at least I know she is alive and doing fine.
No doubt these digital services bring along a new kind of social behaviour.	No doubt these digital services bring along a new kind of social behavior.
No doubt these digital services bring along a new kind of social behaviour.	No doubt these kinds of digital services bring about a new kind of social behaviour.
It is certainly a new way of communication wich we did not have some years ago, and provides posibilities not available before.	It is certainly a new way of communication which we did not have some years ago that provides possibilities not available before.
It is certainly a new way of communication wich we did not have some years ago, and provides posibilities not available before.	There are certainly many new ways of communicating which we did not have a few years ago that provide possibilities not available before. 
It is certainly a new way of communication wich we did not have some years ago, and provides posibilities not available before.	It is certainly a new way of communication, which we did not have some years ago, and provides possibilities not available before.
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure as well, wich of course can be found on other very old examples in our societies.	On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure which of course can be found in other very old examples of our societies.
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure as well, wich of course can be found on other very old examples in our societies.	On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like the risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure as well, which has happened before with developments in communication methods such as the telephone.
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure as well, wich of course can be found on other very old examples in our societies.	On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like the risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure, which has happened before with previously developed communication methods such as the telephone.
At the end I think they are fine for those conscious individuals who are alike to such extroverted way of communication.	In the end I think they are fine for those conscious individuals who are alike to such extroverted way of communication. In the end I think they are fine for those individuals who like extroverted ways of communication.
Wasn't there a reviews section?	Wasn't there a review section?
Greetings users of Lang-8.	Greetings users of Lang-8.
Given that my last entry was a little bit 'too long; didn't read', I'll just take this chance to ask you guys a question and write a smaller entry at the same time:	Given that my last entry was a little bit 'too long; didn't read', I'll just take this chance to ask you guys a question and write a smaller entry at the same time:
When I watched the video at tofugu.	When I watched the video at tofugu.
com that introduced me to this website, he mentioned there was a review section, where (if I am not mistaken) you could write...	com introduced me this website and he mentioned there was a review section, where (if I am not mistaken) you could write...
err, reviews?	err, reviews?
My question is: Was there a review section in the site?	My question is: Was there a review section in the site?
If so, what kind of reviews were written in there?	If so, what kind of reviews were written in there?
Reviews about books, videogames, media, products?	Reviews about books, videogames, media, products?
Maybe reviews about other websites?	Maybe reviews about other websites?
How was that reviews section exactly used?	How that review section is exactly used?
Also...	Also...
is it "legal" to write, say, website reviews in THESE spaces, or would it be considered spam?	is it "legal" to write, say, website reviews in THESE spaces, or would it be considered spam?
Awwwwwwwwwwrite, thank you guys for your attention.	Awwwwwwwwwwrite, thank you guys for your attention.
Please correct my entry and I'll give you a cookie...	Please correct my entry and I'll give you a cookie...
a COLOMBIAN cookie :D 	a COLOMBIAN cookie :D 
Careful with DEAD ENDS!!	Careful with DEAD ENDS!!
Hello...	Hello...
uh...	uh...
how should I call you guys...	how should I call you guys...
users?	users?
Lang-ers?	Lang-ers?
Wait...	Wait...
I think that's a bad word so I'll just stick with 'users' xD	I think that's a bad word so I'll just stick with 'users' xD
So...	So...
today I woke up at 7:00 am, got ready by 8:00, and went on to take my not-so-favorite-but-still-efficient public transportation system called 'Transmilenio', which is like the equivalent of the metro system of the bigger cities in the US and beyond.	today I woke up at 7:00 am, got ready by 8:00, and went on to take my not-so-favorite-but-still-efficient public transportation system called 'Transmilenio', which is like the equivalent of the metro system of the bigger cities in the US and beyond.
The difference is that it works with buses ON the surface instead of trains underground.	The difference is that it works with buses ON the surface instead of trains underground.
Anyways, I had to give tutoring in math to a boy who lives very far from where I live; almost in the other side of the city.	Anyways, I had to tutor a boy who lives very far from where I live; he practically lives on the other side of the city.
I arrived at the main Transmilenio station of that zone (almost the outskirts of the city), and from there I started to look at the nearby houses for addresses in order to compare how far I was form this boy's house.	I arrived at the main Transmilenio station of that zone (almost the outskirts of the city), and from there I started to look at the nearby houses for addresses in order to compare how far I was from this boy's house.
It turns out I was 20 street-blocks and 20 avenue-blocks away from there!	It turns out I was 20 street-blocks and 20 avenue-blocks away !
Which is to say that I was, say, at the 143rd street with 94th avenue, and the boy was at the 163rd street with 74th avenue (that's more or less how Colombia's addresses notation works).	Which is to say that I was, say, at the 143rd street with 94th avenue, and the boy was at the 163rd street with 74th avenue (that's more or less how Colombia's addresses notation works).
SO, I decided to walk all the way from the 143rd to the 163th avenue.	SO, I decided to walk all the way from the 143rd to the 163th avenue.
I was running late, so I had to call my contractors so that they could tell my pupil's parents that I would arrive late.	I was running late, so I had to call my contractors so that they could tell my pupil's parents that I would arrive late.
Finally, after walking for 20 blocks (I think it was more than that...), I was like "Ok, now time to go down through the avenues!" (i.	Finally, after walking for 20 blocks (I think it was more than that...), I was like "Ok, now time to go down through the avenues!" (i.
e.	e.
to go from the 94th avenue to the 93rd, 92nd, etc)...	to go from the 94th avenue to the 93rd, 92nd, etc)...
and OH big surprise.	and OH big surprise.
There was NO PATH to go down through the avenues!!!	There was NO PATH to go down through the avenues!!!
I could barely go down an avenue or two when I was blocked by the landscape itself!!	I could barely go down an avenue or two when I was blocked by the landscape itself!!
Nowhere to advance from there; only houses, private lots, giant walls, and nature itself...	Nowhere to advance ; only houses, private lots, giant walls, and nature itself...
SO, I had to GO BACK all the way to find a path that would allow me to get to the 74th avenue.	SO, I had to GO BACK all the way to find a path that would allow me to get to the 74th avenue.
After walking for yet another hour without finding a path, and crossing through a grassy lot (with cows and all!!), I finally found a road that took me to the 73th avenue...	After walking for yet another hour without finding a path, and crossing through a grassy lot (with cows and all!!), I finally found a road that took me to the 73th avenue...
and this same avenue resulted to be one of the most famous and used avenues here in Bogotá (the Boyacá Avenue) and I didn't even know it's number!!	and this same avenue resulted to be one of the most famous and used avenues here in Bogotá (the Boyacá Avenue) and I didn't even know it's number!!
So...	So...
one hour late, and after two hours of pure walking, I managed to meet with the boy and be done with the tutoring.	one hour late, and after two hours of pure walking, I managed to meet with the boy and be done with the tutoring.
So...	So...
what did I learned?	what did I learn?
That one usually thinks that streets and avenues are perfectly connected; i.	That one usually thinks that streets and avenues are perfectly connected; i.
e.	e.
that you can go from the 1st avenue to the 200th just by walking down through ANY street...	that you can go from the 1st avenue to the 200th just by walking down through ANY street...
and most of the time it is true.	and most of the time it is true.
However, you never know if you are so unlucky that there will be something blocking your path from, say, the 28th avenue to the 33th (yup...	However, you never know if you are so unlucky that there will be something blocking your path from, say, the 28th avenue to the 33th (yup...
an unexpected DEAD END!!)	an unexpected DEAD END!!)
This same situation happened to me some time ago...	This same situation happened to me some time ago...
but in the middle of the city, where my path was suddenly blocked by a really large bushy barrier that was extended through avenues and avenues to no end.	but in the middle of the city, where my path was suddenly blocked by a really large bushy barrier that was extended through avenues and avenues to no end.
It resulted to be a country club...	It resulted to be a country club...
right in the middle of the city...	right in the middle of the city...
and that I didn't even know existed!!	and that I didn't even know existed!!
So, moral of the story: If you need to get ON TIME to a certain place, and you are getting there using a bicycle or walking...	So, moral of the story: If you need to get ON TIME to a certain place, and you are getting there using a bicycle or walking...
then follow a MAIN AVENUE or MAIN STREET!!	then follow a MAIN AVENUE or MAIN STREET!!
If you go all "hey, let's explore the insides of the city, YAY!!", you might stumble with an unexpected and frustrating dead end, and you might arrive late to your appointment.	If you go all "hey, let's explore the insides of the city, YAY!!", you might stumble with an unexpected and frustrating dead end, and you might arrive late to your appointment.
Ok guys, I hope my whole story made sense (and is actually understandable).	Ok guys, I hope my whole story made sense (and is actually understandable).
Also THANKS A LOT for reading it!!	Also THANKS A LOT for reading it!!
n.	n.
n 	n 
Now please, tell me what you think about my English writing skills in the comment section BELOW ('=3' reference, wink wink xD).	Now please, tell me what you think about my English writing skills in the comment section BELOW ('=3' reference, wink wink xD).
Happy correcting!	Happy correcting!
>:D	>:D
Greetings everyone!!!	Greetings everyone!!!
Hi!	Hi!
Thanks for reading this small introduction.	Thanks for reading this small introduction.
My name is Santiago Madrigal.	My name is Santiago Madrigal.
I live in Bogotá (Colombia) and found out about Lang-8 in a post at tofugu.	I live in Bogotá (Colombia) and found out about Lang-8 in a post at tofugu.
com, which is a blog about Japanese culture and learning the Japanese language.	com, which is a blog about Japanese culture and learning the Japanese language.
When I saw the video review of this site on that blog, I...	When I saw the video review of this site on that blog, I...
I just found the whole concept really cool!!	I just found the whole concept really cool!!
You write about whatever you want in your target language, and other people correct it for you.	You write about whatever you want in your target language, and other people correct it for you.
Also, you help other people with their target language by correcting their mistakes and giving advice.	Also, you help other people with their target language by correcting their mistakes and giving advice.
An almost perfect give-receive language system!!	An almost perfect give-receive language system!!
SO, given that I REALLY want (and need!) to polish up my English writing skills before tackling my Japanese with more dedication, I decided to stop thinking about mayyyybe joining somedayyyyy, and actually joined yesterday at night.	So, given that I REALLY want (and need!) to polish up my English writing skills before tackling Japanese with more dedication, I decided to stop thinking about maybe joining someday, and actually joined last night.
So...	So...
here I am.	here I am.
Ready to write about the most random stuff I can come up with, willing to receive help from you people, and also very very willing to help all of you that are currently learning Spanish.	Ready to write about the most random stuff I can come up with, willing to receive help from you people, and also very, very willing to help all of you that are currently learning Spanish.
So...	So...
yeah...	yeah...
be MERCILESS with your corrections!!!	be MERCILESS with your corrections!!!
>:D	>:D
How To Learn Japanese - What Teachers Don’t Want You To Know!	How To Learn Japanese - What Teachers Don’t Want You To Know!
Greetings dear lang-ers!	Greetings dear lang-ers!
Here's another article I want you to please, pretty please take a good look at.	Here's another article I want you to please, pretty please take a good look at.
Tell me if I made any mistakes, and let me know about what you think of the article itself.	Tell me if I made any mistakes, and let me know what you think of the article itself.
Gracias!	Gracias!
:D	:D
TITLE:	TITLE:
How To Learn Japanese - What Teachers Don’t Want You To Know!	How To Learn Japanese - What Teachers Don’t Want You To Know!
BODY:	BODY:
Let me ask you something: What do you think about learning Japanese?	Let me ask you something: What do you think about learning Japanese?
How do you feel about it?	How do you feel about it?
Do you enjoy the experience of learning a whole new and exotic language, or is it a painful and mind-numbing duty you must fulfill in order to pass an exam or receive a promotion?	Do you enjoy the experience of learning a new and totally different language, or is it a painful and mind-numbing duty you must fulfill in order to pass an exam or receive a promotion?
If you are like most people, then you’ve probably taken Japanese classes.	If you are like most people trying to learn Japanese, you’ve probably taken Japanese classes.
You know how they go: You show up for class, listen lectures on grammar and vocabulary, listen to recordings or watch videos that do not resemble how Japanese people actually speak and interact, and then you complete exercise sheets or speaking exercises with the group.	You know how they go: You show up for class, listen to lectures on grammar and vocabulary, listen to recordings or watch videos that do not reflect how Japanese people actually speak and interact, and then you complete exercise sheets or speaking exercises with the group.
Also, let’s not forget the good deal of hiragana/katakana/kanji drilling you have to do in order to stand a chance of memorizing those little buggers.	Also, let’s not forget the good deal of hiragana/katakana/kanji drilling you have to do in order to stand a chance of memorizing those little buggers.
Then you have to turn in assignments and projects, and you have to cram and drill kanji like crazy before each exam.	Then you have to turn in assignments and projects, and you have to cram and review kanji like crazy before each exam.
You invest all that effort in studying and getting good grades only to find out that, even after years of classes, studying and mindless drilling, that you can’t read the newspapers, watch anime without subtitles, or even have a fluent conversation with a native.	You invest all that effort in studying and getting good grades only to find out that, even after years of classes, studying and mindless drilling, you can’t read the newspapers, watch anime without subtitles, or even have a fluent conversation with a native speaker of Japanese.
You know, pretty standard stuff.	You know, pretty standard stuff.
Are classes fun?	Are classes fun?
Sometimes they are if the teacher is a fun person and tries to engage the group in interesting activities.	Sometimes they are if the teacher is a fun person and tries to engage the group in interesting activities.
But the important question is: Are classes truly effective for becoming fluent in the language?	But the important question is: Are classes truly effective for becoming fluent in the language?
We all want to think yes, but experience shows us countless times that it’s not true.	We all want to think yes, but countless experience show otherwise.
We all want to think yes, but experience shows us countless times that it’s not true.	We all want to think yes, but experience has shown us countless times that it’s not true.
You know it, everybody knows it, but nobody accepts it: Classes suck!	You know it and everybody else knows it, but nobody accepts it: Classes suck!
Now, if classes are not effective at all...	Now, if classes are not effective at all...
how do you learn Japanese then?	how should you learn Japanese ?
Well, some people get tired of cramming and drilling just to get grades, so they decide to learn on their own.	Well, some people get tired of cramming and drilling just to get grades, so they decide to learn on their own.
They religiously take two hours a day to study textbooks on grammar, vocabulary, and of course kanji.	They religiously take two hours a day to study textbooks on grammar, vocabulary, and of course kanji.
They read, they complete exercises, they drill...	They read, they complete the exercises, they drill...
and yet, not only they are not getting the results they are expecting, but the whole process doesn’t feel fun in itself; it feels more like a chore.	and yet, not only do they not get the results they hope for, but the whole process doesn’t feel fun in itself; it feels more like a chore.
But, isn’t that how things work?	But, isn’t that how things work?
In order to learn a language you have to study a lot, don’t you?	In order to learn a language, you have to study a lot, don’t you?
And only then you will be able to use it, right?	And only then will you be able to use it, right?
Well, that is exactly what teachers and language institutions want you to think, because that’s what they think themselves and that’s what makes them money.	Well, that is exactly what teachers and language institutions want you to think, because that’s what they themselves think and that’s what makes them money.
But here’s the truth: You can’t learn a language!	But here’s the truth: You can’t learn a language!
But here’s the truth: You can’t learn a language!	But here’s the truth: A language can't be learned!
You can learn all you want about a language (i.	You can learn all you want about a language (i.
e.	e.
learn grammar), but doing so will not give you the skill of language itself.	learn grammar), but doing so will not give you the skill of language itself.
It’s like learning to drive.	It’s like learning to drive.
Sure, you can be pretty knowledgeable about physics, know the definition of velocity and acceleration, the resistance of the air, know how a car works and interacts with these variables, etc.	Sure, you can be pretty knowledgeable about physics, know the definition of velocity and acceleration, know the resistance of the air, know how a car works and interacts with these variables, etc....
But knowing that doesn’t give you the skill of actually getting in the car and drive it.	But knowing that doesn’t give you the skill of actually getting into the car and being able to drive it.
You can only learn to drive by doing it.	You can only learn to drive by doing it.
You can’t learn a language per se; you can only acquire it, own it, get used to it.	You can’t learn a language per se; you can only acquire it, own it, get used to it.
And how do you get used to a language?	And how do you get used to a language?
By doing stuff in the language!	By doing stuff in the language!
This is what students and teachers alike get all wrong: You don’t study a language so that you can do stuff in the language in a future (a future that will never come!); you do a lot of stuff in the language, and as a result of it, you get so used to the language that you find using it yourself.	This is what students and teachers alike get all wrong: You don’t study a language so that you can do stuff in the language in the future (a future that will never come!); you do a lot of stuff in the language, and, as a result of that, you get so used to the language that you find yourself using it .
In other words, you acquire a language through immersion.	In other words, you acquire a language through immersion.
Think about how you “learned” your native tongue (I guess it’s English).	Think about how you “learned” your native tongue (let's suppose that your native tongue is English).
Did you study English for 12 years until you were able to read and listen English sentences without any trouble?	Did you study English for 12 years until you were able to read and listen English sentences without any trouble?
I think not; I think you had an insanely good level of English by the time you were 5 years old.	I doubt it; I assume you had an insanely good level of English by the time you were 5 years old.
Why?	Why?
Because all you heard was in English, all you read was in English, and eventually you tried to imitate what you saw and listened to, until you were able to write and speak in English.	Because everything you heard was in English, everything you read was in English, and eventually you tried to imitate what you saw and listened to, until you were able to write and speak in English.
That’s how you tackle “learning” other languages too.	That’s how you tackle “learning” other languages too.
So, if you want to truly become fluent in Japanese:	So, if you truly want to become fluent in Japanese:
First, ditch all the textbooks and educational material away, and get lots of native media that you would enjoy!	First, ditch all the textbooks and educational material , and get lots of native media that you would enjoy!
Say, you like to watch cartoons?	Do you like to watch cartoons?
Get a bunch of native anime DVDs or watch anime without subtitles online.	Get a bunch of native anime DVDs or watch anime without subtitles online.
Like Youtube?	Like YouTube?
Watch only videos in Japanese or create an account in Nico Nico Douga, which is the Japanese equivalent of Youtube.	Watch only videos in Japanese or create an account in Nico Nico Douga, which is the Japanese equivalent of YouTube.
Watch only videos in Japanese or create an account in Nico Nico Douga, which is the Japanese equivalent of Youtube.	Watch only videos in Japanese or create an account on Nico Nico Douga, which is the Japanese equivalent of YouTube.
Like metal or rock music?	Like metal or rock music?
Get songs from J-Rock and J-Metal bands.	Get songs from J-Rock and J-Metal bands.
Like reading the news?	Like reading the news?
Check out news websites in Japanese.	Check out news websites in Japanese.
You spend most of your time in the computer?	You spend most of your time on the computer?
Change the user interface of your operating system and your phone to Japanese.	Change the user interface of your operating system and your phone to Japanese.
Have Japanese friends?	Have Japanese friends?
Convince them to talk to you in Japanese every now and then.	Convince them to talk to you in Japanese every now and then.
In short, be exposed to stuff in Japanese, the most that you can everyday (and no, just two hours a day won’t cut it!)	In short, expose yourself to stuff in Japanese, as much as you can, everyday (and no, just two hours a day won’t cut it!)
It doesn’t matter if you don’t understand anything at first.	It doesn’t matter if you don’t understand anything at first.
That is only normal.	That is normal.
Just keep doing and doing stuff in Japanese, and as time goes by, you will start understanding it more and more every day.	Just keep doing stuff in Japanese, and, as time goes by, you will start understanding more and more every day.
Remember to only engage in activities that are fun to you, and if there’s stuff you have been doing in English for a long time (like watching movies), keep doing them but in Japanese.	Remember to only engage in activities that are fun to you, and if there’s stuff you have been doing in English for a long time (like watching movies), keep doing them, but in Japanese instead.
And as for learning kanji, the kana and their readings, you can use special tools to accelerate their acquisition, like SRS software.	And as for learning kanji, the kana and their readings, you can use special tools to accelerate their acquisition, like SRS software.
No teacher wants this to be true, but the sure-fire way of actually getting to OWN a language is through immersion.	No teacher wants this to be true, but the sure-fire way of actually getting to OWN a language is through immersion.
And Japanese, even with its thousands of kanji and different grammar and pronunciation, is no exception.	And Japanese, even with its thousands of kanji and different grammar and pronunciation, is no exception.
Article for ezinearticles HELP - The Hanna HI 98129 combo tester	Article for ezinearticles HELP - The Hanna HI 98129 combo tester
Greetings fellow lang-ers!	Greetings fellow lang-ers!
Wow, it's been a looooooooooong while since I last posted anything in this site	Wow, it's been a looooooooooong time since I last posted anything on this site.
Well, to the point: I need your help!	Well, to the point: I need your help!
I am trying to become a platinum author on a website called ezinearticles.	I am trying to become a platinum author on a website called ezinearticles.
com, where you submit articles about any topic you want, and you recieve exposure and backlinks to your website in exchange.	com, where you submit articles about any topic you want, and you receive exposure and backlinks to your website in exchange.
I wrote a total of 20 articles, and the last four of them were rejected because of grammatical and structure errors!	I wrote a total of 20 articles, and the last four of them were rejected because of grammatical and structure errors!
According to the editors, my articles "didn't flow naturally".	According to the editors, my articles "didn't flow naturally".
I corrected them, and the last article was rejected again.	I corrected them, and the last article was rejected again.
I re-wrote it, and was rejected yet another time because of the same problem...	I re-wrote it, and was rejected yet another time because of the same problem...
Well, I don't want that to happen anymore; I want to learn how to write in "proper English"...	Well, I don't want that to happen anymore; I want to learn how to write in "proper English"...
but for that I need your help!	but for that I need your help!
Would you guys, please, like, pretty please, help me with this article?	Would you guys, please, like, pretty please, help me with this article?
What mistakes am I making?	What mistakes am I making?
Do you have any suggestions on how to improve?	Do you have any suggestions on how to improve?
If you guys help me I will give you a cookie; a Colombian cookie made with grounded coffee and everything...	If you guys help me I will give you a cookie; a Colombian cookie made with ground coffee and everything...
oh, and will also use my "mad spanish skillz" to go on a "correction spree" on the site!	oh, and will also use my "mad spanish skillz" to go on a "correction spree" on the site!
Well...	Well...
here's my thingy.	here's my thingy.
It's about a device you can use to measure the pH of fluids and what you need to give it maintenance:	It's about a device you can use to measure the pH of fluids and what you need to give it maintenance:
***	***
TITLE:	TITLE:
Hanna HI 98129 - Maintenance Aspects Of This Combo Reader	Hanna HI 98129 - Maintenance Aspects Of This Combo Reader
BODY:	BODY:
There are several situations in which you have to measure the pH of fluids and semi-solids.	There are several situations when it is necessary to measure the pH of fluids and semi-solids.
If you are a gardener you need to know how is the pH of the soil.	If you are a gardener, you need to know the pH of the soil in your garden.
If you work on chemistry projects you sometimes need to know the pH of liquids you might want to mix or heat up.	In chemical labs, you sometimes need to know the pH of liquids before mixing or heating them.
If you work in food processing, knowing the pH of substances is also essential.	If you work in food processing, knowing the pH of substances is also essential.
Also, being able to measure the conductivity and temperature of other liquids is important in fields like industrial engineering and environmental applications	It's also important to be able to measure the conductivity and temperature of other liquids in fields like industrial engineering and environmental applications.
In some cases one needs to be able to measure these three variables at the same time.	In some cases one needs to be able to measure these three variables at the same time. It's not clear what the three variables are- specify them.
Although one piece of equipment per variable can be used to measure each one of them, there are special gadgets that allow you to measure these three variables and more, by using only one device.	Although separate pieces of equipment can be used to measure each of them, there are special tools that allow you to measure these three variables and more using only one device.
One of this kind of devices is the Hanna HI 98129.	One model is the Hanna HI 98129.
The Hanna Instruments HI 98129 is a pen-like tester that you can use to measure the pH, conductivity, temperature and even TDS (Total Dissolved Solids) of several kinds of substances.	The Hanna Instruments HI 98129 is a pen-like tester that you can use to measure the pH, conductivity, temperature and even TDS (Total Dissolved Solids) of several different substances.
It works with an electrode that you can remove and clean easily by using a special tool that comes with the tester as well as a small cloth to clean it after testing.	It works via an electrode that can be removed and easily cleaned after testing by using a special tool that comes with the tester as well as a small cloth.
Using the HI 98129 for taking measurements is very easy: you just take off the cap, select the variable you wish to measure, place the electrode on the fluid you wish to analyze, and wait a couple of seconds until the tester gives you the reading you want.	Using the HI 98129 to take measurements is very easy: you simply remove the cap, select the variable you wish to measure, place the electrode in the fluid to be analyzed, and wait a few seconds until the tester produces the desired reading.
However, just because it is easy to use doesn’t mean it requires little maintenance!	Just because it is easy to use, however, doesn’t mean its maintenance is equally as simple.
In order to give proper maintenance to the HI 98129 it is necessary to buy special solutions.	In order to properly maintain the HI 98129, it is necessary to buy specific solutions.
These come in 8 ounces bottles and each one serves a different function.	These come in 8-ounce bottles and each one has a separate function.
There is the 7.01 pH solution and the 4.01 pH solution, which are required to calibrate the pH readings of the tester.	The 7.01 pH solution and the 4.01 pH solutionare required to calibrate the pH readings of the tester.
There’s also the 1413 mS/cm solution, which is needed to calibrate the conductivity readings of it.	The 1413 mS/cm solution is needed to calibrate its conductivity readings.
There is also a cleaning solution, which is used to clean up the electrode.	It is also necessary to purchase a cleaning solutionto clean the electrode.
It is recommended to use this solution at least once a day in order to prevent clogging of the electrode and maintain accuracy in the readings.	It is recommended that customers use this solution at least once a day in order to prevent clogging in the electrode and to maintain accuracy in the readings.
Finally, there is the storage solution, from which a small ammount is placed in the cap of the HI 98129 combo tester while it is not in use.	Finally, there is the storage solution, of which a small amount is placed in the cap of the HI 98129 combo tester while it is not in use.
It keeps the electrode moist, which also maintains accuracy, fast response times and overall functioning.	It keeps the electrode moist, which helps maintains accuracy, fast response times and overall functioning.
The Hanna HI 98129 sure needs a lot of maintenance!	The Hanna HI 98129 definitely needs a great deal of maintenance.
Having to buy 4 bottles of solutions the first time that one gets the product feels a bit like a ripoff, and having to calibrate it and clean the electrode so often is kind of frustrating.	Having to buy four bottles of solutions along with the product may cause customers to feel financially squeezed, and having to calibrate it and clean the electrode so often may seem frustrating.
But that is the maintenance that the device needs; there’s no workaround.	That is the maintenance that the device needs, though; there’s no getting around it. 
However, if you get these solutions, use the properly and follow the maintenance procedures correctly, the tester will always be working properly, and will provide fast and accurate readings for each kind of measurements that you need to make.	However, if you purchase these solutions, use them properly and follow the maintenance procedures correctly, the tester will always work properly and will provide fast and accurate readings for all of the measurements that you need to perform.
***	***
If you made it to this point, you are my hero and I love you.	If you made it to this point, you are my hero and I love you.
Have your coffee cookie.	Have your coffee cookie.
Thanks for reading and helping me out!	Thanks for reading and helping me out!
ONLINE SHOPPING	ONLINE SHOPPING
Internet has changed our lives in many different ways, one of them is shopping.	Internet has changed our lives in many different ways, one of them is shopping.
Online shopping has become very popular in recent years.	Online shopping has become very popular in recent years.
Nowadays it’s highly developed in some sectors like transport, hotels etc.	Nowadays it’s highly developed in some sectors like transport, hotels etc.
But it’s still used by a minority in many other sectors like clothing, food etc	But it’s still used by a minority in many other sectors like clothing, food etc.
The greatest benefit of online shopping is that it allows us to buy things very quickly and without the need to move to the shop.	The greatest benefit of online shopping is that it allows us to buy things very quickly and without the need to move to the shop.
So online shopping saves us a time and money.	So online shopping saves us a time and money.
Another point in favour of this technology is that it facilitates the trade, because it allows us to buy things very far away produced.	Another point in favour of this technology is that it facilitates the trade, because it allows us to buy things very far away produced.
In addition online shopping has promoted the exchange of products between private people through websites like Ebay.	In addition online shopping has promoted the exchange of products between private people through websites like Ebay.
One downside is that nowadays people who did no have access to Internet connexion have many difficulties to buy some things on their own.	One downside is that nowadays people who did no have access to Internet connexion have many difficulties to buy some things on their own.
Another drawback is the lose of work positions and the impersonality, because the client never meet the seller and this could increase the number of swindles.	Another drawback is the lose of work positions and the impersonality, because the client never meet the seller and this could increase the number of swindles.
On the whole online shopping is a great invention, the benefits are more much important than the drawbacks and I think that in the future we are going to buy almost every thing using online shopping.	On the whole online shopping is a great invention, the benefits are more much important than the drawbacks and I think that in the future we are going to buy almost every thing using online shopping.
Hello	Hello
Hello everyone.	Hello everyone.
This is my first post in English on this website.	This is my first post in English on this website.
Undoubtely it is a wonderful way to get instant corrections of our common grammar mistakes.	Undoubtely it is a wonderful way to get instant corrections of our common grammar mistakes.
I am currently preparing to take Japanese Language Proficiency Test in December but I would not like my English be rusty due to my Japanese studies.	I am currently preparing to take the Japanese Language Proficiency Test in December but I would not like my English to become rusty due to my Japanese studies.
Would you kindly help me?	Would you kindly help me?
Thank you very much.	Thank you very much.
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
The (Spanish) What we are really like?	The (Spanish) What we are really like?
The stereotypes of people from my country are: the first, everybody thinks that we like seeing the bulls.	The stereotypes of people from my country are: firstly, everybody thinks that we like seeing bulls die.
Secondly, people think that we spend all our time singing, dancing and eating paella.	Secondly, people think that we spend all our time singing, dancing and eating paella.
Thirdly, everyone thinks of us as being lazy, undisciplined and implite.	Thirdly, everyone thinks of us as being lazy, undisciplined and impolite.
They think that we always tend to disobey rules and that we have a sense of humor.	They think that we always tend to disobey rules and that we have a sense of humor.
From my point of view I think that the first stereotype is not true, nowadays a lot of people do not like the bulls, in Cataluña even the bulls are forbidden.	From my point of view I think that the first stereotype is not true, nowadays a lot of people do not like bulls. In Cataluña bullfights are forbidden.
Second stereotype I could be said that is not true too, maybe in the south, people signing and dancing more than the north, but we do not spend all our time only in this things.	Second stereotype I could be said that is not true too, maybe in the south, people signing and dancing more than the north, but we do not spend all our time only in these things.
About eating paella in Valencia perhaps, but in other places not.	About eating paella, it may be true in Valencia perhaps, but not in other places
Third stereotype there is no doubt that we do not like work much, we are a bit undisciplined and of course we are impolite, this is our weakness.	Third stereotype: There is no doubt that we do not like work much, we are a bit undisciplined and of course we are impolite, these are our weaknesses.
In general we take very seriously few things.	In general we take very few things seriously.
This can be interpreted in different ways.	This can be interpreted in different ways.
I think that our sense of humor is our better strength.	I think that our sense of humor is one of our strengths.
HELLO	HELLO
HELLO EVERYBODY IM ANGIE AND I IM REALLY WANT TO LEARN ENGLISH, IT IS BECAUSE THIS LENGUAGE IS INTERESTING...	HELLO EVERYBODY IM ANGIE AND I IM REALLY WANT TO LEARN ENGLISH, IT IS BECAUSE THIS LENGUAGE IS INTERESTING...
Something about me	Something about me
Hi	Hi
My name is Javier, I´m from Seville.	My name is Javier, I´m from Seville.
I´ve got 26 years old and I´m working as an enginier.	I am 26 years old and I´m working as an engineer.
I´ve got 26 years old and I´m working as an enginier.	I'm 26 years old and I´m working as an enginier.
I´ve got 26 years old and I´m working as an enginier.	I am 26 years old and I´m working as an enginier.
In my very very short free time I like to play sports, meet with my friends, watch films or read books, the usual.	In my limited free time I like to play sports, meet my friends, watch films, read books, the usual.
In my very very short free time I like to play sports, meet with my friends, watch films or read books, the usual.	In my very very short free time I like to play sports, meet with my friends, watch films or read books.
Now I´m studing English because of my future.	Now I'm studying English to use it in the future.
Now I´m studing English because of my future.	Now I´m studing English for my future.
Now I´m studing English because of my future.	Now I´m studying English for of my future.
I don´t need it in my work, but I want to change, maybe not now, but in a not so far future.	I don't need it for my work, but I want to change, maybe not now, but in the near future.
I don´t need it in my work, but I want to change, maybe not now, but in a not so far future.	I don´t need it in my work, but I want to change job, maybe not now, but in the not too distant future.
I don´t need it in my work, but I want to change, maybe not now, but in a not so far future.	I don´t need it in my line of work, but I want to change, maybe not now, but in the not-so-distant future.
I have a very inusual English, this is because I spend some time abroad, and i needed it to survive, but I didn´t really study it properly.	My English is very unusual because when I spent some time abroad I needed it to survive, but I didn't really study it properly.
I have a very inusual English, this is because I spend some time abroad, and i needed it to survive, but I didn´t really study it properly.	I have a very unusual English, because I've spent some time abroad, and i needed it to survive, but I didn´t really study it properly.
I have a very inusual English, this is because I spend some time abroad, and i needed it to survive, but I didn´t really study it properly.	I have very unusual English. This is because I had spent some time abroad, andI needed it to survive, but I didn´t really study it properly.
I can have a conversation (better when I´m drunked), but if you stop to think in my gramar you make suicide.	I can have a conversation (better when I'm drunk), but if you stop to think about my grammar you'd want to kill yourself.
I can have a conversation (better when I´m drunked), but if you stop to think in my gramar you make suicide.	I can have a conversation (better when I´m drunk), but if you stop to think about my grammar you would commit suicide.
I can have a conversation (better when I´m drunked), but if you stop to think in my gramar you make suicide.	I can have a conversation (better when I´m drunk), but if you stop to think about my grammar, it would make you want to commit suicide.
I never thought about writting something in english on internet to improve it, but my teacher forced my, she told me that if I don´t do it i will have to spend the next class standing up with the book on my head and one finger of my left hand in my nose.	I never thought about writing something in English on the internet to improve it, but my teacher forced me to. She told me that if I don't do it I will have to spend the next class standing up with a book on my head and one finger of my left hand in my nose.
I never thought about writting something in english on internet to improve it, but my teacher forced my, she told me that if I don´t do it i will have to spend the next class standing up with the book on my head and one finger of my left hand in my nose.	I never thought about writting something in english on internet to improve it, but my teacher forced me, she told me that if I don´t do it i will have to spend the next class standing up with the book on my head and one finger of my left hand in my nose.
I never thought about writting something in english on internet to improve it, but my teacher forced my, she told me that if I don´t do it i will have to spend the next class standing up with the book on my head and one finger of my left hand in my nose.	I never thought about writing something in English on theInternet to improve it, but my teacher forced me. She told me that if I don´t do itI would have to spend the next class standing up with a book on my head and touching my nose with my left hand finger.
She is very good, but if you make him ungry she will cut off your head  ;)	She is very good, but if you make her angry she will cut off your head  ;)
She is very good, but if you make him ungry she will cut off your head  ;)	She is very good, but if you make her ungry she will cut off your head  ;)
She is very good, but if you make him ungry she will cut off your head  ;)	She is very good, but if you make her angry she will cut off your head ;)
And That´s all Folk´s!	And that's all folks!
And That´s all Folk´s!	And that´s all folks!
invitaciones	invitaciones
I can say for an invitation ...	I can say for an invitation ...
DO YOU WANT TO GO TO THE MOVIES WITH ME ?	DO YOU WANT TO GO TO THE MOVIES WITH ME ?
IT'S RIGHT THAT ?	Is that right?
saludos	saludos
hi !	hi !
how are you ?	how are you ?
or how are you doing ?	or how are you doing ?
Japanese	Japanese
Since I did Japanese Language Proficency Test (JLPT) three weeks ago I planned to start studying Korean, as well as continuing with Japanese.	Since I did the Japanese Language Proficency Test (JLPT) three weeks ago I planned to start studying Korean, as well as continuing with Japanese.
I have done so, I'm really happy about having started Korean, but I haven't studied japanese since, until today.	I have done so, I'm really happy about having started Korean, but I haven't studied japanese since, until today.
I have just studied some grammar, but I wanted to study kanji (Japanese characters) too, and It's night already.	I have just studied some grammar, but I wanted to study kanji (Japanese characters) too, and It's night already.
This has made me realize that studying one more language is going to be harder than I thought.	This has made me realize that studying one more language is going to be harder than I thought. - or "...studying two languages at the same time..."
I think the two best periods of learning a language are two.	I think the two best periods of learning a language are: .
First, when you start.	First, when you start.
You start saying simple things an understanding single words from texts or movies or whatever.	You start saying simple things an understanding single words from texts or movies or whatever.
You move on really fast and you are happy of doing something new (at least me, I addmit I've become a language geek).	You move on really fast and you are happy to do something new (at least , I admit I've become a language geek).
The other great period is when you get to an intermediate level and you can communicate and understand native speakers in everyday conversations.	The other great period is when you get to an intermediate level and you can communicate and understand native speakers in everyday conversations.
In Korean I'm in the first period.	In Korean I'm in the first period. - Period is ok but "stage", "level", "part" might be better.
Everything's new and interesting and I'm advancing fast enough to be happy.	Everything's new and interesting and I'm advancing fast enough to be happy.
But in Japanese, I already can talk about simple things with native speakers, but I find myself stuck there, repeating the same mistakes and barely learning anything.	But in Japanese, I already can talk about simple things with native speakers, but I find myself stuck there, repeating the same mistakes and barely learning anything. - "I can already..."
I know now how far I am of speaking Japanese well or reading more complex texts; and I have realized that this will take me years.	I know now how far off I am from speaking Japanese well or reading more complex texts; and I have realized that this will take me years.
That's why I'm finding it difficult to focus, and knowing I'm not improving at all or barely improving makes me feel uneasy.	That's why I'm finding it difficult to keep focused and knowing that I'm not improving at all or barely improving makes me feel uneasy.
I need to come back to earth and realize that you need time and patience to learn a language, no matter how much you like it, you need to spend a lot of time studying.	I need to come back to earth and realize that you need time and patience to learn a language, no matter how much you like it, you need to spend a lot of time studying.
Pay Me	Pay Me
Please pay me,	Please pay me,
Doesn't matter how much money you pay.	Doesn't matter how much money you pay.
You'll never fulfill the debt you adquired	You'll never fulfill the debt you adquired
What I'm selling you has no price.	What I'm selling you has no price.
At less not one which can be paid with money.	At less not one which can be paid with money.
But, I'll let you give me some money...	But, I'll let you give me some money...
So I pay someone to cultivate something for me to eat,	So I pay someone to cultivate something for me to eat,
Someone to build the house I'll inhabit,	Someone to build the house I'll inhabit,
While I engage In singing this song.	While I engage In singing this song.
So You pay me in a way that's understandable...	So You pay me in a way that's understandable...
I'll let you give me some money.	I'll let you give me some money.
Even when What I'm selling you has no price.	Even when What I'm selling you has no price.
I'd like to sell you the liberation of all suffering	I'd like to sell you the liberation of all suffering
How I'll do such kind of action?	How I'll do such kind of action?
It's hard to figure it out	It's hard to figure it out
In our limitation	In our limitation
When you don't even know what are you here for	When you don't even know what are you here for
Please pay me,	Please pay me,
Wouldn't you buy a better world?	Wouldn't you buy a better world?
That's part of the deal.	That's part of the deal.
And don't ask for your money back.	And don't ask for your money back.
You already listened(read) the song you paid for.	You already listened(read) the song you paid for.
The work has been done.	The work has been done.
Send the money to paypal account: mamfproject@hotmail.	Send the money to paypal account: mamfproject@hotmail.
com	com
Feedback & translation welcome too.	Feedback & translation welcome too.
Chosen	Chosen
After too many hour of sleep deprivation I was exhausted.	After too many hour of sleep deprivation I was exhausted.
I was feeling like a corpse that didn't notice its death and kept breathing.	I was feeling like a corpse that didn't notice its death and kept breathing.
The wall was gray, the humidity was excesive.	The wall was gray, the humidity was excessive.
I was losing the sense of the time.	I was losing the sense of time.
And I started to hallucinate.	And I started to hallucinate.
Then, my captors opened the door, gave a slice of bread and some water.	Then, my captors opened the door, gave a slice of bread and some water.
They told me: 'Get up and come with us' I did that.	They told me: 'Get up and come with us' I did that.
I was noticing some king of presence in my back, was it a ghost?	I noticed some kind of presence behind me, was it a ghost?
it was saying me: 'You are the one, we have chosen you for the mission'.	it was saying to me: 'You are the one, we have chosen you for the mission'.
My captors bandaged my eyes, I couldn't see anything.	My captors bandaged my eyes, I couldn't see anything.
They kept me walking for some time, I think I walked through a forest.	They kept me walking for some time, I think I walked through a forest.
It was cold.	It was cold.
I was almost nude.	I was almost nude.
At some moment I felt like I was walking alone...	At some moment I felt like I was walking alone...
and I was.	and I was.
I reached a solid soil, clearly I reached a road.	I reached solid soil, clearly I reached a road.
I couldn't get rid of the bandage over my eyes, My hands were handcuffed in my back.	I couldn't get rid of the bandage over my eyes, My hands were handcuffed in my back.
I hear a noise coming.	I hear a noise coming.
It was a vehicle.	It was a vehicle.
It got closer to me too quickly and knocked me down.	It approached me too quickly and knocked me down.
*To continue*	*To continue*
All rights reserved (c) 2010 Mick Murillo	All rights reserved (c) 2010 Mick Murillo
 Divine Love Is The Path	 Divine Love Is The Path
This is a lyric I wrote today, please help me make it sound natural.	These are some lyrics, thatI wrote today.Please help me make it sound natural.
Hope you like it and thanks for your help.	Hope you like it and thanks for your help.
Love me!	Love me!
because I have a good part	because there is good in me.
some virtues that deserve you to love me.	and, some virtues that deserve your love.
Not everything in my is sinful	Not everything in me is sinful
The good things I did	The good things I did
The goodness in me	The goodness in me
Is claiming your love!	areclaiming your love!
I know you have the potential to love.	I know you have the potential to love.
Your heart is not made of rusted iron.	Your heart is not made of rusted iron.
You are beautiful!	You are beautiful!
Your soul has something to do with love.	Your soul is full of love.
So please	So please
Looove mee!	Looove mee!
The other night	The other night
I had a dream	I had a dream
In which both of us	In which both of us
Fell in love	Fell in love
I realize there's a lot of potential happiness	I realize there's a lot of untappedhappiness
In corresponded love	In unrequited love
That's the reason I ask you to love...	That's the reason I ask you to love...
To loove meeeee!	To loove meeeee!
Don't think we'll have to marry to consume our love.	Don't think we'll have to marry to consummate? our love.
In the moment we love each other	In the moment we love each other
And make a promise of eternal love	And make a promise of eternal love
In that moment we are already married	In that moment we are already married
We don't need a mundane contract	We don't need a mundane contract
Our marriage is of a divine nature	Our marriage is of a divine nature
Nothing to do with the affairs of this material world.	Nothing to do with the affairs of this material world.
I want us to engage in a long voyage	I want us to engage in a long voyage
With no return	With no return
In wich we'll reach the heaven that exists	In which we'll reach the heaven that exists
In this place or another	In this place or another
You know, the heaven that can manifest in our hearts	You know, the heaven that can manifest in our hearts
That kind of heaven	That kind of heaven
Divine love is the path	Divine love is the path
For our hearts to engage in.	For our hearts to engage in.
Let's do it	Let's do it
There isn't anything better you can do.	There isn't anything better you can do.
Let's do it	Let's do it
We'll make love the right way!	We'll make love the right way!
All rights reserved (c) 2009 Mick Murillo	All rights reserved (c) 2009 Mick Murillo
Last time I saw her.	Last time I saw her.
Last time I saw her, she look at my eyes.	Last time I saw her, she looked into my eyes.
And we hold the glance.	And we held the glance.
Her eyes were so beautiful, big and clear.	Her eyes were so beautiful, big and clear.
I could lost myself in her eyes.	I could have lost myself in her eyes.
Looking at her eyes connected me to infinity.	Looking into her eyes connected me to infinity.
Looking at her eyes connected me to infinity.	Looking into her eyes connected me to eternity.
Because there was a promise of eternal love.	Because there was a promise of eternal love.
Trip	Trip
I am very exited with this site.	I am very exited with this site.
Probably there is many people that don't know many facts about my country, sometime soon I will post some things about it!	Probably there is many people that don't know many facts about my country, sometime soon I will post some things about it!
Tomorrow I am going to travel to the capital (Caracas) because that's where I study in the university.	Tomorrow I am going to travel to the capital (Caracas) because that's where I study in the university.
I'm now at my native city 4 hours away from Caracas.	I'm now at my native city 4 hours away from Caracas.
Wish me luck :) 	Wish me luck :) 
Hello!!	Hello!!
I'm new in this website and I hope to make friends!	I'm new to this website and I hope to make friends!
I consider that I have a high level in english but there is always a few things that I say or write wrong so it would be awesome for someone to help me with that.	I consider that I have a high level in english but there are always a few things that I say or write wrong so it would be awesome for someone to help me with that.
I consider that I have a high level in english but there is always a few things that I say or write wrong so it would be awesome for someone to help me with that.	I consider that I have a high level in English but there are always a few things that I say or write wrong so it would be awesome for someone to help me with them.
Also I am trying to learn Japanese, I'm in a very early stage, I'm only learning Hiragana now, and I know some expressions.	Also I am trying to learn Japanese, I'm at a very early stage, I'm only learning Hiragana now, and I know some expressions.
So when I'm more advanced I will begin to write in romaji, and when I begin to learn Kanjis I will write in Japanese.	So when I'm more advanced I will begin to write in romaji, and when I begin to learn Kanji I will write in Japanese.
;).	;).
I'm from Venezuela so my native language is spanish	I'm from Venezuela so my native language is spanish
Mi first post. A dream (:	My First Post: A Dream (:
I was running as fast as I could to be the first to get to the finishing line when I saw an alternative path.	I was running as fast as I could to be the first to get to the finish-line, when I saw an alternative path.
I was running as fast as I could to be the first to get to the finishing line when I saw an alternative path.	I was running as fast as I could to be the first to get to the finish line when I saw an another path.
I thought it could be a shorter way and I went into it.	I thought it could be a shorter way so I went for it.
I thought it could be a shorter way and I went into it.	I thought it could be a shortcut and went for it.
I thought it could be a shorter way and I went into it.	I thought it would be a quicker way so I went for it.
After a while, I realised that that wasn't the right way: I had got lost.	After a while, I realized that that wasn't the right way: I had gotten lost.
After a while, I realised that that wasn't the right way: I had got lost.	After a while, I realized that that wasn't the right way; I had gotten lost.
After a while, I realised that that wasn't the right way: I had got lost.	After a while, I realized I had gone the wrong way: I was lost.
Suddenly, I found a cave and I decided to enter.	Suddenly, I found a cave and decided to enter.
Suddenly, I found a cave and I decided to enter.	Suddenly, I found a cave and decided to explore.
It was like a labyrinth with jails at the sides.	It was like a labyrinth with jails on the sides.
After crossing some corners, I came across a jail that was habitated by a pink female monster.	After turning some corners, I came across a jail that was inhabited by a pink female monster.
After crossing some corners, I came across a jail that was habitated by a pink female monster.	After cutting some corners, I came across a jail that was inhabited by a pink, female monster.
After crossing some corners, I came across a jail that was habitated by a pink female monster.	After exploring a bit, I came across a jail that was habitated by a pink, female monster.
She had the shape of a bear standing up, her skin seemed soft, she was beautiful.	She had the shape of a bear standing up. Her skin seemed soft. She was beautiful.
She had the shape of a bear standing up, her skin seemed soft, she was beautiful.	She had the shape of a bear standing up, her skin seemed soft, she was beautiful.
She spoked to me about someone who had jailed her, but she was frightened and didn't want to speak too much.	She spoke to me about someone who had jailed her, but she was frightened and didn't want to speak too much.
She spoked to me about someone who had jailed her, but she was frightened and didn't want to speak too much.	She told me about the one who had jailed her, but was frightened and didn't want to speak too much.
I was wishing to help her, but I did not know how.	I wanted to help her, but I didn´t know how.
I was wishing to help her, but I did not know how.	I wished to help her, but did not know how.
I was wishing to help her, but I did not know how.	I wanted to help her, but I didn't know how.
Walking a little bit more, I found more beings of different colours, one purple and another blue.	Walking a little bit more, I found more beings of different colors, one purple and another blue.
Walking a little bit more, I found more beings of different colours, one purple and another blue.	Walking a little bit more, I found more beings of different colors: one purple and another blue.
Walking a little bit more, I found more beings of different colours, one purple and another blue.	Walking further through the labyrinth, I found more beings of different colors, one purple and another blue.
They were sad and wanted to escape.	They were sad and wanted to escape.
I decided I had had enough and ran out of there.	I decided I had had enough and ran out of there.
I heard voices coming from nowhere telling me: "the guilty ones are the grey!"; "no, they are the green!"; "no, they are the blue!".	I heard voices coming from nowhere telling me: "the guilty ones are the grey!", "no, they are the green!", "no, they are the blue!".
would yo be who you are today if you hand´t endured the trials in your life?	would yo be who you are today if you hand´t endured the trials in your life?
Some trials made big changes over my life,because I stared to endured trials which can be for some people very easy, but for me those were very difficul, like to weak up early, learn some customs,work, study other language; continued for others big trials, that I think now about these, I can´t understand how I did it.	Some trials made big changes over my life,because I stared to endured trials which can be for some people very easy, but for me those were very difficul, like to weak up early, learn some customs,work, study other language; continued for others big trials, that I think now about these, I can´t understand how I did it.
ever my few years in this world, some trials tought mea and hit me much time, a cese which pass for my mind it was when I was ten years, my bussy father bring me to Santa Cruz a big city for a child , while we were inside the car, he was giving instruction how to arrive to my piano class because he couldn´t bring me up, I remembered he´d drawn a little map with some strange streets, I stared to cry but he lent me over the Cristo Redentor Av.	ever my few years in this world, some trials tought mea and hit me much time, a cese which pass for my mind it was when I was ten years, my bussy father bring me to Santa Cruz a big city for a child , while we were inside the car, he was giving instruction how to arrive to my piano class because he couldn´t bring me up, I remembered he´d drawn a little map with some strange streets, I stared to cry but he lent me over the Cristo Redentor Av.
and he said, don´t worry baby, you can.	and he said, don´t worry baby, you can.
There I stopped to cry ,taking the bus, I arrived to my class, and in a day I learned how to walk in a city.	There I stopped to cry ,taking the bus, I arrived to my class, and in a day I learned how to walk in a city.
other experiences were stared to work, I was fourteen and my mother gave me a job with her, like a saleperson, selling optics products, I couldn´t endured those situations because thers were differents kind of customers who was sometime lovable, boring, arrogant.	other experiences were stared to work, I was fourteen and my mother gave me a job with her, like a saleperson, selling optics products, I couldn´t endured those situations because thers were differents kind of customers who was sometime lovable, boring, arrogant.
in that last days i was shy that is the reason because with some customer i cried, but with a big effort, leard to attend to the customers become to be so easy	in that last days i was shy that is the reason because with some customer i cried, but with a big effort, leard to attend to the customers become to be so easy.
In fact now I learned how to value my life ,the others´ life and to be who now I am.	In fact now I learned how to value my life ,the others´ life and to be who now I am.
now, how can I find me?	now, how can I find me?
some days I feel some withe spaces inside me,..	some days I feel some withe spaces inside me,..
and I ask myself; where am I?	and I ask myself; where am I?
preering write with some mistakes.....	preering write with some mistakes.....
Help	Help
Hello my name is sandra	Hello my name is Sandra.
I don't understand this page	I don't understand this page.
I think is for to leran english,but i don't find the excercices and lessons.	I think is for learning English, but I can't find the excercices and lessons.
Can you help me??	Can you help me??
I want to learn english	I want to learn English
First of all, my name is Israel and i'm 32 years old.	First of all, my name is Israel and I'm 32 years old.
Since this is my first entry, and I don't wanted an entry just to introduce me, this is to tell you about my english.	Since this is my first entry, and I wanted an entry just to introduce me. This is to tell you about my english.
Since this is my first entry, and I don't wanted an entry just to introduce me, this is to tell you about my english.	Since this is my first entry, and I don't want an entry just to introduce myself, this is to tell you about my English.
The basics to what i know now, is what i learned in the junior high school; the rest is from taking this and that, from a website, a book, movies, music, some news, etc.	The basics of what I know is what I learned in my junior high school; the rest is from taken from this and that, a website, a book, movies, music, some news, etc.
The basics to what i know now, is what i learned in the junior high school; the rest is from taking this and that, from a website, a book, movies, music, some news, etc.	The basic I know about English now, is what I learned in the junior high school; the rest is learned from this and that, such as a website, a book, some movies, some music, some news, etc.
I love to learn new stuff; languages is one of them	I love to learn new stuff, and languages is one of them
I love to learn new stuff; languages is one of them	I love to learn new stuff, and language is one of them 
Always i wanted  to know well the language, at least to having a decent level conversational; but between the work and the work...	I always wanted to know the language well, at least to have a decent level for conversation; but between the work and the work...
Always i wanted  to know well the language, at least to having a decent level conversational; but between the work and the work...	Always I wanted to know well the language, at least having a decent level of conversation; but between the work and the work...
Always i wanted  to know well the language, at least to having a decent level conversational; but between the work and the work...	I always want to know well for language, at least having a decent level of conversation, such as in conversation in work.
Always i wanted  to know well the language, at least to having a decent level conversational; but between the work and the work...	I always wanted to know the language well, to at least to have a decent conversational level ; but between the work and the work...
Now, i'd like to try seriously to advance in the knowledge of the language	Now, I'd like to seriously try to advance my knowledge of the language
Now, i'd like to try seriously to advance in the knowledge of the language	Now, I'd like to try seriously to advance my knowledge of the language
I don't have friends to practice the english and i never went to an english school; because of this, my "listening" is pretty poor.	I don't have friends to practice and I have never gone to an English school; because of this, my "listening" is pretty poor.
I don't have friends to practice the english and i never went to an english school; because of this, my "listening" is pretty poor.	I don't have friends to practice English with, and I never went to an English school. Because of this, my "listening" is pretty poor.
But i like to read articles in english and try to understand	I like to read articles in english and try to understand.
But i like to read articles in english and try to understand	But I like to read articles in English and try to understand them.
I think that i can understand a sixty even a seventy percent of what i read,	I think that I can understand about sixty or seventy percent of what I read.
I think that i can understand a sixty even a seventy percent of what i read,	I think that I can understand about sixty even seventy percent of what I read,
I think that i can understand a sixty even a seventy percent of what i read,	I guess that i can understand a sixty even a seventy percent of what i read,
I think that i can understand a sixty even a seventy percent of what i read,	I think that i can understand sixty even seventy percent of what I read.
but without a teacher nor a school i think i'll can´t grow up my poor knowledge	But without a teacher nor a school I don't think I can increase my knowledge.
but without a teacher nor a school i think i'll can´t grow up my poor knowledge	but without a teacher nor a school, I think can't improve my poor knowledge
but without a teacher nor a school i think i'll can´t grow up my poor knowledge	But without a teacher or a school i think I can´t improve my poor knowledge
but without a teacher nor a school i think i'll can´t grow up my poor knowledge	but without a teacher or a school, I don't think I can improve my poor knowledge.
I will try to write frequently on (in, at?) this journal and i'll ask for your kindness corrections (your kindness to correct me?)	I will try to write frequently on this journal and I'll ask for your kindness to correct me.
I will try to write frequently on (in, at?) this journal and i'll ask for your kindness corrections (your kindness to correct me?)	I will try to write frequently in this journal and I'll ask for your kindness for corrections
I will try to write frequently on (in, at?) this journal and i'll ask for your kindness corrections (your kindness to correct me?)	I will try to write frequently on this journal and I'll ask for your kindness to correct me
So, this is my first entry and i would like to receive some criticism about it, no matter if these are hard (rude) XD	So, this is my first entry and I would like to receive some criticism about it, no matter if these are hard (rude) XD
So, this is my first entry and i would like to receive some criticism about it, no matter if these are hard (rude) XD	So, this is my first entry and I would like to receive some criticisms about it, no matter if these are hard (rude) XD
So, this is my first entry and i would like to receive some criticism about it, no matter if these are hard (rude) XD	So, this is my first entry, and I would like to receive some criticism about it, no matter how harsh XD
Thanks in advance!	Thanks in advance!
Do you think the life is short?	Do you think life is short? or: Do you think that life is short?
When I was a kid, for some reason I thought that my life would be short.	When I was a kid, for some reason I thought that my life would be short.
Now, I'm 33.	Now, I'm 33.
I live my life each day as if the tomorrow does not come.	I live my life each day as if tomorrow will not come.
I've always lived quiet, without hurries; today is not different.	I've always lived quietly, without hurry; today is no different. You can technically use "hurries" and "not" in this sentence, but it is much more common and smoother to use "hurry" and "no" in this example.
I think, that each one lives as fast as learned to do it.	I think that each person lives as fast as he learned to do it. I'm not entirely sure what you mean here...are you talking about the pace of life each person has according to their personality? As in whether they are laid-back or are always rushing to get somewhere?
The idea that the life is short is subjective, I think.	The idea that life is short is subjective, I think.
In other times, my age was the age of the mature people (almost old people).	In other times, my age was the age of mature people (almost old people). Or you can say "my age was the age of maturity."
Today the average world expectative of life is at least 60 years old, and We think that is a very low number.	Today the average world life expectancy is at least 60 years old, and we think that is a very low number.
But if you think that 100 years in this beautiful place named Earth, is very few time to live in there, think again...	But if you think that 100 years in this beautiful place named Earth is a very short time to live here, think again...
Methuselah lived almost 1000 years and all we know about him is that was a Good Man.	Methuselah lived almost 1000 years and all we know about him is that he was a Good Man.
Jesus died after 33 years of life and no matter if you believe or not in him, today is still a sample to follow and an inspiration to try a better way to live.	Jesus died after 33 years of life and no matter if you believe in him or not, today he is still an example to follow and an inspiration to live a better life. 
So, if you really think that on your 40's, 50's, etc., you're starting to live,	So, if you really think that in your 40's, 50's, etc., you're starting to live, 
or if you think that on your 15, 20 or 25, you have still a lot for live, think again; because the time is relative and the best person that you could be, was not yesterday and will not be tomorrow, must be now.	or if you think that at age 15, 20 or 25, you have still a lot of time to live, think again; because the time is relative and the best person that you could be was not yesterday and will not be tomorrow, but must be now.
At the end, no matter if the time of life seems short, the most important thing is "How do you spend your time of life?" 	At the end, no matter if life seems short, the most important thing is how you spend your time.
If you are young or if you are old you can trascend, so don't wait to know more, or to be stronger, or richer...	If you are young or if you are old you can transcend, so don't wait to know more, or to be stronger, or richer...
only "give life to your days".	just "give life to your days."
I'm not sick, don´t smoke, I take alcohol (little) only on special days, but I think that each new day that I can see is a gift.	I'm not sick, don´t smoke, I drink alcohol (just a little) only on special days, but I think that each new day that I can see is a gift. "I think that each new day is a gift" sounds better.
So, if I could die today, tomorrow or any other day I would be glad not for to die, but for I've lived more than I figured it.	So, if I could die today, tomorrow or any other day I would be glad -- not to die, but to have lived more than I figured .
I didn't planned to write today.	I didn't plan to write today.
I only started to write and the ideas come one after one.	I only started to write and the ideas came one after another.
So to take advantage of this, Welcome 33!	So to take advantage of this, Welcome 33!
Greetings!	Greetings!
probando	probando
hello whats your name?	hello whats your name?
Inscription	Inscription
Hello!!!	Hello!!!
My name is Laura.	My name is Laura.
no english.	I speak no English.
New student.	I'm a new student.
I don't know.	I don't know much grammar, only words.
Thankyou for your help....	Thankyou for your help....
I am working in preescolar education.	I am working in prescholar education.
I am working in preescolar education.	I am working in preschooler education.
I am happy for learning	I am happy to be learning English.
Thakyou!!!	Thak you!!!
Thakyou!!!	Thank you!!!
I'am already felling bilingual!!	I'm already felling bilingual!!
I'am already felling bilingual!!	I'm already feeling bilingual!!
you are such a great friends, because you help  people improve	You are such a great friends, because you help people improve.
you are such a great friends, because you help  people improve	you are such great friends, because you help people improve
Venezuela	Venezuela
I have a message to all the people across the world; Come to visit Venezuela.	I have a message to all the people across the world; Come to visit Venezuela.
Come to know Venezuela and her people.	Come to know Venezuela and her people.
Visit our marvelous Orinoco river, our mountains and Our beachs.	Visit our marvelous Orinoco river, our mountains and our beaches.
You can visit the tallest water fall in the world; the Angel`s fall, and next time take an adventure into the amazonas rainforrest.	You can visit the tallest waterfall in the world; the Angel`s fall, and next time take an adventure into the amazon's rain forest.
You can visit the highest cableway in the world in merida and eat some icecream from the most large list in icecream on the world; the icecrams of the "La Coromoto" gelato.	You can visit the highest cableway in the world in merida and eat some ice cream from the greatest makers of ice cream in the world; the ice creams of the "La Coromoto" gelato.
If you want know a tropical paradise, then go to the Margarita Island and have the best days in your life.	If you want visit a tropical paradise, then go to the Margarita Island and have the best days in your life.
See you around there!	See you around there!
A Very Bad Night	A Very Bad Night
I hate hospitals.	I hate hospitals.
Like everybody, I suppose.	Like everybody else, I suppose. -'else' is entirely optional, just feels better.
Yesterday my father in law sign in at 22:00.	Yesterday my father in law was admitted at 22:00.
Yesterday my father in law sign in at 22:00.	Yesterday my father in law signed in at 22:00.
I was so scared, waiting with the family news from the doctors in the waiting room.	I was so scared while waiting for news from the doctors with the rest of the family in the waiting room.- This order feels better, what you'd written makes me think that it's the doctors in the waiting room.
I was so scared, waiting with the family news from the doctors in the waiting room.	I was so scared. I was waiting with the family in the waiting room for news from the doctors.
At 3 o'clock I went to my house to sleep a bit (just 2 hours) and my brothers in law stayed there all the night.	At 3 o'clock I went to my house to sleep for a bit, just 2 hours, but my brothers-in-law stayed there all night. - No need for parenthesis.
At 3 o'clock I went to my house to sleep a bit (just 2 hours) and my brothers in law stayed there all the night.	At 3 o'clock I went to my house to sleep for a bit (just 2 hours) and my brother-in-laws stayed there all night.
Now he is better, but I continue shaking just thinking of this night.	He is better now, but I can't stop shaking whenever I think of last night.
I realy hate hospitals.	I really hate hospitals.
First Day	First Day
Hi!	Hi!
Today is my first day in this page.	Today is my first day on this website.
I would like to writte better in english.	I would like to write better in English.
I like studying languages.	I like studying languages.
I speak also a bit in french, ruso, and vasque.	I also speak a bit of French, Russian, and Basque.
This one is a language not so commun, from Pays Vasque, in Spain.	Basque is a language that is not very common, from the Basque Country, in Spain.
I'm originaly from San Sebastian, in the north of Spain.	I'm originally from San Sebastian, in the north of Spain.
I'll try to writte a little bit every week, so please help me with my english.	I'll try to write a little bit every week, so please help me with my English.
Thank!!	Thanks!!
Unlucky Student Almost Killed By Unprofessional Guy	Unlucky Student Almost Killed By Unprofessional Guy
Unlucky Student Almost Killed By Unprofessional Guy	Unlucky Student Almost Killed By Unprofessional Guy
Last Thursday, our good friend Yorch was almost killed by our not so professional chemistry “teacher” that was not sure of what their classmates were doing.	Last Thursday, our good friend Yorch was almost killed by our not so professional chemistry “teacher” that was not sure of what their classmates were doing.
Cupper (II) Sulfate and Charcoal Car-bon were the   guilty substances.	Cupper (II) Sulfate and Charcoal Car-bon were the   guilty substances.
“The incident had happened at chemistry lab, where Yorch, Sonic and I were making our experiment of Oxido-Reduction, but our disperse professor was not paying attention.	“The incident had happened at chemistry lab, where Yorch, Sonic and I were making our experiment of Oxido-Reduction, but our disperse professor was not paying attention.
Suddenly, their substance glow in green, the glass got hot, and a few seconds later it ex-ploded in front of everybody.	Suddenly, their substance glow in green, the glass got hot, and a few seconds later it ex-ploded in front of everybody.
Yorch, was the one holding the glass, so he was the one whose life was risking!” our good friend Mr.	Yorch, was the one holding the glass, so he was the one whose life was risking!” our good friend Mr.
Curly.	Curly.
“He’s not capable of doin’ his own job.	“He’s not capable of doin’ his own job.
He doesn’t even know that this compound can be mortal for a single student!!” were the words of this poor student that was only doing his work.	He doesn’t even know that this compound can be mortal for a single student!!” were the words of this poor student that was only doing his work.
But the guy we’re blaming got a surprise when the student told him he was part of the “Wanted Dark List” of our dear Silvia, the “High com-mand” in the UVM.	But the guy we’re blaming got a surprise when the student told him he was part of the “Wanted Dark List” of our dear Silvia, the “High com-mand” in the UVM.
So by the time he noticed, the last thing we heard from him was: “I knew it!	So by the time he noticed, the last thing we heard from him was: “I knew it!
But I hate that disgusting guy!...	But I hate that disgusting guy!...
I had to do what now is done!!...-Unfortunately, it didn’t work…-” Some days later, we couldn’t find him in his address, neither in phone number nor with his mom.	I had to do what now is done!!...-Unfortunately, it didn’t work…-” Some days later, we couldn’t find him in his address, neither in phone number nor with his mom.
Hope you to like the article...	Hope you to like the article...
I wrote it for my english class....	I wrote it for my english class....
it's a tabloid article..	it's a tabloid article..
^-^	^-^
My first step, I need to walk every day	My first step, I need to walk everyday
Hi everyone	Hi everyone,
Hi everyone	Hi everyone.
I finished to read the message of a friend and I think I need to start to write all days.	I finished reading a message from my friend and I think I need to start writing everyday.
I finished to read the message of a friend and I think I need to start to write all days.	I finished reading my friend's message and think that I need to start to write everyday.
I finished to read the message of a friend and I think I need to start to write all days.	I finished reading a friend's message and I think I need to start writing everyday.
In this moments I need to write for study english and I think that's will be good for me in this moment because I want to write all I think	These days I need to write to practice English and I think that will be good for me, because I want to write everything I think
In this moments I need to write for study english and I think that's will be good for me in this moment because I want to write all I think	Currently I need to write to study for English and think that it will be goodnow because I want to write everything, I think
In this moments I need to write for study english and I think that's will be good for me in this moment because I want to write all I think	At this moment I need to write in order to study for english and I think that will be good for me right now because I want to write all that I think.
If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your spanish ask me	If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your spanish just ask me
If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your spanish ask me	If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your Spanish, please ask me
If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your spanish ask me	If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your Spanish, ask me.
take care and all the best.	Take care and hope for the best.
take care and all the best.	Take care and all the best.
Applying for a  scolarship.. Help me editing, please!	Applying for a  scolarship.. Help me editing, please!
Dear Scholarship Committee, 	Dear Scholarship Committee, 
I am writing to you to express my desire to participate in the Scholarship Programme for English Teachers 2010-2011, applying for Teachers Development Course (TDC) at The Anglo.	I am writing to you to express my desire to participate in the Scholarship Programme for English Teachers 2010-2011, applying for Teachers Development Course (TDC) at The Anglo.
Two years ago, I was granted a scholarship to study the Teacher Training Course and thanks to this training I have had better tools to improve my teaching experience.	Two years ago, I was granted a scholarship to study the Teacher Training Course. Thanks to this training I have had better tools to improve my teaching experience.
This training was reflected on my performance -which has been rewarded- and nowadays, I have more responsibilities in the university where I work.	This training has reflected positively on my performance, which has been rewarded!I have used these skills gain responsibility andenhance my role within my organization.
This situation compels me to be updated and better qualified to select, adapt and design language syllabi and material.	My new role requires me to stay ahead of the curve;to continuously adapt and design language syllabi and material relevant to the real world.
The TDC syllabi states that after completing the training, the participant will have acquired skills on evaluation material and syllabus design.	The TDC syllabi states that after completing the training, the participant will have acquired skills on evaluation material and syllabus design.
Not only can I develop the skills needed at my current job but also I can enhance my comprehension of the teaching-learning precepts in more advanced students -the Achilles’ heel in the majority of language schools.	Not only can I develop the skills needed at my current job, but also I can enhance my comprehension of the teaching-learning dynamics with more advanced students.
Using both, skills and knowledge, I am sure I will be able to make proposals to help my students to compete with the international standards.	Using both, skills and knowledge, I am confident I will be able to make proposals to help create an environment to allow my students to flourishcompared tointernational standards.
However, in this moment, as I am still studying I can't work full time and I do not have a great income to afford the Course.	Currently, as I study and build talents for developing our future leaders, I am unable to also work full time.
The TDC represents for me an excellent opportunity to continue improving and I wouldn’t like that my financial restraint problem stops me.	The TDC represents for me an excellent opportunity to continue improving;while eliminating a potential financial barrier to my career development, and ultimately the development of my students.
Due to this situation, I am totally reliant on the generosity of the foundation to be granted the scholarship for the TDC.	Due to these circumstances, my participation in this program appearstotally reliant on the generosity and judgement of the foundation.
I am looking forward to receiving the opportunity to study at The Anglo and to make a great contribution to my students.	I am looking forward to receiving the opportunity to study at The Anglo and to make a great contribution to my students.
Thank you for considering my application.	Thank you for consideration of my application.
Yours faithfully, 	Yours faithfully, 
Jessica Viviana Toledo Aranda	Jessica Viviana Toledo Aranda
Book Review	Book Review
Atonement	Atonement
Atonement is about the story of Briony Tallis, a 13 years old girl from a wealthy British family, who is preparing a play and makes a mistake having life-changing consequences for many.	Atonement is about the story of Briony Tallis, a 13 years old girl from a wealthy British family, who is preparing a play and makes a mistake having life-changing consequences for many.
Briony has got a crush on her maid´s son Robbie, a man who is in love with her older sister Cecilia.	Briony has got a crush on her maid´s son Robbie, a man who is in love with her older sister Cecilia.
During the day before the play takes place, Briony witnesses a moment of significant sexual tension between Robbie and Cecilia making her feel suspicious about Robbie´s intentions.	During the day before the play takes place, Briony witnesses a moment of significant sexual tension between Robbie and Cecilia making her feel suspicious about Robbie´s intentions.
All her suspects increase when Robbie asks her to give Cecilia a letter, which Briony read without permission and that contained explicit erotic words.	All her suspects increase when Robbie asks her to give Cecilia a letter, which Briony read without permission and that contained explicit erotic words.
Later, during a family meeting, Robbie meets Cecilia and they make love in the library, but Briony enters into the room and starts to think he was raping her sister making her suspects about Robbie´s intentions even bigger than before.	Later, during a family meeting, Robbie meets Cecilia and they make love in the library, but Briony enters into the room and starts to think he was raping her sister making her suspects about Robbie´s intentions even bigger than before.
After that, two cousins of Briony run away from the house and while everybody was looking for them, she witnesses her cousin raping and puts the blame on Robbie based on her jealousy and conclusions.	After that, two cousins of Briony run away from the house and while everybody was looking for them, she witnesses her cousin raping and puts the blame on Robbie based on her jealousy and conclusions.
Briony later shows her mother the letter she was asked to give Cecilia, and claims it as a proof of Robbie´s sexual attacks intentions making Robbie to be sent to prison.	Briony later shows her mother the letter she was asked to give Cecilia, and claims it as a proof of Robbie´s sexual attacks intentions making Robbie to be sent to prison.
Then the story develops into what happened after Robbie served sentence and joined Cecilia; nevertheless, at the end we realize all the facts described since Robbie got imprisoned were made up by an old Briony who could only manage her guilt by inventing a story with a happy ending starring Robbie and Cecilia.	Then the story develops into what happened after Robbie served sentence and joined Cecilia; nevertheless, at the end we realize all the facts described since Robbie got imprisoned were made up by an old Briony who could only manage her guilt by inventing a story with a happy ending starring Robbie and Cecilia.
I think Ewan McEwan wanted to show us that guilt feeling after conscious actions is something transverse to all ages, and that it can remain in someone´s life as a remorse claiming for divine forgiveness no matter how many times someone could have been forgiven by another human being.	I think Ewan McEwan wanted to show us that guilt feeling after conscious actions is something transverse to all ages, and that it can remain in someone´s life as a remorse claiming for divine forgiveness no matter how many times someone could have been forgiven by another human being.
Cecilia forgot her sister, but Briony never felt herself forgiven and she even thinks she deserves the pain and the miserable life she´s been living since she realized her mistake when she was 18 years old.	Cecilia forgot her sister, but Briony never felt herself forgiven and she even thinks she deserves the pain and the miserable life she´s been living since she realized her mistake when she was 18 years old.
I liked the book because McEwanexploits the psychological battle inside Briony´s mind between what she did and what she could have done.	I liked the book because McEwanexploits the psychological battle inside Briony´s mind between what she did and what she could have done.
Besides, the author develops an excellent example of guilty motivated delusions, which were all motivated by Briony´s desire of redemption and divine forgiveness.	Besides, the author develops an excellent example of guilty motivated delusions, which were all motivated by Briony´s desire of redemption and divine forgiveness.
I really liked this novel, but sometimes, style seemed a little bit fancy, but is did its work by adding this novel the atmosphere it needed for reaching the main point of guilt and forgiveness McEwan wanted to show.	I really liked this novel, but sometimes, style seemed a little bit fancy, but is did its work by adding this novel the atmosphere it needed for reaching the main point of guilt and forgiveness McEwan wanted to show.
Please check my essay	Please check my essay
Hi there, I have written this essay and since it´s the first time I do, I would like to know if you could kindly check its structure.	Hi there. I have written this essay, and since it´s the first time I'm doing so, I would like to know if you could kindly check its structure.
“English has become the international language for the	English has become the international language for the
Tourism industry: the role of translators and interpreters”	Tourism industry: the role of translators and interpreters.
During the recent years English has became the language of tourism, and since such activity has experienced a worldwide expansion, there has been an increase on the demand for professionals who can provide accurate equivalent sentences from languages deferring from English, in order to let more non-English speaking countries enter into this expanding industry.	During recent years, English has became the language of tourism, and since such activity has experienced a worldwide expansion, there has been an increase in the demand for professionals who can provide accurate equivalent sentences from languages deferring from English, in order to let more non-English speaking countries enter into this expanding industry.
Therefore, the role of translators and interpreters is extremely important as professionals who can provide that required service without mistakes leading to misunderstandings	Therefore, the role of translators and interpreters is extremely important as professionals who can provide that required service without mistakes leading to misunderstandings
Since an original sentence in a language may not have a literal meaning on English.	An original sentence in a language may not have a literal meaning in English.
This is what happens for example with instruction signs originally written in Japanese, where you must put “please” on every imperative sentence, and that pattern is not a must  for English imperative.	This is what happens, for example, with instruction signs originally written in Japanese, where you must put “please” on every imperative sentence, and that pattern is not a must for an English imperative.
This English grammar feature is known only by trained professionals, and the same happens with the need of “please” in Japanese imperative sentences; such knowledge is given under training to translators and interpreters who can put together peculiar aspects of two or more languages in order to provide coherent messages, and not sentences in English such as ““PLEASE NO SMOKE IN HERE”, where the natural sentence would be “NO SMOKING”	This English grammar feature is known only by trained professionals, and the same happens with the need of “please” in Japanese imperative sentences; such knowledge is given under training to translators and interpreters who can put together peculiar aspects of two or more languages in order to provide coherent messages and not sentences in English such as ““PLEASE NO SMOKE IN HERE”, where the natural sentence would be “NO SMOKING”
If a sentence hasn´t been translated properly into English, visitors could experience lots of trouble, and visitors expiring trouble, are unhappy visitors.	If a sentence hasn´t been translated properly into English, visitors could experience lots of trouble, and visitors experiencing trouble are unhappy visitors.
This happens for example when a sentence translated from Japanese into English gave this result: “YOU ARE INVITED TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE CHAMBERMAID”.	This happens, for example, when a sentence translated from Japanese into English gives this result: “YOU ARE INVITED TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE CHAMBERMAID”.
Very hilarious, but actually in Japanese that is the way for saying, “SHOULD YOU NEED SOMETHING, PLEASE TELL US”, hence once again the need for people who can properly give the original idea from Japanese in English without giving chance to misunderstandings.	Very hilarious, but actually in Japanese, that is the way for saying, “SHOULD YOU NEED SOMETHING, PLEASE TELL US”; hence, once again the need for people who can properly give the original idea from Japanese in English without giving a chance to misunderstandings.
Accurately translated sentences will bring ease of communication with your costumers, and of course, it will mean a lot of saved time explaining what was originally intended.	Accurately translated sentences will bring ease of communication with your customers, and of course, it will mean a lot of saved time explaining what was originally intended.
Again, mistranslated sentences will help us, this example was taken from a Japanese to English translation “COOLS AND HEATS: IF YOU WANT JUST CONDITION OF WARM IN YOUR ROOM, PLEASE CONTROL YOURSELF”.	Again, mistranslated sentences will help us. This example was taken from a Japanese to English: translation “COOLS AND HEATS: IF YOU WANT JUST CONDITION OF WARM IN YOUR ROOM, PLEASE CONTROL YOURSELF”.
Customers may experience distress and may even feel insulted just because the pattern was literally translated from Japanese, a language on which the pattern “By yourself” is correspondent to a single element “Jibun”.	Customers may experience distress and may even feel insulted just because the pattern was literally translated from Japanese, a language on which the pattern “By yourself” is correspondent to a single element “Jibun”.
There is no need to say that if the translation operation had been done by trained professionals, all that hilarious trouble could have been avoided.	There is no need to say that if the translation operation had been done by trained professionals, all that hilarious trouble could have been avoided.
Therefore, translators and interpreters play an important role in tourism translation because they are the only professionals capable of sending one idea to English without jeopardizing understanding by literality,  without causing more problems than solutions by mistranslations to customers, and finally because they are trained to provide ease of communication when conveying ideas.	Therefore, translators and interpreters play an important role in tourism translation because of the following reasons. They are the only professionals capable of correctly translating one idea to English without jeopardizing understanding by literality and without causing more problems than solutions by mistranslations to customers. The other reason is that they are trained to provide ease of communication when conveying ideas. 
Doubt regarding statements	Doubt regarding statements
Hello!	Hello!
We have got this phrase and we wanted to know which is the difference between	We have got this phrase and we wanted to know which is the difference between
A: Dad can you lend me $10 please?, I will give it back tomorrow.	A: Dad can you lend me $10 please?, I will give it back tomorrow.
A: Dad can you lend me $10 please, I am going to give back tomorrow.	A: Dad can you lend me $10 please, I am going to give back tomorrow.
What is the difference?	What is the difference?
Because we understood that if you are asking for some money, it is logical to say "I am going", because you assume you have a compromise for giving the lent money back or not?	Because we understood that if you are asking for some money, it is logical to say "I am going", because you assume you have a compromise for giving the lent money back or not?
Thank you	Thank you
Is my text correct? I had to fill up where there were numbers...	Is my text correct? I had to fill up where there were numbers...
I live (1) in Sweden, but every summer I like to travel (2) to Britain to visit my family and friends.	I live (1) in Sweden, but every summer I like to travel (2) to Britain to visit my family and friends.
I hate flying, so last summer I decided that	I hate flying, so last summer I decided that
for a (3) last time I would travel (4)by bus, (5)according to the	(3) this time I would travel (4)by bus, (5)according to the
brochure I received (6) from the travel agency, the bus would leave Malmo	brochure I received (6) from the travel agency, the bus would leave Malmo
(7) at 9.30 (8) on Friday evening and arrive (9) for London the following Sunday at 7.30 (10) in the morning.	(7) at 9.30 (8) on Friday evening and arrive (9) for London the following Sunday at 7.30 (10) in the morning.
The journey would involve taking the boat (11) in Trelleborg on the south (12) coast of Sweden to Travemunde (13) in West Germany.	The journey would involve taking a boat (11) in Trelleborg on the south (12) coast of Sweden to Travemunde (13) in West Germany.
Then we would drive (14) across Germany, Holland and Belgium (15) for taking another boat (16) from Ostend (17) to Dover.	Then we would drive (14) across Germany, Holland and Belgium (15) to take another boat (16) from Ostend (17) to Dover.
It sounded wonderful - (18) at least (19) in theory.	It sounded wonderful - (18) at least (19) in theory.
In (20) the end the journey was a nightmare from (21)start to	In (20) the end the journey was a nightmare from (21)start to
finish.	finish.
(22)In the begin (23)of the journey, I made the mistake	(22)In the beginning (23)of the journey, I made the mistake
(2) of not reserving a berth (25) at Trelleborg and	(2) of not reserving a berth (25) at Trelleborg and berth is a very uncommon word in English, people would more likely just say 'bed'
Travemunde since it was quite impossible to sleep (26) due to the	Travemunde and it was quite impossible to sleep (26) due to the
combined singing (27) of groups of drunk Germans and Swedes, each	(27) groups of drunk Germans and Swedes singing and
trying (28)to outdo the other in (29)intensity of volume and	trying (28)to out do each other in (29) volume and 'intensity of' sounds strange here
vulgarity.	vulgarity.
Again, I had forgotten that you are not allowed to smoke (30) in	Also, I forgot that you are not allowed to smoke (30) in
Swedish buses, which made the journey (31) without stops seem even longer	Swedish buses, which made the journey (31) without stops seem even longer
than it was (32) in the reality.	than it was (32) in reality.
It also meant that when we did eventually	It also meant that when we did eventually
have a break I spent the whole time (33) woke up for the hours when I had	have a break I spent the whole time (33) making up for the hours when I had
not been able to smoke, (34) owing to the result that I could not be bothered t	not been able to smoke, (34) so I could not be bothered to
waste valuable "smoking" time (35)by queuing up (36)for a	waste valuable "smoking" time (35)by queuing up (36)for a
meal.	meal.
(37)For the time we reached London I was a physical and mental	(37) By the time we reached London I was a physical and mental
wreck!	wreck!
I had not slept or eaten properly (38)for almost thirty-six hours	I had not slept or eaten properly (38)for almost thirty-six hours
and all I wanted to do was sleep.	and all I wanted to do was sleep.
So I booked (39)in a really shoddy hotel	So I booked (39)into a really shoddy hotel
next (40)to Victoria Coach Station and slept soundly (41) for	next (40)to the Victoria Coach Station and slept soundly (41) for
twelve hours, (42)at the same time vowing that never again would I	twelve hours, (42)at the same time vowing that never again would I
make the journey from Sweden (43)to Britain by bus (44)As a matter of	make the journey from Sweden (43)to Britain by bus (44)As a matter of
fact, (45) after that experience, flying took (46)on me a whole new	fact, (45) after that experience, flying took (46) me on a whole new
dimension and far (47)from hating it, I would now not dream	dimension and far (47)from hating it, I would not dream
(48)about travelling any other way.	(48)about travelling any other way now.
So, this is my first post	So, this is my first post
Hi there, I'll start this talking a little about me.	Hi there, I'll start this talking a little about me.
My name is Cristian, and I live in Chile, a little country in the very end of South America, I just finished my career as a Multimedia Communicator (it's a weird title), and I'm actually working as a freelance.	My name is Cristian, and I live in Chile, a little country in the very end of South America, I just finished my career as a Multimedia Communicator (it's a weird title), and I'm actually working as a freelance.
I'm not really interested in working for a big company, maybe if I have a good salary I'd be forced to take te job, but the life of a freelancer is priceless, Iwake up anytime, I just need to finish my work on time and try to get betterwhile learning from my mistakes, the sad part is that I don't get to go out much, my plan at first was to take my laptop and go to work at some Starbucks, the most comfy one, so I'd feel like I'm not unemployed!.	I'm not really interested in working for a big company, maybe if I have a good salary I'd be forced to take te job, but the life of a freelancer is priceless, Iwake up anytime, I just need to finish my work on time and try to get betterwhile learning from my mistakes, the sad part is that I don't get to go out much, my plan at first was to take my laptop and go to work at some Starbucks, the most comfy one, so I'd feel like I'm not unemployed!.
But my laptop broke...	But my laptop broke...
Well, next payday I'll get it fixed so I can do that, it's really taking a toll to be at home for so long, I'm feeling like a hikikomori (that's a japanese term, I'm a little otakuish).	Well, next payday I'll get it fixed so I can do that, it's really taking a toll to be at home for so long, I'm feeling like a hikikomori (that's a japanese term, I'm a little otakuish).
That's all I can think of, if you read this and want to know more just ask me!.	That's all I can think of, if you read this and want to know more just ask me!.
Thanks for reading.	Thanks for reading.
Hi	Hi
Well, welcome to myself to Lang-8	I'm new here
i've been browsing here, but i still dont know how to works this page.	I've been browsing here, but I still dont know how this site works. 
Well,,, I hope to meet people and learn english well	Well, I hope I meet people here and learn English. 
I have sore throat	I have sore throat
I feel bad, the sore throat don't let me to work relaxed, I can't to talk a lot for the hurt.	I feel bad, the sore throat don't let me to work relaxed, I can't to talk a lot for the hurt.
I have taken the medecines but I follow sick, I think that I need another doctor, the weather is terrible since Sunday.	I have taken the medecines but I follow sick, I think that I need another doctor, the weather is terrible since Sunday.
Fortunately, this month I don't aply in my english class unless I will be bad in my exam of speaking or in the oral exam, but the next mounth i will be studying, please I need to practice my speaking if you can to practice with me please tell me I dont' know maybe by msn o skype the important is to practice, because my speaking skill is bad I think a lot to answer.	Fortunately, this month I don't aply in my english class unless I will be bad in my exam of speaking or in the oral exam, but the next mounth i will be studying, please I need to practice my speaking if you can to practice with me please tell me I dont' know maybe by msn o skype the important is to practice, because my speaking skill is bad I think a lot to answer.
Thank you to review my writen.	Thank you to review my writen.
Good luck!	Good luck!
My problem with the English.	My problem with English.
I have a lot of problem with my speaking everytime I try to talk with someone, I am so slow to talk, I would like to improve my conversation, I can understand a reading but not happen when I want to talk.	I have a lot of difficulty with my speaking. Every time I try to talk with someone, I am so slow to talk. I would like to improve my conversational skills; I can understand a reading but it doesn't happen when I want to talk.
A  terrible day	A  terrible day
Today, when I was came back from the job to my home, at the distance I could see two strange man near my home, well I didn't give the neccesary important, but when I was near the door I could see what the door was openned, inmediatelly I ask help to my neighbors and we could catch a man inside my home happily they couldn't get nothing of my home, the other two man could scape but the police already have the identications of the accomplices.	Today, when I was coming back from the job to my home, in the distance I could see two strange men near my home. I didn't give the necessary attention, but when I was near the door I could see that the door was opened, immediately I asked my neighbors to help and we could catch a man inside my home. Fortunately, they couldn't get anything of my home, and the other two men escaped, but the police already have the identifications of the accomplices.
And my little dog?.......	And my little dog?.......
well under the bed taking care my socks jajajaja.	well he was under the bed taking care of my socks jajajaja.
I have a lot work	I have a lot work
Today, I found a lot work in my job, I have studyied Accounting and now I am working in a company since four year ago.	Today, I found a lot work in my job, I have studyied Accounting and now I am working in a company since four year ago.
Every day I do different things with the differents areas.	Every day I do different things with the differents areas.
One week ago happend something bad, A coworker ho working in the cash area took money of the company withou permission, I had to accept his mistake and finally he gave up.	One week ago happend something bad, A coworker ho working in the cash area took money of the company withou permission, I had to accept his mistake and finally he gave up.
Now is a little cold again, maybe later it will sunny.	Now is a little cold again, maybe later it will sunny.
Thank you for reviewing my report.	Thank you for reviewing my report.
I lost a friend	I lost a friend
Today, I feel sad because from now on I couldn't see my friend, I am fallen in love her, but she is scared of her parents, she know that i love her, we both were studying english in the same schedule, but this month she changed of schedule, now I miss her a lot, I try not call her much I don't want to bother her.	Today, I feel sad because from now on I couldn't see my friend, I am fallen in love her, but she is scared of her parents, she know that i love her, we both were studying english in the same schedule, but this month she changed of schedule, now I miss her a lot, I try not call her much I don't want to bother her.
But I have the hope that she thought better the things and who knows maybe she and I can be together in a future not so far.	But I have the hope that she thought better the things and who knows maybe she and I can be together in a future not so far.
It is all for today, tomorrow will be another day.	It is all for today, tomorrow will be another day.
PLease, I need that correct that questions	Please, I need these sentences to be corrected.
What is correct?	What is correct?
In what part of the course are you?	In what part of the course are you?
or	or
What part of the course are you in?	What part of the course are you in?
I want to stay with you.	I want to stay with you.
or	or
I want to be with you.	I want to be with you.
I am bored.	I am Bored.
I don't know what to do, I live alone in a rent room, today is Sunday and I am bored, my best friend is far, I called her but I didn't find her.	I don't know what to do. I live alone in a rented room. Today is Sunday and I am bored. My best friend is far away. I called her but she didn't answer.
Maybe later I will take a walk, It is a little cold and I am hungry, I will go out to eat something.	Maybe later I will take a walk. It is a little cold and I am hungry. I will go out to eat something.
the worst is on the TV there isn't nothing to see.	The worst is that there isn't anything good on TV.
Thank you to take your time reviewing my writing	Thank you for reviewing my writing.
The weather is cold.	The weather is cold.
Today is a cold day, I will have to put my jacket, I will take a walk and I will visit my friend, I would like to eat a ice cream but the weather es terrible, I hope tomorrow will be better, 	Today is a cold day, I will have to put on my jacket, I will take a walk and visit my friend, I would like to eat ice cream but the weather is terrible, I hope tomorrow will be better, 
Thank you!	Thank you!
My report for my class	My report for my class
When I traveled to Cuzco, I lost my suitcase, it happened like this, I got early to the bus stop and I gave my sitcase the receptionist, while the bus started to move forward, I imagined that my suitcase had already been placed inside the bus,well when I arrived to Cuzco, I asked the recepcionist for my suitcase and he told me that it was not there and maybe it was left in Arequipa as a consequence of a mistake, then I called the manager, when he approached me I had already been very upset and I asked him for an explanation, he told me that he would find it, then I went to the hotel, after one day the manager called me on the phone and he told me that they had already found my suitcase.	When I traveled to Cuzco, I lost my suitcase, it happened like this, I got early to the bus stop and I gave my sitcase the receptionist, while the bus started to move forward, I imagined that my suitcase had already been placed inside the bus,well when I arrived to Cuzco, I asked the recepcionist for my suitcase and he told me that it was not there and maybe it was left in Arequipa as a consequence of a mistake, then I called the manager, when he approached me I had already been very upset and I asked him for an explanation, he told me that he would find it, then I went to the hotel, after one day the manager called me on the phone and he told me that they had already found my suitcase.
Thank you for your time.	Thank you for your time.
I want to meet friends	I want to meet friends
Hello everyone, I would like to meet some people with who I want to have a friendship and also I can practice english because I need to improve in special the speaking, doesn't matter the country if you know to speak english....	Hello everyone, I would like to meet some people with who I want to have a friendship and also I can practice english because I need to improve in special the speaking, doesn't matter the country if you know to speak english....
very good!	very good!
if you know to speak spanish too.	if you know to speak spanish too.
Thank you.	Thank you.
local hero	local hero
hi lang 8 community today i want to talk about local hero i wait your corrections, so, help me please ok?	Hi, lang 8 community. Today I want to talk about a local hero. I am waiting for your corrections, so help me please, ok?
this is the  document:	This is the document:
LOCAL  HERO	LOCAL  HERO
GENERAL INFORMATION	GENERAL INFORMATION
NAME: JACARANDA  MENDOZA GARCIA	NAME: JACARANDA  MENDOZA GARCIA
AGE: 26  YEARS  OLD	AGE: 26  YEARS  OLD
PROFESSION: LAWYER , PLEADED CLASSIFIED(CONFERRED A DEGREE) WITH SPECIALITY IN CIVIL AND MERCANTILE AREA	PROFESSION: LAWYER , PLEADED CLASSIFIED(CONFERRED A DEGREE) WITH SPECIALITY IN CIVIL AND MERCANTILE AREA
BRITHDAY: 7 TH JULY     BORN: 1983	BRITHDAY: July 7th, 1983
NATIONALITY: MEXICAN	NATIONALITY: MEXICAN
LANGUAGES: ITALIAN	LANGUAGES: ITALIAN
ZODIACAL SIGN: CANCER	ZODIAC SIGN: CANCER
RELIGION: CATHOLIC BUT IT(HE,SHE) PLEASES THE IDEA OF THE BUDDHISM AND THE FRANCISCANS	RELIGION: CATHOLIC BUT WITH AN INTEREST IN BUDDHISM AND THE FRANCISCANS
FAVORITE  PET: CAT  AND DOG	FAVORITE PET: CATS AND DOGS
SHE LOVES: JUSTICE AND PEACE	SHE LOVES: JUSTICE AND PEACE
HABITS: TO READ BOOKS THAT CONETNGAN ALGUN POSITIVE MESSAGE OR MORALS  	HABITS: READING BOOKS WITH POSITIVE MESSAGES OR MORALS
PERSONALITY	PERSONALITY
1) PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS: SHE IS A WOMAN OF MEDIUM STATURE, DARK HAIR, IS OF SKIN(LEATHER) APIÑONADA, IS BEAUTIFUL.	1) PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS: SHE IS A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN OF MEDIUM STATURE, WITH DARK HAIR AND SKIN.
2) SOCIAL CHARACTERISTICS: SHE IS A VERY SOCIABLE PERSON, CONFIDENCE AND SAFETY DRINKS IN THE PERSONS THAT AND STAN A SU ALREDEDOR, IS VERY TENDER, PROTECTIVE, LOVING, ENTERPRISING, DREAMY AND DEDICATED TO HIS(HER,YOUR) WORK	2) SOCIAL CHARACTERISTICS: SHE IS A VERY SOCIABLE PERSON AND MAKES THOSE AROUND HER FEEL SAFE. SHE IS VERY TENDER, PROTECTIVE, LOVING, ENTERPRISING, DREAMY AND DEDICATED TO HER WORK.
3) FORM GIVES TO ACT: ALWAYS ACTUA OF FORM REPOSNSABLE, IS VERY ACTIVE, IS PERFECTIONIST AND PERFECTIONIST IN HIS(HER,YOUR) WORK	3) FORM GIVES TO ACT: ALWAYS ACTUA OF FORM REPOSNSABLE, IS VERY ACTIVE, IS PERFECTIONIST AND PERFECTIONIST IN HIS(HER,YOUR) WORK
4) WAY OF THINKING: SHE BELIEVES FERVENTLY IN DOING THE JUSTICE TOWARDS OTHERS AND IN FOLLOWING(CONTINUING) THE IDEAL ONES THAT ONE HAS UNTIL THE END TAKE THE CORRECT DESICIONES DO THE IMPOSSIBLE THING TO ACHIEVE HIS(HER,YOUR) GOALS	4) WAY OF THINKING: SHE BELIEVES FERVENTLY IN JUSTICE FOR ALL AND IN STAYING TRUE TO ONE'S IDEALS, MAKING THE CORRECT DECISIONS AND DOING THE IMPOSSIBLE TO ACHIEVE ONE'S GOALS.
5) SHE IDENTIFIES WITH: HE(SHE) IDENTIFIES VERY MUCH WITH THE THINGS THAT ARE POSITIVE AND REALISTIC  	5) SHE IDENTIFIES WITH: SHE IDENTIFIES VERY MUCH WITH POSITIVE, REALISTIC THINGS.
6) WORKS: SHE HAS DONE MANY  ALTRUISTIC LABORS	6) WORKS: SHE HAS DONE A LOT OF COMMUNITY SERVICE
MAIN ACTIVITIES	MAIN ACTIVITIES
IMPORTANT CONTRIBUTIONS	IMPORTANT CONTRIBUTIONS
PREPARATORY: COMENZO FOR TEACHING TO READ AND WRITE A GROUP OF ILLITERATE PERSONS IN TALNEPANTLA NEAR WHERE SHE(IT) LIVES IN THE " HOUSE OF THE PEOPLE(VILLAGE) " 	PREPARATORY: COMENZO FOR TEACHING TO READ AND WRITE A GROUP OF ILLITERATE PERSONS IN TALNEPANTLA NEAR WHERE SHE(IT) LIVES IN THE " HOUSE OF THE PEOPLE(VILLAGE) " 
IN THE SUMMER VACATIONS IT(HE,SHE) WAS FORMING(TRAINING) GROUPS IN THIS PLACE TO TEACH(SHOW) MATHEMATICS AND SPANISH IN BASIC AND HALF TOP LEVEL.	IN THE SUMMER VACATIONS IT(HE,SHE) WAS FORMING(TRAINING) GROUPS IN THIS PLACE TO TEACH(SHOW) MATHEMATICS AND SPANISH IN BASIC AND HALF TOP LEVEL.
UNIVERSITY: INTEGRATE TO THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR THE EDUCATION OF THE ADULTS IN WHICH THEY WERE OFFERING TO HER SUPPORT OF DIDACTIC MATERIAL FOR THE PERSONS OF SCANTY RESOURCE AND MAJOR GIVE 18 YEARS, SHE WAS GIVING CLASSES IN THE SAME PLACE.	UNIVERSITY: INTEGRATE TO THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR THE EDUCATION OF THE ADULTS IN WHICH THEY WERE OFFERING TO HER SUPPORT OF DIDACTIC MATERIAL FOR THE PERSONS OF SCANTY RESOURCE AND MAJOR GIVE 18 YEARS, SHE WAS GIVING CLASSES IN THE SAME PLACE.
LATER SHE EMPLOYED AT ATENCION CENTER THE HELPLESS ONES SINCE  SHE WAS TAKING CARE AND ATENDIA BESIDE OFFERING MORAL SUPPORT TO PERSONS (CHILDREN GENERALLY) WITH AIDS AND CANCER, WHO WERE LEFT BY HER FAMILY Or WERE WITHOUT HOME	LATER SHE EMPLOYED AT ATENCION CENTER THE HELPLESS ONES SINCE  SHE WAS TAKING CARE AND ATENDIA BESIDE OFFERING MORAL SUPPORT TO PERSONS (CHILDREN GENERALLY) WITH AIDS AND CANCER, WHO WERE LEFT BY HER FAMILY Or WERE WITHOUT HOME
THE WEEKENDS IN THE CENTER WHERE SHE  WAS WORKING IN IT , SHE WAS GATHERING TOYS, CLOTHES, FOOD, FOR AN ORPHANAGE IN NOBLEMAN, WHERE CHILDREN WERE DEVOTING THEMSELVES TO TAKE CARE AND TO GIVE THEM HOPES TO FIND A GOOD FAMILY.	THE WEEKENDS IN THE CENTER WHERE SHE  WAS WORKING IN IT , SHE WAS GATHERING TOYS, CLOTHES, FOOD, FOR AN ORPHANAGE IN NOBLEMAN, WHERE CHILDREN WERE DEVOTING THEMSELVES TO TAKE CARE AND TO GIVE THEM HOPES TO FIND A GOOD FAMILY.
IN OCCASIONS SHE(IT) WAS GOING TO A CENTER OF ANIMALS LEFT WHERE ALSO I KNOW DEICABA TO TAKING CARE TO THE PETS AND WAS WORKING AS CUIDADORA, WAS LOOKING FOR THE ADOPTION OF THESE ANIMALS.	IN OCCASIONS SHE(IT) WAS GOING TO A CENTER OF ANIMALS LEFT WHERE ALSO I KNOW DEICABA TO TAKING CARE TO THE PETS AND WAS WORKING AS CUIDADORA, WAS LOOKING FOR THE ADOPTION OF THESE ANIMALS.
WHEN TEMRINO HIS(HER,YOUR) CARREA GIVES PLEADED SHE(IT) DID HIS(HER,YOUR) SOCIAL SERVICE IN A DIF IN WHICH SHE(IT) RESOLVIA CASES OF MISTREATMENT AND VIOLENCVIA DOMESTICATES, IT(HE,SHE) WAS LOOKING FOR THE BEST DISTRIBUTION OF GOODS IN A DIVORCE, THE GOOD PLACEMENT OF THE CHILDREN TO THE MOMENT OF THE DIVORCE, THE BEST PERCENTAGE IN THE NOURISHING PENSIONS, WAS OFFERING JURIDICAL ADVISINGS	WHEN TEMRINO HIS(HER,YOUR) CARREA GIVES PLEADED SHE(IT) DID HIS(HER,YOUR) SOCIAL SERVICE IN A DIF IN WHICH SHE(IT) RESOLVIA CASES OF MISTREATMENT AND VIOLENCVIA DOMESTICATES, IT(HE,SHE) WAS LOOKING FOR THE BEST DISTRIBUTION OF GOODS IN A DIVORCE, THE GOOD PLACEMENT OF THE CHILDREN TO THE MOMENT OF THE DIVORCE, THE BEST PERCENTAGE IN THE NOURISHING PENSIONS, WAS OFFERING JURIDICAL ADVISINGS
CURRENT PROYECTS: NOWADAYS THIS SHE(IT) BEING EMPLOYED AT THE INEA SINCE SHE ADVISES GIVING HER SERVICES IN THE MILITARY FIELD 1 IN NAUCALPAN WHERE   SHE TAKES CHARGE OF THE EDUCATIONAL ADVISING OF THE SOLDIERS WITHOUT PRIMARY AND HIGH SCHOOL.	CURRENT PROYECTS: NOWADAYS THIS SHE(IT) BEING EMPLOYED AT THE INEA SINCE SHE ADVISES GIVING HER SERVICES IN THE MILITARY FIELD 1 IN NAUCALPAN WHERE   SHE TAKES CHARGE OF THE EDUCATIONAL ADVISING OF THE SOLDIERS WITHOUT PRIMARY AND HIGH SCHOOL.
CONFERENCES AND PLACES SHE HAS BEEN: SHE  HAS BEEN IN HIDALGO AND MEXICOS STATE	CONFERENCES AND PLACES SHE HAS BEEN: SHE  HAS BEEN IN HIDALGO AND MEXICOS STATE
FUTURE PROJECTS: SHE WANTS TO HAVE HEROWN JURIDICAL BUFFETE BESIDE HAVING POLITICAL CONTACTS TO CREATE A FOUNDATION FOR PERSONS OF ESACOS RESOURCES OR Q EU NEED HELP, HER WOULD LIKE TO BE SENATOR DEL CONGRESS, BESIDE HAVING A DOCTORATE IN LAWS	FUTURE PROJECTS: SHE WANTS TO HAVE HEROWN JURIDICAL BUFFETE BESIDE HAVING POLITICAL CONTACTS TO CREATE A FOUNDATION FOR PERSONS OF ESACOS RESOURCES OR Q EU NEED HELP, HER WOULD LIKE TO BE SENATOR DEL CONGRESS, BESIDE HAVING A DOCTORATE IN LAWS
WHY DO YOU CONSIDER IS A HEROINA	WHY DO YOU CONSIDER IS A HEROINA
FOR MY IT IS A LOCAL HERIONA BECAUSE MANY PEOPLE WHO HAS KNOWN HER HAVE COINCIDED WITH THAT IS A PATIENT WOMAN FULL OF LOVE AND FAITH WHICH HELPS HER TO OFFER VERY MUCH THIS SUPPORT TO THE DEMAS UNCONDITIONALLY.	FOR MY IT IS A LOCAL HERIONA BECAUSE MANY PEOPLE WHO HAS KNOWN HER HAVE COINCIDED WITH THAT IS A PATIENT WOMAN FULL OF LOVE AND FAITH WHICH HELPS HER TO OFFER VERY MUCH THIS SUPPORT TO THE DEMAS UNCONDITIONALLY.
correct my writting LOCAL HERO	correct my posttitled "LOCAL HERO"
please  lang 8 can you correct my mistakes if i have in my writting LOCAL HERO please	Please, lang 8 members,can you correct my mistakes ifI have anyin mypost titled"LOCAL HERO"?
someone that really want correct my mistakes	someone that really wants , correct my mistakes
someone that really want correct my mistakes	To Someone that Really Wants to Correct my Mistakes!
hi Im rosy, today community of lang 8, I want to talk about mexican food,so, typical food of Mexico is really delicious because there are many meals that you want to prove for example: you can eat in mornings  or for  dinner "tamales" its a corn mass with many flavors like pineapple, strawberry or for example with chili inside it we put chicken or meat a little part of it, also you can drink a good "atole" because is really sweet and there are many flavors but I love chocolate´s atole.	Hi I'm Rosy. Today, community of lang 8, I want to talk about Mexican food. Typical Mexican food is really delicious because there are many meals that you want to eat, for example: You can eat in the mornings  or for  dinner "tamales." It's a corn meal with many flavors like pineapple or strawberry. Another example of "tamales" is with chili inside it. We put chicken or a little part of meat. Also you can drink a good "atole" because it is really sweet and there are many flavors but I love chocolate´s atole.
Another examplewhen you want to have luch you must go to a little mexican restaurant  in my country it names " fondita" you can eat many things  and many mexican meals one of them is chilaquiles it is made to a little parts of tortillas with chili you can acompany with cheese, onion, cream, chiken, eggs, or meat, also you can eat in a "fondita" "comida  corrida" you call fast food  but it isn´t the same because for fist meal is soap, second rice or spaguetti, third meat/chicken with salad finally you eat dessert like coffee with a piece of cake or a jelatin.	When you want to have lunch, you must go to a little Mexican restaurant in my country. Its name is " Fondita." You can eat many many Mexican meals. One of them is chilaquiles. It is made of tortillas with chili. You can accompany chilaquiles with cheese, onion, cream, chicken, eggs, or meat. Also you can eat in Fondita "comida corrida." You can call it fast food but it isn't the same because for first meal is slow, second is rice or spaghetti, third is meat or chicken with salad and finally you eat dessert like coffee with a piece of cake or a gelatin.
All mexican food its spicy but it´s the best reason and it´s unique characteristic that another meals doesn´t have then i think taht you eat this food you will fall in love it, and you never would change it.	All Mexican food is spicy but it's the best reason to try it! It has unique characteristics that other meals don't have. I think that if you eat this food, you will fall in love it and you will never go back to the way you were.
Fallas!!!!(popular party in Spain)	Fallas!!!!(popular party in Spain)
Once a a year , in the beautiful city of Valencia(Spain) mysterious events take place.	Once a a year, in the beautiful city of Valencia (Spain) mysterious events take place.
This happens cause long ago the men of Valencia carved wood and all the spare materials were acummulated  and burnt in a big pile once year.	This happens because long ago the men of Valencia carved wood and all the spare materials were accummulated and burnt in a big pile once year.
People thought that just as the useless pieces of wood were burnt so did the memories of bad things that had occured up until then.	People thought that just as the useless pieces of wood were burnt so did the memories of bad things that had occurred up until then.
Therefore the city was purified and a new ,fresh start was possible,until next year.	Therefore the city was purified and a new, fresh start was possible, until next year.
As time passed by artists started to carve the worthlles wood pieces making authentic pieces of art centered around a certain theme.	As time passed by, artists started to carve the worthless wood pieces making authentic pieces of art centered around a certain theme.
This was how the festivity called Fallas was born.	This was how the festivity called Fallas was born.
This years winner monument's theme is "the hunter hunted" .	This year's winning monument's theme is "the hunter hunted" .
Of course it was burnt the 19th of March.	Of course it was burnt on the 19th of March.
During nightime there are many parties music and fireworks!!!!It's a very busy week!!!.	During nightime there are many parties music and fireworks!!!! It's a very busy week!!!.
It gives good luck to dance around the burning monument holding hands.	It gives good luck to dance around the burning monument holding hands.
Normally the firemen join in!!!	Normally the firemen join in!!!
Let's do it !!! Let's dance!!!	Let's do it !!! Let's dance!!!
Today ,I'm absolutely exhausted!!	Today, I'm absolutely exhausted!!
I had three exams .	I had three exams .
My low spirits were evident as I walked back home.	I was in low spirits as I walked back home.
But then, I turned the music on!!!!	But then, I turned the music on!!!!
I stood before my sister's human size mirror and danced to my heart's content.	I stood before my sister's full-length mirror and danced to my heart's content.
I opened her wardrobe and pulled scarfs, hats....	I opened her wardrobe and pulled out scarfs, hats, 
anything that could add excitement to the game.	anything that could add excitement to the game.
Her room became a real mess but I was able to perform the cobra, the bellydancer, the scooby doo(locking style).	Her room became a real mess but I was able to perform the cobra, the bellydancer, the scooby doo (locking style).
Her room became a real mess but I was able to perform the cobra, the bellydancer, the scooby doo(locking style).	Her room became a real mess but I was able to perform the cobra, the belly dance, and the scooby doo (locking style).
Before I realised it my unsatisfied mood had drifted away!!!	Before I realised it, my unsatisfied mood had drifted away!!!
I'd really like to learn more!!!	I'd really like to learn more!!!
essay	essay
A chapter full of challenges that I had yet to experience, would later help me to become a mature person.	A chapter full of challenges that I had yet to experience, would later help me to become a mature person.
Home Sweet Home	Home Sweet Home
Well, let me tell you something about me.	Well, let me tell you something about me.
I'm student, yeah, but I'm studying far away from home.	I'm a student, yeah, but I'm studying far away from home.
In an island, in fact.	On an island, in fact.
Because it teaches Languages in a college from here and blablabla...	Because it teaches Languages in a college from here and blablabla...
And now I'm oficially in vacation, so I've decided come back to home for one month, with mom and "little" younger bro.	And now I'm officially on vacation, so I've decided come back home for one month, with my mom and younger bro.
I'll see my friends too.	I'll see my friends too.
Home is a little troublesome but I'm happy to be here.	Being at home is a little troublesome but I'm happy to be here.
I'll try to make a lot of things in the time I stay here :)	I'll try to do a lot of things while I stay here :)
My God, so much time!	My God, so much time!
Phew...	Phew...
I'm totally lazy.	I'm totally lazy.
I haven't logged in since three years ago!	I haven't logged in since three years ago!
Oh well, I guess I must remake my introduction.	Oh well, I guess I must remake my introduction.
My name's Ana -nice to meet you!- and I'm from Venezuela.	My name's Ana -nice to meet you!- and I'm from Venezuela.
My mother language is Spanish and I'm learning English ('normal' level) and now French (a very, very poor and basic level, sorry).	My mother language is Spanish and I'm learning English ('normal' level) and now French (a very, very poor and basic level, sorry).
Since I finished half-year of college I'm on vacations right now, so I'll try to take some time of it to study and practice both of them.	Since I finished half-year of college I'm on vacations right now, so I'll try to take some time of it to study and practice both of them.
I have one week to take a midly level of French before to do an entry in that 'langue'.	I have one week to take a midly level of French before to do an entry in that 'langue'.
This is a challenge accepted!	This is a challenge accepted!
I'm leaving now, write you later!	I'm leaving now, write you later!
Anything check to this entry is very welcome, you know =)	Anything check to this entry is very welcome, you know =)
P.	P.
D: By the way, I'm studying languages so yeah, I NEED to learn those.	D: By the way, I'm studying languages so yeah, I NEED to learn those.
Comeback	Comeback
It suposse that I should write a long entry about my vacations, the new semester on the college, languages, etc.	It suposse that I should write a long entry about my vacations, the new semester on the college, languages, etc.
but, as usual, I was too lazy to do that and I ended up procrastinating my homework and other things too so I'll write it very shortly this time.	but, as usual, I was too lazy to do that and I ended up procrastinating my homework and other things too so I'll write it very shortly this time.
College is great.	College is great.
I like all the signatures for this semester and I hope I can improving my French this time.	I like all the signatures for this semester and I hope I can improving my French this time.
It makes me worried.	It makes me worried.
Vacations were fine, but not a big deal.	Vacations were fine, but not a big deal.
I'd like to spend so much time with friends for Christmas at least.	I'd like to spend so much time with friends for Christmas at least.
And languages...	And languages...
I'm very serious with English.	I'm very serious with English.
I need to practice participle and perfect structures.	I need to practice participle and perfect structures.
Some irregular verbs too, by the way.	Some irregular verbs too, by the way.
French is going to kill me with its numbers and its verbal structures.	French is going to kill me with its numbers and its verbal structures.
Well, tomorrow will be another day.	Well, tomorrow will be another day.
We'll see you soon, I hope.	We'll see you soon, I hope.
violence on the border	violence on the border
This information provides a frame about the situation that is happening on that side of the border, and that directly affects Columbus District, N.	This information provides a frame about the situation that is happening on that side of the border, and that directly affects Columbus District, N.
M.	M.
Columbus is located at Luna County, New Mexico.	Columbus is located at Luna County, New Mexico.
Luna County shares a 53-mile border with Mexico rendering it vulnerable to border crime.	Luna County shares a 53-mile border with Mexico rendering it vulnerable to border crime.
Smuggling, drugs, generational poverty, legal and illegal immigration: the attendant problems of border proximity have a significant negative impact on our area (Slocum, 2011).	Smuggling, drugs, generational poverty, legal and illegal immigration: the attendant problems of border proximity have a significant negative impact on our area (Slocum, 2011).
Based on US Department of Health & Human Services’ statistics, over 34% of the population lives below the poverty level.	Based on US Department of Health & Human Services’ statistics, over 34% of the population lives below the poverty level.
Luna County’s child poverty rate is 43.4% - substantially above the national rate of 20.7% (US Census).	Luna County’s child poverty rate is 43.4% - substantially above the national rate of 20.7% (US Census).
Columbus schools are part of the Deming School Public District.	Columbus schools are part of the Deming School Public District.
Current DPS enrolment is 5,384 students – of which nearly 1,700 require bilingual instruction.	Current DPS enrolment is 5,384 students – of which nearly 1,700 require bilingual instruction.
These figures include over 184 Migrant children and 315 children (134 families) that qualify as Homeless (NCES).	These figures include over 184 Migrant children and 315 children (134 families) that qualify as Homeless (NCES).
Isolation, generational poverty, high unemployment, illiteracy, population mobility, border proximity – all of these factors affect the entire county negatively and severely stress limited resources (Slocum, 2011).	Isolation, generational poverty, high unemployment, illiteracy, population mobility, border proximity – all of these factors affect the entire county negatively and severely stress limited resources (Slocum, 2011).
Everyday approximately 400 students from Mexico cross the border to go to Columbus School (Interview with Columbus District Directors, August, 26, 2011).	Everyday approximately 400 students from Mexico cross the border to go to Columbus School (Interview with Columbus District Directors, August, 26, 2011).
Spanish is the dominant language for those students.	Spanish is the dominant language for those students.
Due to the continuum exposing to the effects of the war, many of those students could be suffering from PTSD, explained Columbus District Directors on interview (Personal communication, August 26, 2011), as well as the students and school department who actually live in Columbus.	Due to the continuum exposing to the effects of the war, many of those students could be suffering from PTSD, explained Columbus District Directors on interview (Personal communication, August 26, 2011), as well as the students and school department who actually live in Columbus.
The consequences of living violence experiences on children include aggressive behaviour, isolation, poor control impulse, school refusal, poor school performance, guilt, depression, anxiety, approval of violence as a mean of conflict resolution, psychosomatic complains, sleeping difficulties, hypervigilance, hopelessness, as well as many other possible problems (Martin, 2002).	The consequences of living violence experiences on children include aggressive behaviour, isolation, poor control impulse, school refusal, poor school performance, guilt, depression, anxiety, approval of violence as a mean of conflict resolution, psychosomatic complains, sleeping difficulties, hypervigilance, hopelessness, as well as many other possible problems (Martin, 2002).
Young children often present with the following: generalized nightmares of monsters or of being threatened, tendency to represent the trauma in repetitive play, stomach ache and headaches (Preston, 2008).	Young children often present with the following: generalized nightmares of monsters or of being threatened, tendency to represent the trauma in repetitive play, stomach ache and headaches (Preston, 2008).
Elbert (2009) address the impact that traumatized children reported lasting interference of war experiences with their daily life, which was corroborated by memory testing, scores in school performance and ratings of social withdrawal; those children also reported depressive symptoms and poor physical health, he states that the relation between performance and functioning in children is related to the total load of traumatic experienced.	Elbert (2009) address the impact that traumatized children reported lasting interference of war experiences with their daily life, which was corroborated by memory testing, scores in school performance and ratings of social withdrawal; those children also reported depressive symptoms and poor physical health, he states that the relation between performance and functioning in children is related to the total load of traumatic experienced.
Additionally, children exposed to direct and/or indirect violence at home and/or in the community often experience mental health problems that include posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and social, emotional, and academic problems (Henriksen, 2006).	Additionally, children exposed to direct and/or indirect violence at home and/or in the community often experience mental health problems that include posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and social, emotional, and academic problems (Henriksen, 2006).
In Columbus area, many students suffer from depression due to family issues, poverty and lack of secure relationships (Scolum, 2011).	In Columbus area, many students suffer from depression due to family issues, poverty and lack of secure relationships (Scolum, 2011).
Patients suffering from PTSD acute stress disorder often do present with a host of anxiety symptoms, depression symptoms, transient psychosis, and dissociation (Preston, 2008).	Patients suffering from PTSD acute stress disorder often do present with a host of anxiety symptoms, depression symptoms, transient psychosis, and dissociation (Preston, 2008).
Children who tend to internalize negative feelings can be expected to become withdrawn, depressed, and anxious, boys and girls generally respond differently to violence exposure; improved awareness and intervention could significantly reduce the incidence and long-term effects (Martin, 2002).	Children who tend to internalize negative feelings can be expected to become withdrawn, depressed, and anxious, boys and girls generally respond differently to violence exposure; improved awareness and intervention could significantly reduce the incidence and long-term effects (Martin, 2002).
Why english	Why english
As a computer engineer English language it's something that you always have to carry in your luggage.	As a computer engineer English language it's something that you always have to carry in your luggage.
Technical books are written in english first and this job is always pushing harder against the clock.	Technical books are written in english first and this job is always pushing harder against the clock.
You have to be up to date so if you wait for translation of a book then it could be too late.	You have to be up to date so if you wait for translation of a book then it could be too late.
Raining	Raining
Today is the second time of rain in my city.	Today is the second time it has rained in my city.
I like the rain, but when I could get wet I don't!	I like the rain, but when I could get wet I don't go out!
It is because I always have my laptop in my bagpack and I don't have anything for save it!	It is because I always have my laptop in my backpack and I don't have anything to protect it!
I'm waiting for the rain season.	I'm waiting for the rainy season.
I got a rain boots and I want to use it!	I got rain boots and I want to use them!
I hope that tomorrow will be a good day, because I don't want to get sick.	I hope that tomorrow will be a nice day, because I don't want to get sick.
See u :)!	See u :)!
Lag	Lag
My aunt is so slow to drive...	My aunt drives so slowly...
I can't understand people who drives at 70km/h (sorry for not to convert D:).	I can't understand people who drive at 70km/h (sorry for not making the conversion D:).
But, something funny happened today!	But, something funny happened this time! 
Other aunt is recently operated, and I was in the car with both, so, we have to go slow because she can be hurting with much movement.	My other aunt had an operation recently, and she was in the car with us, so we had to drive slowly because she can be hurt with the movement.
I really don't know what was on my aunt's mind but, when we passed for some small caps (like ten together with 1meter of distance each other), my aunt accelerate xD.	I really don't know what was on my aunt's mind but, when we passed over some small caps (like ten together with 1 meter of distance between each other), my aunt accelerated xD.
It was funny, how she wanted to pass it fast, but, the think that is not funny, to travel at 70km/h the rest of the way!	It was funny, how she wanted to pass them quickly, but, the thing that is not funny is traveling at 70km/h the rest of the road!
Hi	Hi
Hi!	Hi!
Nice to meet you all!	Nice to meet you all!
I'm Ayu.	I'm Ayu.
I'm new here and I'm learning English and Japanese.	I'm new here and I'm learning English and Japanese.
It'll be difficult to me because i lack of imagination and I can't write something.	It'll be difficult for me because I lack imagination and I can't write anything.
It'll be difficult to me because i lack of imagination and I can't write something.	It'll be difficult for me because I lack imagination and I can't write anything.
So, maybe this can help me for to know languages and to write something.	So, maybe this can help me learn languages and to write something.
So, maybe this can help me for to know languages and to write something.	So, maybe this can help me understand languages and to write something.
Stone Storm	Stone Storm
My aunt (we should call her k) took me today to visit other aunt (J).	My aunt (let's call her k) took me today to visit my other aunt (J).
J is recently operated, so there was the reason why we were there.	J recently went through an operation , which was the reason why we were there.
The visit became more and more long...	The visit became longer and longer...
So, when i thought that we'll leave a very big storm started...	So, when i thought that we'd leave a very big storm started...
I hated my life on that moment, but more, I hated K...	I hated my life at that moment, but more, I hated K...
After few minutes, big balls of hail started to fall (it seemed like stones), and k were so worried about her car...	After few minutes, big balls of hail started to fall (it seemed like stones), and k was so worried about her car...
On that moment i thought that the karma made its work.	At that moment i thought that the karma was at work.
lol.	lol.
The end :)	The end :)
My first entry	My first entry
Could you tell me how is my english?	Could you tell me how my english is?
I have signed up on this site because I want to learn to speak and write english as well as possible.	I have signed up on this site because I want to learn to speak and write english as well as possible.
I read about this web site and I become interested, this is my first entry, I hope someone review it, Thanks	I read about this web site and I become interested, this is my first entry, I hope someone will review it, Thanks
Jamais vu and language learning - Might repeating the same word once and again actually help you UNlearn it?	Jamais vu and language learning - Is it possible that repeating the same word once and again can actually help you UNlearn it?
Reading some info in Wikipedia about some psychological disorders - Capgras delusion, Cotard delusion, etc - I found something pretty interesting that relates to something that is common practice for traditional language learning, but that according to a study would be actually counterproductive...	While I was reading some info in Wikipedia about psychological disorders - Capgras delusion, Cotard delusion, etc - I found something pretty interesting that relates to something that is common practice for traditional language learning, but that according to a study would be actually counterproductive...
Jamais vu is the opposite of deja vu.	Jamais vu is the opposite of deja vu.
In jamais vu, you face something you feel you have never experienced before, even if you acually know you've had the same experience before.	In jamais vu, you face something you feel you have never experienced before, even if you acually know you've had the same experience before.
According to a study by Dr.	According to a study by Dr.
Chris Moulin of the University of Leeds, you can induce jamais vu through semantic satiation, which means bassically fatiguing someone's brain by overexposing him to a word.	Chris Moulin of the University of Leeds, you can induce jamais vu through semantic satiation, which means basically fatiguing a patient's brain by overexposing him to a word.
[quote]He asked 92 subjects to write common words such as "door" 30 times in 60 seconds.	[quote]He asked 92 subjects to write common words such as "door" 30 times in 60 seconds.
When they were later asked to describe their experiences, 68% showed signs of jamais vu.	When they were later asked to describe their experiences, 68% showed signs of jamais vu.
For example, after writing "door" over and over again some participants reported that "it looked like I was spelling something else", it "sounded like a made-up word" and "I began to doubt that I was writing the correct word for the meaning".	For example, after writing "door" over and over again some participants reported that "it looked like I was spelling something else", it "sounded like a made-up word" and "I began to doubt that I was writing the correct word for the meaning".
Some thought they had been tricked into thinking it was the right word for a door.	Some thought they had been tricked into thinking it was the right word for a door.
"If you look at something for long enough the mind gets tired and it loses it's meaning," Moulin says.	"If you look at something for long enough the mind gets tired and it loses it's meaning," Moulin says.
A linguistic explanation of this phenomenom according to Wikipedia indicates that this might be due to the nature of words, which have 3 characteristics: form -the characters used when writing it or the sounds that form the word when speaking-, function -how the word operates within meaningful sentences- and meaning.	According to Wikipedia,&nbsp;a linguistic explanation of this phenomenon &nbsp;is that this might be due to the nature of words, which have 3 characteristics: form, which is the characters used when writing it or the sounds that form the word when speaking; function, the word operates within meaningful sentences; and meaning.
When you are overexposed to a word -like in the experiment- you are actually overexposed only to its form, not to its function or meaning, so your mind focus on the form of the word, and its function and meaning are left out, and you start not recognizing the word as something else than a random chain of characters or sounds.	When you are overexposed to a word you are actually overexposed only to its form, not to its function or meaning, so your mind focus on the form of the word, and its function and meaning are left out. Eventually you no longer recognize the word as anything other than a random chain of characters or sounds.I broke up the last sentence and made it it's own. In English, sentences are rarely very long.&nbsp;
Which made me remaind of the old times, when I used to "study"  kanji by writing words once and again.	Which made me remaind of the old times, when I used to "study"  kanji by writing words once and again.
Unfortunately, that kind of "study" is what lots of people think as "the way" for learning kanji and vocabulary.	Unfortunately, that kind of "study" is what lots of people think as "the way" for learning kanji and vocabulary.
After reading the aforementioned info, I wonder whether there could be some implicances for language learning on the short and long term.	After reading the aforementioned info, I wonder whether there could be some implications for language learning over the short and long term.
For example, this kind of reaction of the brain to word "overdose" would partly explain -at a neurological level- why writing things once and again leads to burn out.	For example, this kind of reaction of the brain to word "overdose" would partly explain (at a neurological level) why writing things once and again leads to burn out.
If you want to learn something by writing it dozens -or hundreds- of times in a row, you might actually be working against your own brain.	If you want to learn something by writing it dozens (or hundreds) of times in a row, you might actually be working against your own brain.
Specially in languages like Japanese, could it be that semantic satiation due to suboptimal language methods leads to "unlearning" the kanji and words and creates a handicap for long term learning?	Especially in languages like Japanese, could it be that semantic satiation due to suboptimal language methods leads to "unlearning" the kanji and words and creates a handicap for long term learning?
I know that most -or all- of us have "crammed" this way more than once, and it has worked -at least up to certain level-, but do you think that this "semantic satiation" could be something that you should care about, or isn't it as negative or important as to worry about it?	I know that most (or all) of us have "crammed" this way more than once, and it has worked (at least up to certain level), but do you think that this "semantic satiation" could be something that you should care about, or isn't it as negative or important as to worry about it?
Have you experienced jamais vu about something related to the Japanese language	Have you experienced jamais vu about something related to the Japanese language?
Now that I think about it, probably jamais vu would be the explanation for that strange sensation that pursues you when you just finish a test or exam, and suddenly most answers you couldn't think of before become apparent - those "Oh f*ck how could I miss THAT one" moments...	Now that I think about it, probably jamais vu would be the explanation for that strange sensation that pursues you when you just finish a test or exam, and suddenly most answers you couldn't think of before become apparent - those "Oh f*ck how could I miss THAT one" moments...
Sources:	Sources:
Is it really you or jamais vu?	Is it really you or jamais vu?
My first Lang-8 post	My first Lang-8 post
Hi, my name is Sebastián.	Hi, my name is Sebastián.
This is the first time I write here at Lang-8, and to be honest it’s hard for me to decide  what to talk about, but if you don’t make up your mind and practice you’ll never improve, so here I go…	This is the first time I have written here at Lang-8, and to be honest it’s hard for me to decide  what to talk about, but if you don’t make up your mind and practice you’ll never improve, so here I go…
I’m studying English and Japanese.	I’m studying English and Japanese.
I use the computer and internet a lot for studying, which has given me access to several and great tools that every language learner should have access to, like blogs, forums, podcasts, sowftware and others..	I use the computer and internet a lot for studying, which has given me access to several great tools that every language learner should have access to, like blogs, forums, podcasts, sowftware and others..
As for English, its pronunciation is hard, but reading isn’t that much hard.	As for English, its pronunciation is hard, but reading isn’t so hard.
Besides, on internet there are amazing amounts of information in English about any subject.	Besides, on internet there are amazing amounts of information in English about any subject.
For example, I like stuff related to the use of computers and internet for both leisure and learning, and read sites like Lifehacker and Wikipedia  and several others everyday.	For example, I like stuff related to the use of computers and internet for both leisure and learning, and read sites like Lifehacker,Wikipedia and several others everyday.
Actually, I’ve learned a lot of English by reading and writing at sites about learning Japanese.	Actually, I’ve learned a lot of English by reading and writing at sites about learning Japanese.
On the other side, reading Japanese is something that takes lots of time and effort.	On the other hand, reading Japanese is something that takes lots of time and effort.
Even something as “simple” as reading the newspaper isn’t that “simple” at all.	Even something as “simple” as reading the newspaper isn’t that “simple” at all.
Fortunately, I study kanji using a book called “Remembering the Kanji” by James Heisig, and also spaced repetition softwares for kanji and Japanese in general, which has helped me a lot not just to actually learn, but also to feel much more motivated to keep on learning.	Fortunately, I study kanji using a book called “Remembering the Kanji” by James Heisig, and also spaced repetition softwares for kanji and Japanese in general, which has helped me a lot not just to actually learn, but also to feel much more motivated to keep on learning.
As I said above, the use of the computer and internet has helped me a lot.	As I said above, the use of the computer and internet has helped me a lot.
I think this is the best moment to learn languages, as practically anything you need can be found on internet, and even for free.	I think this is the best moment to learn languages, as practically anything you need can be found on internet, and even for free.
For example, Lang-8 is a great tool for every language learner, so I hope it keeps on having great success.	For example, Lang-8 is a great tool for every language learner, so I hope it keeps on having great success.
¿What do you think?	What do you think?
Introducing my self	Introducing my self
Hi, i am Manolo, i am 42 and I live in Spain.	Hi, i am Manolo, i am 42 and I live in Spain.
This is my first Time here and I would like to know somebody who corrects mi mistakes when i write in english.	This is my first Time here and I would like to know somebody who corrects mi mistakes when i write in english.
so i will try write down some thing some times a week.	so i will try write down some thing some times a week.
I studied english for 7 years in an academy 20 years ago, but i have started right now to practisse it again, so i need some help to make it better.	I studied english for 7 years in an academy 20 years ago, but i have started right now to practisse it again, so i need some help to make it better.
So thanks for all.	So thanks for all.
I have time for reading	I have time for reading
I need a book for my time because now I can read.	I need a book for my time because now I can read.
I have less work so I can read .	I have less work so I can read .
I like reading in my room in my bed.	I like reading in my room in my bed.
whichever book lend I read it.	whichever book lend I read it.
my favorite kind of book is nothing because I like everything.	my favorite kind of book is nothing because I like everything.
I think it is very short sorry	I think it is very short sorry
i need help with my written	i need help with my written
hi, I am morik, and i really need some help, 'cause i think that i need more practice, pronuntiation.	hi, I am morik, and i really need some help, 'cause i think that i need more practice, pronuntiation.
can u help me please??	can u help me please??
welcome to my paradise	welcome to my paradise
first of all, my name es tulio, and i want to learn english, becuase nowadays that companies requier your personal speakying in english.	first of all, my name is tulio, and i want to learn English, because nowadays companies require that you speak English
ten last week, i see a new advenstiesment, " they need a new reporter, but he or she must to speak in english.	Last week, i saw a new advertisement, " they need a new reporter, but he or she must be able to speak in english.
please, cloud you help me?	please, could you help me?
Letter of introduction	Letter of introduction
Dear Srs:	Dear Sirs:
As you'll see in my CV, I’m biologist, I had my degree in the Complutense University of Madrid, in the Zoology speciality.	As stated in my CV, I’m a biologist with a zoology major from the Complutense University of Madrid.
During my studies, I had especial interest in the study of Biodiversity, Environmental Management and Fauna Conservation, that’s the reason why I went to a lot of Conferences and Courses in this field.	During my studies, I took a special interest in the study of Biodiversity, Environmental Management and Fauna Conservation, and attended many conferences and courses related to these fields.
After my University studies, I sat an examination for the Environmental European Agency, with no very good results.	Following my graduation, I sat an examination with the Environmental European Agency, albeit with mediocre results.
The next year I took a Master in Environmental Management and another in Safety at Work.	The next year I entered a Master’s program in Environmental Management and another in Safety at Work.
Few months later, I got a work in a waste management company, where I could improve my organizative habilities, and in other fields as work as a team and the use of Ofimatic software.	A few months later, I was employed in a waste management company, where I was able to improve my organizational skills, interpersonal skills and knowledge of the Ofimatic software.
The last years, I’ve been studying to work to the National Parks Autonomous Organism of the Environmental Ministry of Spain, as a Junior and Senior Technician.	In the last few years, I’ve been studying to work in the National Parks Autonomous Organism of the Environmental Ministry of Spain, as a Junior and Senior Technician.
I didn’t pass the last exam in the Environmental Conservation’s speciality for two years, and the last two years they’ve don’t offer any employment.	However, I have not passed the final exam for the environmental conservation speciality in the last two years, nor have there been openings to work with them up to now.
During these years I could complete and improve my knowledge about Spanish and European Legislation, the different International Conferences related on Biodiversity, and the environmental management tools used to protect open spaces and endangered species such as Restoration and Conservation Plans and Country Planning	During these past few years I have been able to greatly expand my knowledge of Spanish and European legislation, the different International Conferences related to Biodiversity, and the environmental management tools used to protect open spaces and endangered species such as restoration and conservation plans and country planning.
I hope you could find my academic education and speciality of your interes.	I hope you will find my academic background and specialization to be of interest.
I hope too, that you could forgive my English level, and give me a chance to demonstrate that I can do it very good.	I hope furthermore that you will be able to forgive my level of English, and give me a chance to demonstrate that I can excel in this position.
To work for an influential Organization in the Environmental field as IUCN is one of my proffesionals objetives.	To work for an organization as influential in the environmental field as IUCN is one of my professional objectives.
If you have any doubt, I would hold a meeting with you where I could give you all the explanations of my resume and were for your interest.	If you have any doubt, I would gladly meet with you to answer any questions concerning my resume and or discuss other possible concerns.
Yours sincerely, 	Yours sincerely, 
Pround to be Spanish	Proud to be Spanish
Last week was great, it was the week when a little revolution exploit in Spain.	Last week was great, it was the week when a little revolution broke out in Spain.
Maybe it was the best new that I've heard in the last two years.	Maybe it was the best news that I've heard in the last two years.
It was the week when people took streets and said the political class that they didn't want to follow them and wanted to do things in a different way.	It was the week when people took to the streets and let the political class know that they didn't want to follow them and wanted to do things in a different way.
In the last 10 years all the political parties who had had gobernment resposabilities in the different administrations , have accumulated  enormuos rates of power.	In the last 10 years all the political parties who had had government responsibilities in the different administrations, have accumulated enormous amounts of power.
They have used Constitution and laws in their own benefit.	They have used the Constitution and laws in their own benefit.
In this political sitiuation close to the horrible economic and social scene, people have said stop.	In this political situation with the current horrible economic and social scene, people have said stop.
Unfortunately most of the media, supported by the political machinary, have uninformtated about the little revolution.	Unfortunately most of the media, supported by the political machinery, have been uninformative about the little revolution.
Only we could find the truth into the internet, mainly in social networks.	We can only find the truth about it on the internet, mainly on social networks.
It seems that this social movement have been imitated all over the world, and that is wath make my feel good and proud to be Spanish.	It seems that this social movement has been imitated all over the world, and that is what makes me feel good and proud to be Spanish.
Stephen King	Stephen King
The last week, I started reading a Stephen King's novel, The Green Mile.	Last week, I started reading a Stephen King novel, The Green Mile.
It isn't the first novel that I've read of this autor, the last one was about 5 years ago.	It isn't the first novel that I've read by this author, the last one was about 5 years ago.
My girlfriend say that he isn't a god writer, but I'm completely desagree with her.	My girlfriend says that he isn't a good writer, but I completely disagree with her.
If you read any of his books you feel all the scale of emotions that the caracters feel.	If you read any of his books you will feel the whole scale of emotions that the characters feel.
You can't stop reading, and you finish the books in a few days, even when they are very large.	You can't stop reading, and you finish the books in a few days, even when they are very large.
Other aspect that I want to say is the enermous capacity of telling all type of stories, from terror to ordinary tales.	Another aspect that I want to mention is his enormous capacity for telling all types of stories, from terror to ordinary tales.
If you look for in his bibliography, you can find stories that film director have put into scene: from the beatiful story about the friendship of a group of children in The Body, terror tales as The Shinning, Chrytine, or Carrie, and penitenciary scripts as The Green Mile or Rita Hayworth and Shawsank redemption.	If you look in his bibliography, you can find stories that film directors have put into scene: from the beautiful story about the friendship of a group of children in The Body, terror tales such as The Shinning, Chrytine, or Carrie, and penitentiary scripts as The Green Mile or Rita Hayworth and Shawsank redemption.
The last one with an amazing interpretation of the main actors.	The last one boasts an amazing interpretation of the main characters.
I think Stephen King have an impresive talent, and amazing imagination and I hope that he'll live for a lot of years to finnish The Tower book serie, he'll need it.	I think Stephen King has an impressive talent, and amazing imagination and I hope that he'll live long enough to finish The Tower book series; he'll need a lot of time to complete it.
No idea	No idea
Tonight I don't know what can I write.	Tonight I don't know what I can write.
This morning, I wake up early and I wait for my nephews.	This morning, I woke up early and waited for my nephews.
I had to take them to the school because they are only children and they need someone who bring them.	I had to take them to the school because they are only children and they need someone to bring them there.
I had to take them to the school because they are only children and they need someone who bring them.	I had to take them to school because they are only children and they need someone to bring them.
One hour after I was going to the sport store, where I've bought a pair of mountain boot and I've looked different models of crampoons.	One hour later I went to the sports store, where I bought a pair of mountain boots and looked at different models of crampoons.
I want to practice ice climbing the next winter, and now is the best moment to get a bargain.	I want to practice ice climbing next winter, and now is the best moment to get a bargain.
I want to practice ice climbing the next winter, and now is the best moment to get a bargain.	I want to practice ice climbing next winter, and now is the best time to get a bargain.
For this moment until now the day have gone exactly the same as yesterday was.	Up until now the day has gone exactly the same as yesterday.
But now I'm remembering that yesterday I went on the cinema, to see the Sci-Fi film Thor, and I enjoyed a lot, because Thor is one of my childhood favorite comic heros.	But now I remember that yesterday I went to the cinema, to see the Sci-Fi film Thor. I enjoyed it a lot, because Thor is one of my favorite childhood comic heroes.
That's because my brother, when we were children, told me that there aren't blonde comic heros.	That's because, when we were children, my brother told me that there aren't blond comic heroes.
Obviously he is brunette and I'm blonde, or I was because my hair is going darker, and he enjoyed making me feel bad.	Obviously he said this because he is brunette and I'm blond (or I was, because now my hair is going darker), and he enjoyed making me feel bad.
Tomorrow more.	More tomorrow.
Bye	Bye
A little text	A little text
Good afternoon, In this text, I want to talk about the carreer of a medium student in Spain.	Good afternoon. In this text, I want to talk about the situation of the average student in Spain.
When you finish the School, you have a lot of options.	When you graduate from high school, you have a lot of options.
You can go to the Proffesional Education, look for a job or go to the University.	You can pursue Professional Education, look for a job or go to university.
In most of the cases, in the last twenty years, people choosen the University with the hope, that it'll give them a better future than their parent had.	In most cases, in the last twenty years, people have chosen university with the hope that it'll give them a better future than their parents had.
But it was false, because the job market, haven't enough vacancies for most of them.	But it was a false hope, because the job market doesn’t have enough vacancies for most of them.
Nowaday, the fact is that we have a lot of people, how have their degree and can't find a good job.	Nowadays, the fact is that we have a lot of people who have a degree and can't find a good job.
Some of them, trying to continue with their studies, attend courses or masters of specialization, but only a little have success.	Some of them, trying to continue with their studies, attend masters programs or try to specialize, but only a few have success.
We have today almost the 21% of the people who can work, unemployed, and almost a million families, have all their members without a job.	We have today an unemployment rate of almost 21%, and almost a million families with no source of income.
As you can think, it's a dramatic situatioin, and our goverment can't find the way to the solution.	As you can imagine, it's a dramatic situation, and our government can't find the solution.
Thanks	Thanks
Tips for writting a report	Tips for writting a report
one of my co-workers left and I am taking her position in the company, it is a simple job, at least in my native language spanish, but I will have to do most of it in english and, I am not too confident about it.	I am taking the position of a coworker who left the company. The job is simple when done in Spanish, but I will have to do most it in English. I am not too confident about this. 
I learned some english a while ago and studied it at the university but I haven't had much practice and I feel that all my other co-workers have more skills than me.	I studied English at university. I learned a little bit, but I haven't had much practice, so worry that my coworkers' English skills are better than mine.
I need to level that.	I need to reach their level.
so basically, I desperately need to learn the best way to write commercial reports in english.	Basically, I desperately need to learn how to write commercial reports in English.
it is a more formal register and I am not really used to it,  ¿do you guys have any recommendations or tips that you want to share?	These reports require a more formal tone and I am not really used to that. Do you all have any recommendations or tips to share?
I would really appreciate it.	I would really appreciate it.
Being a normal Chilean.	Being a normal Chilean.
Every time I met a foreigner interested on learning spanish and also interested on lerning the language on a spanish speaking vountry their natural choice was Spain.	Every time I meet a foreigner interested in learning Spanish and also interested in learning the language in a spanish speaking country, their natural choice was Spain.
and I started wondering why.	And I started wondering why.
It might be that spain is closer to them because in Europe all countries are kind of together, or the currency.	It might be that Spain is closer to them because in Europe all of the countries are kind of together, or because of the currency.
but then again, south america is far, I know, but by plane is what 13,15 hours away from europe?	But then again, South America is far, I know, but by plane is what 13,15 hours away from Europe?
then it is not that far anyway.	then it is not that far anyway.
Plain ticket, much more expensive...	Plane ticket, much more expensive...
but wait, living here is much cheaper, hotels, food, clothes, everything is way cheaper.	but wait, living here is much cheaper, hotels, food, clothes, everything is way cheaper.
then what.	Then what?
maybe because it is a dangerous place.	maybe because it is a dangerous place.
in fact not all south america is ruled by narcos and guerrillas.	in fact not all south america is ruled by narcos and guerrillas.
there are so many places here that are safer than some countries.	there are so many places here that are safer than some countries.
South america is beautiful, I didn't understand that really but until a few days ago.	South america is beautiful, I didn't understand that really but until a few days ago.
chile , my country, doesn't really have a culture of its own.	chile , my country, doesn't really have a culture of its own.
many things we appreciate being ours are actually the heritage of Spanish, German, or holland emigrants.	many things we appreciate being ours are actually the heritage of Spanish, German, or Dutch immigrants.
but this mix of cultures together with the effect of time over our population make us a country rich on art and architecture.	but this mix of cultures together with the effect of time over our population make us a country rich in art and architecture.
I've always felt like a foreinger among my people, and I guess that is why I like to observe them so much, so many simple things make us what we are, chilean and south americans.	I've always felt like a foreinger among my people, and I guess that is why I like to observe them so much, so many simple things make us what we are, chilean and south americans.
Please if you are planning to visit a spanish speaking country, dont loose the chance of droping here or inany other neighbor country.	Please if you are planning to visit a spanish speaking country, dont loose the chance of dropping in here or in any other neighboring country.
earthquake in chile	earthquake in chile
Last saturday I lived one of the worst days of my life.	Last saturday I lived one of the worst days of my life.
the earthquake that stroke Chile devastating most of south chile and part of Santiago, city where I lived, was without a doubt the most frightening two minutes a person can imagine.	the earthquake that stroke Chile devastating most of south chile and part of Santiago, city where I lived, was without a doubt the most frightening two minutes a person can imagine.
My country, this long and thin territory once again was damage in a way just holliwood might imagine.	My country, this long and thin territory once again was damage in a way just holliwood might imagine.
From the nineth floor I could think of nothing but to survive, sounds dissapear, images became blurry, fear took over and when the lights went off only the feeling of protecting my friends kept me sane.	From the nineth floor I could think of nothing but to survive, sounds dissapear, images became blurry, fear took over and when the lights went off only the feeling of protecting my friends kept me sane.
The images after the terrible movement were just too hard to bear.	The images after the terrible movement were just too hard to bear.
people on the streets, flashes of light, children crying.	people on the streets, flashes of light, children crying.
It is not the first earthquake of this intensity, in fact on 1960 there was another even worst, but everytime one experiences something like this for sure our way to face life changes.	It is not the first earthquake of this intensity, in fact on 1960 there was another even worst, but everytime one experiences something like this for sure our way to face life changes.
I hope Chile gets on its feet again.	I hope Chile gets on its feet again.
please send your prayers and help to this people who have nothing but hope.	please send your prayers and help to this people who have nothing but hope.
[ENG] Vigo with GPS	[ENG] Vigo with GPS
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
Yesterday I had to go to Vigo because i wanted buy the B´s Log magazine.	Yesterday I had to go to Vigo because I wanted buy the B´s Log magazine.
It is a magazine about Japan, manga, anime...	It is a magazine about Japan, manga, anime...
like a japanese magazine [ex.	like a japanese magazine [eg.
Cheese magazine] ^.	Cheese magazine] ^.
^ It is wonderful =9	^ It is wonderful =9
I also bought "Ámame", new manga of Mayu Shinjo [I love this author]	I also bought "Ámame", Mayu Shinjo's new manga (I love this author).
I also bought "Ámame", new manga of Mayu Shinjo [I love this author]	I also bought "Ámame", a new manga by Mayu Shinjo (I love this author)
Well...	Well...
I went to Vigo with my boyfriend [Jacobo] and a friend [Favo] ^.	I went to Vigo with my boyfriend [Jacobo] and a friend [Favo] ^.
^ We didn´t know Vigo, this city is horrible!	^ We hadn't been to Vigo before.  This city is horrible!
there are a lot of slopes!	There are a lot of hills!
we didnt find ´the Shop [Norma comics] and at the end...	We couldn't find the shop (Norma Comics) and in the end...
we got lost!	we got lost!
U.	U.
u	u
I thought calling to my Vigo´s friend but Favo decided to use his movile´s GPS [My boyfriend and I were laughing because it was ridiculous XD]	I thought about calling one of my friends from Vigo, but Favo decided to use his mobile´s GPS (My boyfriend and I were laughing because it was ridiculous XD)
At the end ´we got following the GPS´s instructions and we found the shop XD It was very fun!	At the end we got there following the GPS's instructions, and we found the shop.  XD  It was very fun!
At the end ´we got following the GPS´s instructions and we found the shop XD It was very fun!	We ended up following the GPS´s instructions and we found the shop XD It was very fun!
Thanks for reading and correcting me!	Thanks for reading and correcting me!
^_^	^_^
pD: I added a photo of my magazine and manga =)	PS: I added a photo of my magazine and manga =)
My private room	My private room
Part 1	Part 1
This is a text about my relation with my flatmate.	This is a text about my relation with my flatmate.
It´s been a year since I moved to this room.	It´s been a year since I moved to this room.
At first we were pretty good friends, but a little after I realized how nasty she was.	At first we were pretty good friends, but not long after I realized how nasty she was.
She has studied pshycology so its supossed that her inteligence level is pretty high.	She has studied pshycology so its supossed that her inteligence level is pretty high.
Perhaps she could have an alergy to the soap , I don´t know but she is enable to be tidy, to clean herself other to have a normal behaviour at house.	Perhaps she has an alergy to soap , I don´t know but she is unable to be tidy, to clean herself other to have a normal behaviour at house.
She doesn´t cook, she always wait for other flatmates cooking moments to start thinking what she may have for lunch,usually she eats meals cooked by another one, cause painly we offer our meals to her.	She doesn´t cook, she always waits for other flatmates cooking moments to start thinking what she may have for lunch,usually she eats meals cooked by others, cause painly we offer our meals to her.
I mean, she always want someone to do something.	I mean, she always wants someone to do something.
She isn´t able enough to manage herself to do nothing.	She isn´t able to manage anything for herself.
After eating her main worry is to lay on the sofa , careless if the dishes are clean or not.	After eating her main worry is to lay on the sofa , and doesn't care if the dishes are clean or not.
Hola	Hola
Hola a todos, soy Mauro de Buenos Aires, Argentina y quiero aprender ingles espero que me puedan ayudar, yo puedo ayudar con el español, bueno si desean ayudarme por favor enviarme un mensaje.	Hola a todos, soy Mauro de Buenos Aires, Argentina y quiero aprender ingles espero que me puedan ayudar, yo puedo ayudar con el español, bueno si desean ayudarme por favor enviarme un mensaje.
Saludos	Saludos
Hello everybody, I'm Mauro from Buenos Aires, Argentina and I want to learn English I hope you can help me, I can help woth the Spanish, well if you wants help me please send me a message.	Hello everybody, I'm Mauro from Buenos Aires, Argentina and I want to learn English I hope you can help me, I can help woth the Spanish, well if you wants help me please send me a message.
Cya	Cya
Mauro	Mauro
driver's license	driver's license
I got my driver’s license three years ago in Spain.	I got my driver’s license three years ago in Spain.
Before I had gotten it, I’d been studying like a month to pass the written test	Before I had gotten it, I’d been studying for about a month to pass the written test.
The test was easy and I passed.	The test was easy and I passed.
After that I had to prepare the driving test.	After that I had to prepare the driving test.
I’d been worrying about it for months, I’m not a good driver, but I passed it.	I’d been worrying about it for months. I’m not a good driver, but I passed it.
Now I have been preparing my written test to drive in California and tomorrow I’m going to take it.	Now I have been preparing my written test to drive in California and tomorrow I’m going to take it.
Wish me luck!	Wish me luck!
( In this text I want to use the past perfect and past perfect progressive...	( In this text I want to use the past perfect and past perfect progressive...
I don't know if it I used them correctly)	I don't know if it I used them correctly)
I love surfing.	I love surfing.
The surf is the most important in my life...	Surfing is the most important thing in my life...
I love surf  but surf its very simillar a drugs.	I love surfing but surfing is very simillar to drugs.
Is very addicted.	It is very addicting.
Surfing is good for travelling a lot of the world and search different beaches.	Surfing is good for travelling the world and searching for different beaches.
Now I stay in Australia, for me Australia its  a trannig, Im return to Spain I have veur contest and now I go to surfing every day.	I am now staying in Australia. For me Australia is for training. Im returning to Spain where I have veur contest and now I go surfing every day.
The Hospital	The Hospital
The Plansboro Clinic is full of patients.	The Plansboro Clinic is full of patients.
Johanna is sitting in the waiting room, reading a magazine.	Johanna is sitting in the waiting room, reading a magazine.
Mark walks by, wearing a lab coat, and carrying several patients charts.	Mark walks by, wearing a lab coat, and carrying several patients charts.
Johanna: excuse me, do you know what time, Doctor Snider will be in?	Johanna: excuse me, do you know what time, Doctor Snider will be in?
I´ve been waiting for him for more then a hour.	I´ve been waiting for him for more then a hour.
Mark: sorry for making you wait.	Mark: sorry for making you wait.
But dont worry, he will probably arrive any second.	But dont worry, he will probably arrive any second.
Johanna: thanks.	Johanna: thanks.
Doctor Snider enters the clinic...	Doctor Snider enters the clinic...
Learning kanji	Learning kanji
-- English：	-- English：
Today I finished the 18th chapter from Heisig's book "Kanji para recordar 1".	Today I finished the 18th chapter of Heisig's book "Kanji para recordar 1".
It was a long lesson.	It was a long lesson.
80 kanji.	80 kanji.
But I rested several weeks in between.	But I rested for several weeks in between.
(Bad done)	Bad idea
Now I know the basic meaning of 475 kanji.	Now I know the basic meaning of 475 kanji.
Although soon I'll need to review previous lessons to remember the forgotten ones.	Although soon I'll need to review previous lessons to remember the ones I've forgotten.
Last kanji I learn today is 「諮」 that could be translated as "consult".	The last kanji I learnt today is 「諮」 which could be translated as "consult".
The method I use to remember kanji is based in association techniques, imagination, and "see with the eye of the mind".	The method I use to remember kanji is based in association techniques, imagination, and "seeing with the eye of the mind".
For this word I'd "seen" a little man with a very big *mouth* placed over a big book full of *words*; and I #consult# to that *second* mouth (not the mine) when I have doubts.	For this word I'd "seen" a little man with a very big *mouth* placed over a big book full of *words*; and I #consult# that *second* mouth (not mine) when I have doubts.
(the bolded words are components of this kanji that could have that basic meaning in a separate form)	(the bolded words are components of this kanji that could have that basic meaning in a separate form)
Freddyncalm	Freddyncalm
presentation	presentation
hello my name is claudia, i would like to be teacher, i like voliball, a love the romanic movies, and anime, i like music but a hate the banda music or something like that, i would like to improve my writing.	Hello, my name is Claudia. I would like to be a teacher. I like volleyball, romantic movies, and anime. I like music, but a hate the banda music or something like that. I would like to improve my writing.
hello	hello
hello !!	Hello !!
my name is francisco	My name is Francisco.
my favorit color is blue	My favorite color is blue.
i am student	I am a student.
i like pizza and hamburgers 	I like pizza and hamburgers. 
i like play soccer 	I like to play soccer. 
Asking for help	Asking for Help
Hi,could you hep me with grammar.	Hi. Could you help me with learning grammar.
when I use the computer I feel very nervous but, I need to do in order to learn English that is a languaje that I want to talk fluently.	When I use a computer, I feel very nervous. But, I need to do this in order to learn English such that it is a languaje that I can speak fluently.
Sleep	Sleep
I have dream, so I need to go to my bed because tomorrow I'll have an exam :S.	I have a dream, so I need to go to bed because tomorrow I'll have an exam :S.
I have dream, so I need to go to my bed because tomorrow I'll have an exam :S.	I am sleepy, so I need to go to my bed because tomorrow I'll have an exam :S.
Tomorro I'll write more than this, well I think so, see you later guys.	Tomorrow I'll write more than this; well I think so. See you later guys.
Exam Times	Exam Time
Today I have an English exam.	Today I have an English exam.
So I got to go.......	So I've got to go.......
I don't want because the weather is cold and I prefer to stay at home.	I don't want to because the weather is cold and I prefer to stay at home.
See you.	See you!
More Security. Más Seguridad.	More Security. Más Seguridad.
Hoy en día ya no es notcia pero quería compartir esta foto con ustedes.	Hoy en día ya no es notcia pero quería compartir esta foto con ustedes.
Esta foto fue tomada cuando iba para la Universidad, saliendo de mi casa, pasaron y decidí tomar una foto discretamente :D.	Esta foto fue tomada cuando iba para la Universidad, saliendo de mi casa, pasaron y decidí tomar una foto discretamente :D.
Ahora las calles son patrulladas por militares para exterminar la corrupción y los policias corruptos.	Ahora las calles son patrulladas por militares para exterminar la corrupción y los policias corruptos.
Nowadays already it is not a new but I would want to share this picture with you.	It's not really news anymore but I would like to share this picture with you. I get what you're saying at the beginning of the sentence but it just sounds awkward in English.
This photo was taken when I was going to the University, out of my house they passed in front of me and I decide to take a picture but discreetly :D.	This photo was taken on my way to class; they passed in front of me and I decided to discreetly take a picture :D.
Now the streets are patrol by the military to exterminate the corruption and the corrupt policemen.	The streets are currently being patrolled by the corrupt policemen and the military, which is trying to exterminate the corruption. I switched the order because it seems like the military is responding to the policemen.
Now the streets are patrol by the military to exterminate the corruption and the corrupt policemen.	Now the streets are patrolled by the military, which is trying to drive away the corrupt policemen to exterminate the corruption.
Here is the picture.	Here is the picture.
Thanks for your time.	Thanks for your time.
Introduction	Introduction
Hi!	Hi!
My name is Mari Carmen and I'm a spaniard new user of Lang-8.	My name is Mari Carmen and I'm a new Spanish user of Lang-8.
I hope to improve my english here and I want to learn french too.	I hope to improve my English here and I want to learn French too.
Next year, I want to study a Master of Design in a British or French University	Next year, I want to study for a master's degree in Design at a British or French university.
I hope to help with spanish language to somebody who need it.	I hope to help anyone who needs help with Spanish .
Hi everybody..!!!	Hi everybody..!!!
This is the first time that I write here	This is the first time that I have written here
I live in Spain and I study the second basic course of English at the Official Language School.	I live in Spain and I am studying the second basic course of English at the Official Language School.
My level in grammar is good, although in conversation is low.	My level in grammar is good, although in conversation it is low.
The exams are in late May, so I'd like to improve my English writen.	The exams are in late May, so I'd like to improve my written English.
Everyday, during my meals, I turn the TV on to see the Vaughan program, who speak in English and say sentences in Spanish for translate them to English.	Everyday, during my meals, I turn the TV on to see the Vaughan program, who speaks in English and says sentences in Spanish in order to translate them into English.
Everyday, during my meals, I turn the TV on to see the Vaughan program, who speak in English and say sentences in Spanish for translate them to English.	Everyday, during my meals, I turn the TV on to watch the Vaughan program, who speaks in English and says sentences in Spanish in order to translate them to English.
Do you know him?	Do you know who he is? Do you know who he is?
See you soon	See you soon
How do you say?	How do you say?
The sun gives off (or gives out) light and heat	The sun gives off (or gives out) light and heat	The sun gives off light and heat. The sun produces light and heat.
The sun gives off (or gives out) light and heat	The sun radiates light and heat.
I don't mind he's a bit short.	I don't mind if he's a bit short. 
I don't mind he's a bit short.	I don't mind that he's a bit short.
(It´s a right sentence?)	Is this sentence correct?
Hi! How are you	Hi! How are you
Hi!	Hi!
I'm Omar and I would like to meet people who speak English or Japanese,	I'm Omar and I would like to meet people who speak English or Japanese,
I have been studying English since I was at elementary school, and 4 years ago I started studying Japanese	I have been studying English since I was in elementary school, and 4 years ago I started studying Japanese
It's hard >.<	It's hard >.<
Hi.	Hi.
:(	:(
To be honest, i really don't like to write.	To be honest, I really don't like to write.
To be honest, i really don't like to write.	To be honest, I really don't like to write.
But just because i can't and i make a lot of mistakes.	But that is only because I can't and I make a lot of mistakes.
But just because i can't and i make a lot of mistakes.	This is because I can't do so and I make a lot of mistakes.
It's frustrating.	It's frustrating.
I hate that.	I hate that.
>:(	>:(
But then a realize that i'll never learn how to if i dont start making this mistakes, even if i get embarrassed because of them.	But then I realize that I'll never learn how to if I don't make these mistakes, even if I get embarrassed because of them.
But then a realize that i'll never learn how to if i dont start making this mistakes, even if i get embarrassed because of them.	Despite that, I still realize I'll never learn how to write if I don't try, even at the expense of making mistakes, which can be embarrassing. 
T_T	T_T
So, here I am...	So, here I am...
feeling ashamed...	Feeling ashamed...
--->  .	--->  .
_.	_.
Presentation	Presentation
Hi people.	Hi people.
This is my first entry here at Lang-8.	This is my first entry here at Lang-8.
It was a really nice discovery on the internet.	It was a really nice discovery on the internet.
My native language is spanish, which is weird in some way, because im from New York, but I´ve been living in Buenos Aires since i was like five or six years old.	My native language is Spanish, which is weird in some ways, because I'm from New York, but I´ve been living in Buenos Aires since I was like five or six years old.
Therefor, im trying to learn (or maybe re-learn?	Therefore, I'm trying to learn (or maybe re-learn?
o.	o.
O) english.	O) english.
I find it easy to listen spoken english, but i can't write -maybe because I've never practiced my writting too much >.< -, so this is a little hard, but i think i can improove with some help.	I find it easy to listen to spoken English, but I can't write it - maybe because I've never practiced my writing too much >.< -, so this is a little hard, but I think I can improve with some help.
Thanks for reading =)	Thanks for reading =)
The problems of learn a new language. Specially English.	The problems of learn a new language, especially English.
The problems of learn a new language. Specially English.	The problems of learning a new language. Specially English.
The problems of learn a new language. Specially English.	The problems of learning a new language. Especially English.
When I am learning english, I realize that it is not the same as if I was learning other stuff (for example, history, maths, economics...).	When I am learning English, I realize that it is not the same as if I was learning other stuff (for example, history, maths, economics...).
When I am learning english, I realize that it is not the same as if I was learning other stuff (for example, history, maths, economics...).	When I am learning English, I realize that it is not the same as if I was learning other stuff (for example, history, math or economics...).
However, I was taught at school in this way.	However, I was taught at school in this way.
Learning vocabulary is realatively easy.	Learning vocabulary is relatively easy.
There is an english course called "El inglés con 1000 palabras" which affirm that one person can learn english knowing the meaning of one thousand words.	There is an English course called "El inglés con 1000 palabras" which affirms that a person can learn English by knowing the meaning of one thousand words.
There is an english course called "El inglés con 1000 palabras" which affirm that one person can learn english knowing the meaning of one thousand words.	There is an english course called "El inglés con 1000 palabras" which affirm that one person can learn English knowing the meaning of one thousand words.
I would wish that.	I wish that were true.
I would wish that.	I wish I could do that.
The harsh reality is that learning a new language is a hard thing for several reasons:	The harsh reality is that learning a new language is a hard thing for several reasons:
Item 1: Languages are formed by complex structures which are different in each of them.	Item 1: Languages are formed by complex structures which are different in each of them.
If all the languages created the sentences in the same way, knowling the major of the vocabulary, we would be able to speak fluently.	If all the languages created the sentences in the same way, knowling the majority of the vocabulary, we would be able to speak fluently.
If all the languages created the sentences in the same way, knowling the major of the vocabulary, we would be able to speak fluently.	If all the languages created the sentences in the same way, knowing the major of the vocabulary, we would be able to speak fluently.
Since it is not as this, I must to "think in english" which is antinatural to the way in wich I think when I speak into my language.	Since it is not like this, I have to "think in English" which is unnatural compared to the way I think when I speak my own language.
Since it is not as this, I must to "think in english" which is antinatural to the way in wich I think when I speak into my language.	Since it is not like that , I have to "think in english" which is anti-natural to the way in which I think when I speak into my language.
Item 2: The different forms of communication.	Item 2: The different forms of communication.
In fact it is necessary to learn three ways to use a language.	In fact it is necessary to learn three ways to use a language.
We could think that if we know the writting of a language we will be able to speak it and understand it.	We might think that if we learn the written form of a language we will be able to speak it and understand it.
After all, it is the same language and the person is simply saying the same thing in an oral way, isn´t it?.	After all, it is the same language and the person is simply saying the same thing in an oral way, isn´t it?.
This is a lie.	This is not the case.
I frecuently don´t understand some sentences.	I frequently don´t understand some sentences.
I frecuently don´t understand some sentences.	I frequently don´t understand some sentences.
But when I see the same sentences written I realize there are an easy ones.	But when I see the same sentences written I realize they are easy ones.
Then, I feel disappointed.	Then, I feel disappointed.
Today I was watching the first chapters of "Boston Legal" in v.	Today I was watching the first chapters of "Boston Legal" in v.
o.	o.
when I heard Denny Crane saying something like this:	when I heard Denny Crane saying something like this:
Why `n you brif as?	Why `n you brif as?
One second later I looked up the script and I read: Why don´t you brief us?	One second later I looked up the script and I read: Why don´t you brief us?
I repeated the frame several times and I realized the sound of the "d" and the "t" it was almost nonexistent.	I repeated the frame several times and I realized the sounds of the "d" and the "t" were almost nonexistent.
And there was and union between the words "brief" and "us".	And there was a union between the words "brief" and "us".
In spite of, I understand that all the people do not speak in a perfect way.	In spite of that, I understand that all the people do not speak in a perfect way.
I think that the important thing is to pay attention to the "key words" which will bring to you the general meaning of the conversation.	I think that the important thing is to pay attention to the "key words" which will bring to you the general meaning of the conversation.
Item 3: The embarrassment.	Item 3: The embarrassment.
When somebody is learning a languages he commits a great amount of mistakes.	When somebody is learning a language he makes a great amount of mistakes.
And worst of all, a childish ones.	And worst of all, many are childish ones.
Sometimes I am afraid to speak in english because my pronuntiation or because I am thinking if I am speaking correctly all the time.	Sometimes I am afraid to speak in English because of my pronunciation or because I wonder if I am speaking correctly the whole time.
Sometimes I am afraid to speak in english because my pronuntiation or because I am thinking if I am speaking correctly all the time.	Sometimes I am afraid to speak in English because my pronunciation or because I am thinking if I am speaking correctly all the time.
I think this is a great barrier that need to be overtaken.	I think this is a great barrier that I need to overcome.
I am doing big efforts to achieve it.	I am making big efforts to achieve it.
Thanks for read me.	Thanks for reading my entry.
Really hungry ;_;	Really hungry ;_;
Whoa, I think I've never been so hungry.	Whoa, I think I've never been so hungry.
Since December I'm only eating liquid food...	Since December I have been eating only liquid food...
and it's a true torture!	and it's truly torture!
It's because I had a surgery.	It's because I had surgery.
I think it's called sleeve gastrectomy...	I think it's called sleeve gastrectomy...
or something ·_·U They removed my biliar gallblader, too.	or something ·_·U They removed my biliar gallblader, too.
Because of this, my diet is really strict.	Because of this, my diet is really strict.
In the first month I only could drink hipocaloric drinks, it was my only meal, and it sucked xD at least they were chocolate-flavored...	In the first month I only could drink hipocaloric drinks, it was my only meal, and it sucked xD at least they were chocolate-flavored...
Now I can eat purées and soup.	Now I can eat purées and soup.
I like soup, but purées...	I like soup, but purées...
Yikes!	Yikes!
Next week I'll be allowed to eat a little bit of bread.	Next week I'm allowed to eat a little bit of bread.
Thank God!	Thank God!
I love bread!	I love bread!
But all this suffer will have its prize.	But all this suffering will have its payoff
In two months I've lost 10 kg!	In two months I've lost 10 kg!
I hope to keep this up.	I hope I can keep it up.
Writing about my goals to a friend	Writing about my goals to a friend
What a wonderful career have you had!	What a wonderful career you have had!
I'm quite impressed.	I'm quite impressed.
Like you have said, I'm studying at the college, I've already finished the second year and I'm about to start the third year (here in Spain, Psychology is a 4 years degree).	As you said, I'm studying in college. I've already finished the second year and I'm about to start the third year (here in Spain, Psychology is a 4 years degree).
I'm completely sure that I want to do a career like a psychologist, but I don't know what major I want to chose.	I'm completely sure that I want a career as a psychologist, but I don't know what major I want to chose.
My fauvorite options are clinic psychology, industrial psychology and social psychology.	My favorite options are clinical psychology, industrial psychology and social psychology.
However, my dream is to become a psychologist researcher, but it's really hard to become one in Spain.	However, my dream is to become a t psychological researcher, but it's really hard to become one in Spain.
Hence,I'm studying really hard for that and I'm obtaining great qualifications, so far.	Hence,I'm studying really hard for that and I'm getting great qualifications, so far. While "obtaining" is technically correct according to the dictionary definition, "getting" would be better informal english.
However, I need to improve my English if I want to receive some interesting scholarship.	However, I need to improve my English if I want to receive an interesting scholarship. Your English seems quite good even though it's not perfect!
What do you mean with theoretical orientation?	What do you mean by theoretical orientation?
Do you mean an orientation to guide your studies and career or do you mean the mainstream that follows my college (for example, Freud, conductism, etc)?	Do you mean an orientation to guide your studies and career or do you mean the mainstream that follows my college (for example, Freud, conductism, etc)? 
By the way, I've been to New York a month ago.	By the way, I've been to New York a month ago. Technically "been to" is correct and certainly understandable but it is awkward. An American would say "I visited New York---or "I went to New York".
It has been a wonderful experience!	It was a wonderful experience!
Posting in a thread about a gossip: 	Posting in a thread about gossip:I'm not sure if this should be "in" or "on" a thread...this is because I'm unfamiliar with the new social media language:)
Actually, I think that Gavin really has been cheating on Emma.	Actually, I think that Gavin really has been cheating on Emma.
Don't all of you remember that he had been flirting with Monica, who is his partner in Gavin's new movie, before getting married with Emma?	Don't all of you remember that he had been flirting with Monica, who is his partner in Gavin's new movie, before getting married to Emma?
Maybe Monica is trying to flirt with him again because he's now millionaire and successful.	Maybe Monica is trying to flirt with him again because he's now a millionaire and successful.
Anyway, either is just a rumor or Gavin and Monica are having an affair, Emma must be suffering a lot because all of this!	Anyway, either this is just a rumor or Gavin and Monica are having an affair . Emma must be suffering a lot because of all of this!
I wish that this ends up being just a rumor and with Gavin discovering a person who has been trying to frame him spreading false rumor.	I hope that this ends up being just a rumor and ends with Gavin discovering the person who has been trying to frame him by spreading this false rumor.
Warning an employee about his bad performance	Warning an employee about his bad performance
Dear James, Some serious problems have been brought to my attention relating to your working style and habits.	Dear James, Some serious problems have been brought to my attention relating to your working style and habits.
This is a formal letter of warning to ask you to improve your work.	This is a formal letter of warning to ask you to improve your work.
Let me outline the areas in which you need to improve.	Let me outline the areas in which you need to improve.
First off, you must need to improve your punctuality and time management.	First off, you must improve your punctuality and time management.
This is a serious company and we love organisation and commitment.	This is a serious company and we love organisation and commitment.
Also, we would like you to become a better teamworker.	Also, we would like you to become a better teamworker.
We know that you are a good salesman and that you have a great succes rate with your clients.	We know that you are a good salesman and that you have a great succes rate with your clients.
However, we want you to stop working by yourself but start sharing your skills with your workmates.	However, we want you to stop working by yourself and start sharing your skills with your workmates.
From now on, we will supervise your work carefully the followings two months and hope you to turn those weaknesses into strenghts.	From now on, we will supervise your work carefully in the following two months and hope you turn those weaknesses into strenghts.
Your supervisor will write a report of your performance after the two examination months.	Your supervisor will write a report of your performance after the two examination months.
If you do not suceed and improve those skills we may prescind from your work in the future.	If you do not succeed and improve those skills we may prescind from your work in the future.
Nonetheless, if the report shows a betterment you could even be promoted.	Nonetheless, if the report shows a betterment you could even be promoted.
Yours sincerely,	Yours sincerely,
Mr.	Mr.
Andrés, Manager of Sales Department	Andrés, Manager of Sales Department
An e-mail answering to my friend Gilherme	An e-mail answering to my friend Gilherme
Gillherme!!	Gillherme!!
I'm really great.	I'm really great.
I just have came back from Laura's house today.	I have just come back Laura's house today.
I've been in her house for 10 days and I have had a marvellous time there.	I've been at her house for 10 days and I have had a marvellous time there.
We went today to canoeing and it was pretty exhausting because our canoe was a bit broken at the bottom and the water was entering continuosly, so we had to do more effort than the normal (because the water that was holding back the canoe was heavier for moments) and had to stop a few times to expulse the water from the canoe.	We went canoeing today and it was pretty exhausting because our canoe was a bit broken at the bottom and the water was entering continuously, so we had to exert more effort (because the water that was holding back the canoe was heavy at times) and had to stop a few times to drain the water from the canoe.
However, I found it quite funny and interesting.	However, I found it quite funny and interesting.
Now I'm going to be a couple of days without Laura and then she is going to come to my city, Valladolid.	Now I'm going to be a couple of days without Laura and then she is going to come to my city, Valladolid.
She is going to stay another 10 days, because she is going to be with me until my birthday.	Suggestion: She is going to stay another 10 days, in order to be with me until my birthday.
How I suppose that you are realizing, our holidays haven´t finished yet.	As you've probably realized, our holidays haven´t finished yet.
Our first day of university this year will be the 26 th of September, but we have to start to do the application and that stuff the next week.	Our first day of university this year will be the 26th of September, but we have to start the application and that stuff next week.
We are keen to start our third year of Pshychology!!	We are keen to start our third year of Psychology!!
Have you started already your classes then??	Have you already started your classes then??
What day do you have that extremely hard test??	What day do you have that extremely hard test??
You're clever guys, so if you study you'll pass with wonderful marks that test!	You're clever guys, so if you study you'll pass that test with wonderful marks !
I'm completely sure!!	I'm completely sure!!
=D	=D
It was too funny for Laura and me to read that you think that it must be awesome to celebrate a birthday in Spain!!	It was too funny for Laura and me to read that you think that it must be awesome to celebrate a birthday in Spain!!
:P If you want to come to Spain and celebrate a birthday here, just say it to me and I'll invite you to stay some days in my house!	:P If you want to come to Spain and celebrate a birthday here, just let me know and I'll invite you to stay a few days in my house!
Give back the kiss to Thais and Mariana, send a great hug to Gabriel and save for you a kiss from Laura and a hug from me!	Give back the kiss to Thais and Mariana, send a great hug to Gabriel and save for you a kiss from Laura and a hug from me!
Take care!!	Take care!!
Psychology orientations	Psychology orientations
Hi again!	Hi again!
So my college orientation (now that I really know what does to mean orientation in this context :P)is focused mainly in the cognitive-conductual school, but nowadays positive psychology is increasing its importance.	So my college orientation (now that I really know what orientation means in this context :P)is focused mainly in the cognitive-conductual school, but nowadays positive psychology is increasing its importance.
Actually, in my college the most of the teachers are a bit opposed to psychoanalysis and Freud because they say it's not a scientific psychology.	Actually, in my college, most of the teachers are a bit opposed to psychoanalysis and Freud because they say it's not a scientific psychology.
However, I think that the best option is not to be extremist and for me that means not to follow all that Freud and his succesors taught, but also not to refuse everything.	However, I think that the best option is not to be extremist, and for me that means not to follow all that Freud and his succesors taught, but also not to refuse everything.
But that's only my opinion.	But that's only my opinion.
I agree with you in what you said about that there are many areas of psychology wich are not clinical.	I agree with you in what you said about there being many areas of psychology which are not clinical.
Actually, in Spain few of the students ends up doing a clinical career.	Actually, in Spain, few of the students end up doing a clinical career.
Yeah!	Yeah!
It will be wonderful to correct your future writings ir order to help you to learn more Spanish!	It will be wonderful to correct your future writings in order to help you to learn more Spanish!
Andrés	Andrés
Preparing for a soccer match	Preparing for a soccer match
When this morning the clock alarm went off, I just wanted to sleep a bit more.	When the clock alarm went off this morning, I just wanted to sleep a bit more.
I had sleep deprivation beacuse of the hot and the noise.	I had sleep deprivation because of the heat and the noise.
Is summer now in Spain, so it's pretty warm.	It is summer now in Spain, so it's pretty warm.
Also, have just started the parties of my city, hence even in the night the noise which comes from the streets is a bit louder than the desirable.	Also, the parties of my city have just started, hence even in the night the noise which comes from the streets is a bit louder than desirable.
After have being snoozing for a while, I was startled awake by my dog's barks.	After snoozing for a while, I was startled awake by my dog's barks.
As I prepared myself, so fast as I could, to go out and to meet my friends in the soccer field, I checked my mail.	As I prepared myself, as fast as I could, to go out and to meet my friends in the soccer field, I checked my mail.
Happily, I saw that during the night I had received that important mail I was waiting for.	Happily, I saw that during the night I had received that important mail I was waiting for.
Before leaving my house and head to the match, I gave two kisses to my mother and rubbed my dog´s back.	Before leaving my house and heading to the match, I gave two kisses to my mother and rubbed my dog's back.
Thanks to it's barks I arrived just in time.	Thanks to its barks I arrived just in time. 
A letter of complaint	A letter of complaint
Dear Blue Cruise Alaska,	Dear Blue Cruise Alaska,
I would like to lodge a formal complaint to your company.	I would like to lodge a formal complaint against your company.
I would like to lodge a formal complaint to your company.	I would like to lodge a formal complaint against your company. Or, you could say "to make a formal complaint to your company".
What I was promised in your official brochure is completely different of the service I have been given.	Your brochure is a complete misrepresrntation of the services I recieved.
What I was promised in your official brochure is completely different of the service I have been given.	What I was promised in your official brochure is completely different from the service I was given.
The reasons of this complaint are hereby, in the followings paragraphs: 	The reasons of this complaint are specified, over the followings paragraphs: 
The reasons of this complaint are hereby, in the followings paragraphs: 	The reasons for this complaint aregiven , in the followings paragraphs: 
1.	1.
I had been told that I was going to see a great number of animals in their habitat, including walrus, seals, penguins and whales.	I was told that I was going to see a great number of animals in their habitat, including walrus, seals, penguins and whales.
I had been told that I was going to see a great number of animals in their habitat, including walrus, seals, penguins and whales.	I had been told that I was going to see a great number of animals in their habitat, including walruses, seals, penguins and whales.
Eventually, I just saw a whale and it was in a movie, which was utterly disappointing.	Eventually, I saw a whale but it was in a movie, which was utterly disappointing.
2.	2.
There have been extra and hidden charges.	There are hidden charges.
There have been extra and hidden charges.	There were extra and hidden charges. was and were in english are the past tenses usually given as había estado in spanish--in english it's just one word.
3.	3.
The captain was unprofessional.	The captain was unprofessional.
He always got up late and was drinking alcohol.	He always slept late and drank alcohol.
He always got up late and was drinking alcohol.	He always got up late and was always drinking alcohol.
4.	4.
I have paid for a fortnight cruise and our ship has finished its journey the tenth day.	I paid for a fortnight cruise but our journey ended on the tenth day.
I have paid for a fortnight cruise and our ship has finished its journey the tenth day.	I have had paid for a fortnight cruise but our ship finished its journey on the tenth day.
Hence, I have been stolen five days of vacation.	Hence, I have lost five days of vacation which I paid your company for.
Hence, I have been stolen five days of vacation.	Hence, I had five days of vacation stolen from me.
I hope to have news from you as soon as possible apologizing for all this troubles that I have been caused for your service and offering me a logical compensation.	I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an explanation for this, along with a fair compensation for the inconvenience this has caused.
I hope to have news from you as soon as possible apologizing for all this troubles that I have been caused for your service and offering me a logical compensation.	I hope to hear from you as soon as possible apologizing for all the trouble that I had which were caused by your poor service and offering expect you to offer me appropriate compensation.
Yours sincerely, 	Yours sincerely, 
Andrés	Andrés
Informal e-mail to a friend just promoted	Informal e-mail to a friend just promoted
Hi Anne!	Hi Anne!
That's great news!	That's great news!
I knew that you were going to be promoted,but I'm quite impressed it happened so soon!	I knew that you were going to be promoted,but I'm quite impressed it happened so soon!
You're really hard-working and I'm pretty sure that you'll be at the top of the climbing ladder within 3 years.	You're really hard-working and I'm pretty sure that you'll be at the top of the ladder within 3 years.
I'm happy to see that your boss is so glad of your role in the company and that he has noticed your ambition!	I'm happy to see that your boss is so pleased with your role in the company and that he has noticed your ambition!
Try to take advantage of those workshops you are about to attend and on-the-job training your boss is going to provide you!	Try to take advantage of those workshops you are about to attend and the on-the-job training your boss is going to provide you!
I'm also relieved with your pay raise, now you won't have more problems with your bills.	I'm also relieved with your pay raise -- now you won't have more problems with your bills. 
Ok, let's meet tomorrow at the Starbucks, I'm thirsty for a frappuccino!	And yes, let's meet tomorrow at Starbucks. I'm thirsty for a frappuccino!
Don't worry, I'll call Sue and tell her about our meeting.	Don't worry, I'll call Sue and tell her about our meeting.
Take care!	Take care!
Your proud friend, Andrés	Your proud friend, Andrés
Story of Deborah and Roger	The Story of Deborah and Roger
Story of Deborah and Roger	Story of Deborah and Roger
Deborah is completely different to Roger despite of the fact they work in the same office.	Deborah is completely indifferent to Roger despite the fact that they work in the same office.
Deborah is completely different to Roger despite of the fact they work in the same office.	Deborah is completely different from Roger despite the fact they work in the same office.
On the first hand, Deborah is outgoing, friendly, funny and is always thinking to have a fun time.	On one hand, Deborah is outgoing, friendly, funny and is always thinking about having a fun time.
On the first hand, Deborah is outgoing, friendly, funny and is always thinking to have a fun time.	On the one hand, Deborah is outgoing, friendly, funny and is always thinking about having a fun time.
She also loves dancing and going out to clubs.	She also loves dancing and going out to clubs.
She has tons of friends and avoids to be at home and alone.	She has tons of friends and avoids being at home alone.
She has tons of friends and avoids to be at home and alone.	She has tons of friends and avoids being at home and alone. I think this retains your meaning that she doesn't every like being alone.
On the other hand, Roger is really responsible and is really looking forward to his future and wants to get a promotion the next year.	On the other hand, Roger is really responsible and is really looking forward to his future and wants to get a promotion next year.
On the other hand, Roger is really responsible and is really looking forward to his future and wants to get a promotion the next year.	On the other hand, Roger is really responsible and is really looking forward to the future. He wants to get a promotion next year.
He enjoys being at home alone reading a book.	He enjoys being at home alone reading a book.
Also Roger is saving money to buy a house in the suburbs in order to move into there with his girlfriend, who he wants to ask if she wants to marry him soon.	Also Roger is saving money to buy a house in the suburbs in order to move into there with his girlfriend, who he wants to ask if she wants to marry him soon.It would be better to say -Roger is also saving money to buy a house in the suburbs in order to move there with his girlfriend. He wants to ask her to marry him soon
Also Roger is saving money to buy a house in the suburbs in order to move into there with his girlfriend, who he wants to ask if she wants to marry him soon.	Also Roger is saving money to buy a house in the suburbs in order to move there with his girlfriend, whom he wants to ask to marry him soon.
Deborah thinks that Roger is a bit boring and doesn´t know how to enjoy life.	Deborah thinks that Roger is a bit boring and doesn´t know how to enjoy life.
On the contrary, Roger opinion`s about Deborah is that she should care more about her work and future, and not to be all the day thinking in partying.	Roger's opinion about Deborah is that she should care more about her work and future, and not to be all the day thinking about partying.
On the contrary, Roger opinion`s about Deborah is that she should care more about her work and future, and not to be all the day thinking in partying.	However, Roger opinion about Deborah is that she should care more about her work and future, and not all day be thinking about partying.
Writing about a TV survey	Writing about a TV survey
Yesterday I read the results of a survey conducted in order to know more about the TV viewers and mainly what sort of TV programs do they like most.	Yesterday I read the results of a survey conducted in order to know more about TV viewers and mainly what sort of TV programs they like most.
The report tells that they divided the respondents in different age groups (0-18; 19-30; 31-45; 46-60; 61 to forward), genders (male and female) and in sorts of job (blue collar jobs and white collar jobs).	According to the report, the respondents were divided into different age groups (0-18; 19-30; 31-45; 46-60; 61 and older), genders (male and female) and according to type of job (blue collar jobs and white collar jobs).
The figures I could see in that research were really interesting and showed me, for example, that almost all the people prefers to watch the news in the evenings better than in the mornings or that the documentaries are more seen than cartoons, talk shows or games shows.	The figures I could see in that research were really interesting and showed me, for example, that almost all the people prefer to watch the news in the evenings rather than in the mornings and that the documentaries are watched more often than cartoons, talk shows or games shows.
Also, I found figures in the chart that pointed out obvious things, take that the young people loves reality TV.	Also, I found figures in the chart that pointed out obvious things, that the young people love reality TV, for example.
In conclusion, reading that survey was a great way to spend 10 minutes, to learn curious things and gave me the inspiration to write another drafting for posting it in Lang-8.	In conclusion, reading that survey was a great way to spend 10 minutes. I learned interesting things and gave me the inspiration to write another entry for Lang-8.
My trip to U.S.A 	My trip to the U.S.A 
This summer, my girlfriend and I have been to two cities I consider an obligation to visit at least once in your life: New York and Miami.	This summer, my girlfriend and I have been to two cities I consider an obligation to visit at least once in your life: New York and Miami.
At the beggining we were going to go only to New York and stay there for a month, but my girlfriend's father lives in Miami.	At the beginning we were going to go only to New York and stay there for a month, but my girlfriend's father lives in Miami.
Hence, we decided to go to Miami as well, and stayed three weeks in New York and one more week in Miami.	Hence, we decided to go to Miami as well, and stayed three weeks in New York and one more week in Miami.
Our time in New York was unsurpassable.	Our time in New York was unsurpassable.
We did a lot of sightseeing and we are sure that if we had had another three weeks to see New York we would have the same feeling that we have now, that we have a lot more to see in that city.	We did a lot of sightseeing and we are sure that if we had had another three weeks to see New York we would have the same feeling that we have now, that we have a lot more to see in that city.
I must admit that our location was incredible, because we stayed in a hotel just a block far from Central Park, and just 3 blocks far from Columbus, one of Central Park's corners, which is the nearest to Times Square.	I must admit that our location was incredible, because we stayed in a hotel just a block away from Central Park, and just 3 blocks away from Columbus, a landmark at the corner of Central Park nearest to Times Square.
Apart from the sightseeing and the shopping, we enjoyed a lot the time there because we learnt a lot of english both, in the academy and in the "real life".	Apart from the sightseeing and the shopping, we enjoyed our time there a lot because we learned a lot of English, both in the academy and in "real life".
Then, when we moved to Miami, we were a bit sad for leaving New York, but we also realized that we were having a great time in Miami too.	When we moved on to Miami, we were a bit sad about leaving New York, but we also realized that it was a lot of fun there too.
We visited a lot of her relatives, whom I hadn't seen before (except than in photos)and they were really nice.	We visited a lot of my girlfriend's relatives, whom I hadn't seen before (except in photos) and they were really nice.
We visited Maimi Beach, with its wonderful white sand and cristalline water and realished wonderful food, because my girlfriend's father is a great cooker.	We visited Miami Beach, with its wonderful white sand and crystalline water,_and relished wonderful food, because my girlfriend's father is a great cook.
To sum up, I have had a beatiful experience with an excellent company and in excellent places.	To sum up, I have had a beautiful experience with excellent company and visiting excellent places.
presentation	presentation
hi¡ i´m berenice, i´m student in Mexico and this year i´m going to take the TOEFL so i need help	Hi! I´m berenice. I´m a student in Mexico and this year I´m going to take the TOEFL, so i need help.
My conclusion of my essay about 3 famous sports in US	My conclusion of my essay about 3 famous sports in US
 Finally when you come to United State is necessary you have a notion of these three sports, because in the basketball you can see in around the world or almost the world, but the mother of this sport, it is here.	 Finally, when you come to the United States it is necessary you have a notion of these three sports, because you can see basketball around the world or almost the world, but the mother of this sport is here.
Then American football is part of the American culture you never can see in other country, it is your unique possibility.	Then American football is part of the American culture you never can see in other country, it is your unique possibility.
The last one, NASCAR is different than others car races, you don’t have elegance or luxury than F1; in NASCAR you have warrior soul.	The last one, NASCAR is different than others car races, you don’t have elegance or luxury than F1; in NASCAR you have warrior soul.
For this reason you need learn about these sports, so if you want understand the American passion for the sport.	For this reason you need learn about these sports, so if you want understand the American passion for the sport.
Ordering at McD****lds	Ordering at McD****lds
- Welcome to McD****ld's.	- Welcome to McD****ld's.
May I take your order?	May I take your order?
- I would like one Big Mc menu.	- I would like one Big Mc menu.
- Would you like medium, large, or super size?	- Would you like medium, large, or super size?
- Medium, please.	- Medium, please.
- Whith fries or country-potatoes?	- Whith fries or country-potatoes?
- Regular fries.	- Regular fries.
- What would you like to drink?	- What would you like to drink?
- Coke, please.	- Coke, please.
- Would you like any sauce?	- Would you like any sauce?
- Yes, one ketchup.	- Yes, one ketchup.
- One Big Mac menu, fries and coke medium.	- One Big Mac menu, fries and coke medium.
Will that be all?	Will that be all?
- Yes, thanks.	- Yes, thanks.
- The total comes to 6,25 euros.	- The total comes to 6,25 euros.
- Ok, could I pay with credit card?	- Ok, could I pay with credit card?
- No, I´m sorry, only in cash. 	- No, I´m sorry, only in cash. 
Would you like to pay in cash or with credit card?	Would you like to pay in cash or with a credit card?
what i like about him	what i like about him
I'ts nor very original, is it?	I'ts not very original, is it?
Girl meets boy, boy meets girl.	Girl meets boy, boy meets girl.
But, hey I'm talikng about me right now, so taht means strange girl meets strange boy in very weird circumstances.	But, hey I'm talking about me right now, so that means strange girl meets strange boy in very weird circumstances.
Currently, the cold and naked truth Is that I can't no anything.	Currently, the cold and naked truth Is that I can't no anything.
He is in London, I am in my home town.	He is in London, I am in my home town.
But I dont want to talk about it, I want to talk about why I think it's a good idea to try to know him better, to try to break all my psochologial barriers and to find a reason to be alive outside of myself.	But I dont want to talk about it, I want to talk about why I think it's a good idea to try to know him better, to try to break all my psochologial barriers and to find a reason to be alive outside of myself.
The first, and the most important thing is that he is not the kind of man that I can manipulate.	The first, and the most important thing is that he is not the kind of man that I can manipulate.
Being honest, sometimes I can be a awful and cruel bitch, and I know he won't cede to my dirty emotional blackmail or my not less dirty guilt trip.	Being honest, sometimes I can be a awful and cruel bitch, and I know he won't cede to my dirty emotional blackmail or my not less dirty guilt trip.
So, I' m happy cause I think I' ve finally found someone who can see my real face, which includes my dark side, and, at the same time, I am worryed because I am really used to manipulate people's emotions instead of say "i'm sorry" when I am wrong, and I think it's gonna be hard to give up with it.	So, I' m happy cause I think I' ve finally found someone who can see my real face, which includes my dark side, and, at the same time, I am worryed because I am really used to manipulate people's emotions instead of say "i'm sorry" when I am wrong, and I think it's gonna be hard to give up with it.
Although, i really believe a person like him can make me be a better girl.	Although, i really believe a person like him can make me be a better girl.
The second thing I like about him is that he knows about what I am talking about when I talk about pain.	The second thing I like about him is that he knows about what I am talking about when I talk about pain.
His life hasn't been very funny, really.	His life hasn't been very funny, really.
He is able to understand me when I talk about my broken family, my fears and my contradiction, cause he has lived all that.	He is able to understand me when I talk about my broken family, my fears and my contradiction, cause he has lived all that.
He know what yo feel when you love and hate at the same time, when you are surrounded by people but you feel totally alone.	He know what yo feel when you love and hate at the same time, when you are surrounded by people but you feel totally alone.
For me, this is important.	For me, this is important.
I dont want a relationship with the happiest person in the world, I just want someone who can understand my fears, my contradictions and my madness.	I dont want a relationship with the happiest person in the world, I just want someone who can understand my fears, my contradictions and my madness.
And maybe cure it.	And maybe cure it.
The last thing is that I like his turned-up nose and his tattoos.	The last thing is that I like his turned-up nose and his tattoos.
No, I'm serious now, I find him cute.	No, I'm serious now, I find him cute.
It's strange, because I've passed almost my whole life obsessed with guys who seemed to be Kurt Cobain's brothers: skinny, blondes and with a hippie style.	It's strange, because I've passed almost my whole life obsessed with guys who seemed to be Kurt Cobain's brothers: skinny, blondes and with a hippie style.
And he is not blonde, he has not long hair, he is not anorexic and he is more a punk than a hippie.	And he is not blonde, he doesn't have long hair, he is not anorexic and he is more of a punk than a hippie.
I need a hero!	I need a hero!
I’m a bad cooker.	I’m a bad cooker.
No, really, I think I am the worst cooker in the world.	No, really, I think I am the worst cooker in the world.
For me, a simple thing like beat some eggs can be a terrible battle between the eggs and me (and yes, the eggs always win) leaving, as a result, a dirty, dirty kitchen which I have to clean after ending with the eggs.	For me, a simple thing like beat some eggs can be a terrible battle between the eggs and me (and yes, the eggs always win) leaving, as a result, a dirty, dirty kitchen which I have to clean after ending with the eggs.
Being honest, I didn’t use to care so much about cooking.	Being honest, I didn’t use to care so much about cooking.
My mother is an excellent cooker so I didn’t have to worry about learning something about how to prepare food.	My mother is an excellent cooker so I didn’t have to worry about learning something about how to prepare food.
But now I’m going to move to a foreign country, completely alone and I have nobody to cook for me.	But now I’m going to move to a foreign country, completely alone and I have nobody to cook for me.
And I’m scared.	And I’m scared.
Actually, I’m terrified.	Actually, I’m terrified.
I can perfectly imagine the main stories in the news : young student starved to dead because she was too stupid to can boil water, or young student sets fire on her house trying to make toast.	I can perfectly imagine the main stories in the news : young student starved to dead because she was too stupid to boil water, or young student sets fire on her house trying to make toast.
Of course, in the next mouth I can try to learn something about it, but I have been thinking of it and finally I got to an idea: the best thing I can do is find someone who cooks for me.	Of course, in the next mouth I can try to learn something about it, but I have been thinking of it and finally I got to an idea: the best thing I can do is find someone who cooks for me.
Somebody who enjoys cooking, and, if it is posible, I would like a tall, handsome, intelligent, clever, funny and charm boy, interested in body art, who admires Jackson Pollock and Philiph Rotko, and enjoys listening to alternative music, reading good literature, underground comics and fanzines and well, explaining it in Lou Reed words, walking on the wild side.	Somebody who enjoys cooking, and, if it is posible, I would like a tall, handsome, intelligent, clever, funny and charm boy, interested in body art, who admires Jackson Pollock and Philiph Rotko, and enjoys listening to alternative music, reading good literature, underground comics and fanzines and well, explaining it in Lou Reed words, walking on the wild side.
Yeah, thats exactly what I need.	Yeah, thats exactly what I need.
Any offer?	Any offer?
gay!	gay!
Everybody is gay.	Everybody is gay.
Absolutely everybody.	Absolutely everybody.
During this year, my best friend, my lovely mate of French class, the boy who sits in front of me in History class and the ex drummer of my band have confessed their homosexuality (Well, in fact my History classmate is bisexual) and I've noticed that it has been really hard for all of them.	During this year, my best friend, my lovely mate from my French class, the boy who sits in front of me in history class and the ex-drummer of my band have confessed their homosexuality (Well, in fact my history classmate is bisexual) and I've noticed that it has been really hard for all of them.
And I ask myself why.	And I ask myself why.
Why all the non heterosexual people have to make an extre effort to do anything	Why do all the non-heterosexual people have to make an extra effort to do anything.
Sorry, but I'm angry.	Sorry, but I'm angry.
I'm angry with all this peole who is talking non sense against gay marriage, I'm extremely angry with all the people who says things like "is unnatural" or "is agains the right concept of family" or rubbish like that.	I'm angry with all these people who are talking nonsense against gay marriage. I'm extremely angry with all the people who says things like "it's unnatural" or "it's against the moral concept of family" or rubbish like that.
Come on, where is the problem?	Come on, where is the problem?
Do gays batter womans?	Do gays abuse women?
Are gays in skinhead bands?	Are gays in skinhead bands?
Are they misogynous?	Are they misogynous?
Well, I guess the answer is no.	Well, I guess the answer is no.
So, again, where the hell is the problem?	So, again, where the hell is the problem?
I' m bisexual.	I' m bisexual.
As long as I can remember, I have feel attracteD for both girls and boys.	As long as I can remember, I have "been attracted to" or "felt attraction for" both girls and boys.
And I'm proud of my sexuality, and I have never lied about it, but the truth is that not everybody want to understand that you Have the right to love whoever you wanna love, and that this is not a problem, or an illnes.	And I'm proud of my sexuality, and I have never lied about it, but the truth is that not everybody want to understand that you have the right to love whoever you wanna love, and that this is not a problem, or an illness.
Homosexuality is not an aillnes, homphobia IS.	Homosexuality is not an illness, but homophobia IS.
she's lost control	she's lost control
Beauty is relative.	Beauty is relative.
All we are our own piece of art.	We are all our own piece of art.
It' s so stimulant, because you can create yourself every day, every morning.	It' s so , stimulating, because you can recreate yourself every day, every morning.
Because it' s yours.	Because it' s yours.
you body is yours, it' s your only possession.	your body is yours; it' s your only possession.
You wake up and you build yourself, with colourful cloths and piercings and dyed hair and fierce eyes.	You wake up and you build yourself, with colourful cloth and piercings and dyed hair and fierce eyes.
Every morning, before I get into the shower, I'm just my own sketch; then, when I choose the estetic, I choose be myself instead of be anyone else.	Every morning, before I get into the shower, I'm just my own idea; then, when I choose the appearence, I choose to be myself instead of being anyone else.
My body is MINE.	My body is MINE.
To tattoo it, to pierce it, to fuck with girls and boys, to become the person I want to be and I am not yet.	To tattoo it, to pierce it, to fuck with girls and boys, to become the person I want to be the person I am not yet.
All the acts have a meaning.	All my acts have a meaning. You could also say "every act has a meaning."
The touch of my hands, and the touch of your hands too, will never be imited.	The touch of my hands, and the touch of your hands too, will never be limited.
I believe in the human being, I believe in myself, I believe in every word I am writting right now, so that's why I have magnified sex, love, fashion and Kate Moss's life.	I believe in the human being, I believe in myself, I believe in every word I am writting right now, so that's why I have magnified sex, love, fashion and Kate Moss's life.
That is the reason behind my interest in explore the limitis of control, why I am going to move to London with 18 years, that's why I have sex in my room when my family is sleeping or have my hip bone tattoed with a colourful dragonfly.	That is the reason behind my interest in exploring the limits of control, the reason why I am going to move to London at 18 years, that's why I have sex in my room while my family is sleeping or have my hip bone tattooed with a colourful dragonfly.
Because I love control and adore loose it.	Because I love control and adore losing it.
Here I go!	Here I go!
I cant remeber exactly when it all began.	I can't remember exactly when it all began.
I started my last course before university in September having absolutely no idea of what I wanted to study after.	I started my last course before university in September having absolutely no idea of what I wanted to study afterwards.
I think probably was a good friend of mine who first told me about the posibility of move to Great Britain and study there.	I think it probably was a good friend of mine who first told me about the possibility of going to Great Britain and studying there.
Without saying a word to my friends and relatives, I began to seach for information about U.	Without saying a word to my friends and relatives, I began to seach for information about going to Great Britain to study.
K universities: what courses could I do, what kind of economic facilities could it give me, how did the applying process work like...	What courses could I do? What kind of economic facilities are available to me? How does the application process work?... And so on.
really, loads of information.	Really, just loads of information.
Here on my town I got only a few courses to choose, but the ofert in Great Briatin was ashtonishing: Filologies, Philosophy, Arts, Psychology...	Here in my home town, they only offer a few courses , but the courses available in Great Britain are astonishing:: philology, philosophy, the arts, psychology, etc
Fnally I decided to study History of Art.	Fnally I decided to study History of Art.
I have been interested in art as long as I can remeber but, being honest, I dont have talent enough to be an artist.	I have been interested in art as long as I can remember but, being honest, I dont have enough talent to be an artist.
But I really would be very happy in a job with direct contact with artist, such as a museum or gallery, and that's why I believe this is my dreamed course.	But I really would be very happy in a job with direct contact with the art world , such as a museum or gallery, and that's why I believe this is my dreamcourse.
I applyed for six universities all along U.	I applied for six universities in GB .
K, from Aberdeen to London.	from Aberdeen to London.
I was admited on four of them and I finally decided to study in London.	I was admitted to four of them and I finally decided to study in London.
Right now, I have to do the IELTS exams to show I have enough knowledge of the language to can follow my classes on english.	Right now, I have to do the IELTS exams to show I have enough knowledge of the language to show I can follow my classes in english.
And, truly, I cant belive this is really happening to me.	And, truly, I can't believe this is really happening to me.
The idea of moving to Great Britain and study there, at the beguining, was only a crazy posibility, and now its almost coming true.	The idea of moving to Great Britain and to study there, in the beginning, was only a crazy possibility and now it's almost coming true.
God, I just cant believe it.	I just can't believe it!
my curriculum part ONe	my curriculum part ONe
NAME: xxxxxxxxxx 	NAME: xxxxxxxxxx 
PROFILE: 	PROFILE: 
The main reasons why I think I could be a good tour manager are my ability to react quickly to unexpected problems, which allow me to provide creative solutions to any kind of trouble, either working alone or being part of a team, my sociable and  outgoing personality and my great capacity of self-improvement.	The main reasons why I think I could be a good tour manager are my ability to react quickly to unexpected problems, which allow me to provide creative solutions to any kind of trouble, either working alone or being part of a team, my sociable and  outgoing personality and my great capacity of self-improvement.
PROFESIONAL EXPERIENCE:	PROFESIONAL EXPERIENCE:
June-September 2009: Concert coordinator Second Assistant: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx	June-September 2009: Concert coordinator Second Assistant: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The job consisted on helping the concert and events coordinator on a variety of tasks focused on the organization of events, such as:	The job consisted on helping the concert and events coordinator on a variety of tasks focused on the organization of events, such as:
• Helping with the programation, planification and slotting of concerts	• Helping with the programation, planification and slotting of concerts
• Liaising with the bands	• Liaising with the bands
• Dealing with some basic technical tasks	• Dealing with some basic technical tasks
• Organising some aspects of promotion and advertising	• Organising some aspects of promotion and advertising
• Trying to create a confortable and warm ambient for both the public and the bands	• Trying to create a confortable and warm ambient for both the public and the bands
During this period working on a night club I consolidate my organization abilities and my comunicative skills.	During this period working on a night club I consolidate my organization abilities and my comunicative skills.
It was also a great oportinity to develop my capability of response: I learned how to solve problems quickly and apropriately and how to avoid going blank, and I  started to wotk alone and to take my own initiatives and carry it out sucessfully.	It was also a great oportinity to develop my capability of response: I learned how to solve problems quickly and apropriately and how to avoid going blank, and I  started to wotk alone and to take my own initiatives and carry it out sucessfully.
Michael Cunningham.	Michael Cunningham.
From my point of view, Michael Cunningham is one of the best american writters ever.	From my point of view, Michael Cunningham is one of the best american writters ever.
Since his first novel, (A home at the end of the world) he has showed to both public and literary criticism his delicate and powerful harmony: he is able to mix tenderly with sex, complexe psichologycal characters with simple actions of cotidian life, bravery with the most commom human fears, he is able to create a strange and wonderful but completely full of human emotion universe.	Since his first novel, (A home at the end of the world) he has showed to both public and literary criticism his delicate and powerful harmony: he is able to mix tenderly with sex, complexe psichologycal characters with simple actions of cotidian life, bravery with the most commom human fears, he is able to create a strange and wonderful but completely full of human emotion universe.
Consumate expert in literature, he is not afraid of mixing and exploring the personal world of another writters with his own imaginary universe.	Consumate expert in literature, he is not afraid of mixing and exploring the personal world of another writters with his own imaginary universe.
First in The Hours, making a complexe and poetic recontruction of Virginia Woolf last days, combined with the lives of another women who, although they were not marvel writters as Virginia, they have the same feeling of anxiety and fear,  the feeling of being prisioners in a society which was not sensible enough to can understand them.	First in The Hours, making a complex and poetic recontruction of Virginia Woolf last days, combined with the lives of another women who, although they were not marvel writers as Virginia, they have the same feeling of anxiety and fear, the feeling of being prisoners in a society which was not sensible enough to understand them.
Them, in Specimen Days, he chooses Walt Withman aa  muse, and he show us how can poetry can save us, with his particular and ashtonishing mix of lost, maybe perverse but always delicate characters.	Them, in Specimen Days, he chooses Walt Withman aa  muse, and he show us how can poetry can save us, with his particular and ashtonishing mix of lost, maybe perverse but always delicate characters.
Michael Cunningham is the writter who best explains in a poetic way how is the human condiction: the feeling of uncomprehension, the pass fo time, the lost of control, the madness, the love, the poetry.	Michael Cunningham is the writter who best explains in a poetic way how is the human condiction: the feeling of uncomprehension, the pass fo time, the lost of control, the madness, the love, the poetry.
a short tale	a short tale
_Aléq?	_Aléq?
_Yeah?	_Yeah?
_Sorry, I’ve changed my mind.	_Sorry, I’ve changed my mind.
I’d like something to drink, if you don’t mind.	I’d like something to drink, if you don’t mind.
_Of course.	_Of course.
Tell me	Tell me what.
_ Do you have milk?	_ Do you have milk?
Cold milk?	Cold milk?
Cold milk, she said.	Cold milk, she said.
I left Pía on the sofa, taking out her gloves.	I left Pía on the sofa, taking off her gloves.
When I returned  from the kitchen with a glass of milk in my hand, she was sleeping.	When I returned  from the kitchen with a glass of milk in my hand, she was sleeping.
She has done it because she will never let me see her instant of vulnerability, whe she was between dream and wakefulness.	She fell asleep because she will never let me see her vulnerable side, when she's between sleepiness and wakefulness.
She will never allow me to see the real Pía.	She will never allow me to see the real Pía.
Her hair was spreading all along the sofa.	Her hair was spread out all along the sofa.
Her wonderfull green eyebrown, her fierceful deep green hair.	Her wonderful green eyebrows, her fierce deep green hair. I dunno how hair can be fierce, but hey
Behind the cotton of her underwear, Pía’s pussy was also as green as wet leaves	Behind the cotton of her underwear, Pía’s pussy was also as green as wet leaves.
She was as pure and high as a mountain, with her pale pink summer dress.	She was as pure and tall as a mountain, with her pale pink summer dress.  "High as a mountain" makes it seem like she's crazy high on drugs.
I thought to myself I would like she waked up and shared with me her glass of milk, but, of course, she didn’t do.	I thought to myself that I would like for her to wake up and share her glass of milk with me, but, of course, she didn’t do it.
3 guys, 1 song :)	3 guys, 1 song :)
Well, I have no doubt that Glue (the Neutral Milk Hotel version, not the original from the Gerbils, sorry) its a wonderful song.	Well, I have no doubt that Glue (the Neutral Milk Hotel version, not the original from the Gerbils, sorry)is a wonderful song.
Maybe one of that songs which can save a life, as David Bowie’s Life in Mars or the wonderfull, unconparable version of Leonard Cohen’s Hallellujah by Jeff Buckely.	Maybe one of that songs which can save a life,like David Bowie’s Life in Mars or the wonderful, uncomparable version of Leonard Cohen’s Hallelujah by Jeff Buckely.
Glue belong to this kind of songs which can make you believe, even in a terrible moment, that life is something painful but beautiful.	Glue belongs to the group of songs which can make you believe, even in a terrible moment, that life is something painful but beautiful.
If you can understand this incredible song, if you can understand its honesty, the corageous and, at the same time, naive way in which the song tell you, in the most simple an direct words, how does fear and love work like, then, my god, the world is yours 	If you can understand this incredible song. If you can understand its honesty,the courageousand at the same time naive way in which the song tells you, in the most simple and direct words, how fear and love works , then, my god, the world is yours 
I think it was the last summer when I was spending my day with some close and dear friends, also as music fanatic as me, lying down in the garden, under the sun.	I think it was last summer, I was spending my day with some close and dear friends, they are also as musically fanatic as me. We were lying down in the garden, under the sun.
We were talking about this song, about what was the exactly meaning of the lyrics.	We were talking about this song, about what was the exactly meaning of the lyrics.
Leo told that he has read  it was a song about drugs.	Leo said that he had read it was a song about drugs.
Well, he told us that there is a lot of songs and poems who were writen on that way, hiding something inside.	Well, he told us that thereare a lot of songs and poemsthat were written in this way, hiding something inside.
Bob Dylan ‘s Mr Tambourine Man’ is not a song about a musician, its about a drug dealer.	Bob Dylan ‘s Mr Tambourine Man’ is not a song about a musician, its about a drug dealer.
He explained us that the narrator in the song is not speaking about a girl, is speaking about his relationships with drugs, the only thing which can save and help him when he is alone and locked inside his fears.	He explained to us that the singer of the song is not speaking about a girl but is speaking about his relationships with drugs, the only thing which can save and help him when he is alone and locked inside his fears.
So, he added, thats why he says at the end on the song “and I will scream, she hears me/I will tell myself she loves me/and all the lies and fears will stick to me like glue.	So, he added, thats why he says at the end on the song “and I will scream, she hears me/I will tell myself she loves me/and all the lies and fears will stick to me like glue.
_Come on, guys, he is speaking about being hoked up in drugs.	_Come on, guys! He is speaking about being hooked up on drugs.
Every time he feels sick, or tired, or sad, he takes shelter into drugs, but he also knows that doin it is saving and hurting him, thats why he said all the lies and fears will stick to me like glue.	Every time he feels sick, or tired, or sad, he takes shelter into drugs, but he also knows that doin it is saving and hurting him, thats why he said all the lies and fears will stick to me like glue.
God, even the referente to the glue is so evient.	God, even the referente to the glue is so evient.
_No way!_ said my friend Kess_ You dont have heart, you dont  have feeling, its a song about love, about how love can protect you from your own fears but give you a lot of new ones.	_No way!_ said my friend Kess_ You dont have a heart, you dont have feelings, its a song about love, about how love can not only protect you from your own fears but also give you a lot of new ones. 
He is telling us abut a girl, he is making a perfect portrait of the girl he loves: She comes whenever he needs her, but she also take drugs, she also leaves the room, she aslo lies.	He is telling us about a girl, he is making a perfect portrait of the girl he loves: She comes whenever he needs her, but she also takes drugs, she also leaves the room, she aslo lies.
And he is afraid, everybody who is in love is afraid.	And he is afraid, everybody who is in love is afraid.
But the importante part of the story is that, in spite of their being scared, they are together with all their fears, sharing the love and sharing the drugs and sharing their fears.	But the important part of the story is that, in spite of them being scared, they are together with all their fears, sharing the love and sharing the drugs and sharing their fears.
Thats was made her love so beautiful and real which can smell like glue.	Thats was what made her love so beautiful and real which can smell like glue. !
Its one of the most beatiful love song ever, because shows both parts of love, not Orly the beautiful, sweet one.	Its one of the most beatiful love song ever because shows both parts of love, not only the beautiful, sweet one.
_Hey, what about you, girl?	_Hey, what about you, girl?
_ Leo asked me _ What do you thing about the song, love or drugs?	_ Leo asked me _ What do you thing about the song, love or drugs?
_Hey, wop cares?	_Hey, who cares?
There is a lot of possible explations, and guys, I believe all of them.	There is a lot of possible explainations, and guys, I believe all of them.
So, shut up and let me enjoy the song.	So, shut up and let me enjoy the song.
FOR THE FUTURE:	FOR THE FUTURE:
Strategic Planning:	Strategic Planning:
Last july, a select group of TECNOFARMA made our Strategic Plann to 2011- 2016.	Last July, a select group of TECNOFARMA representatives outlined our Strategic Plan for 2011- 2016.
Also developed: Mission, Vision, Values, Strengths, weaknesses, threats and opportunities for  the company:	Themes that were developed included Mission, Vision, Values, Strengths, Weaknesses, Threats and Opportunities for the company.
Mission:	Mission:
We are a pharmaceutical company dedicated to the care of the health, shaped,(¿conformada?) by profesional team that overcomes the expectations of his custumers, offering products and innovative services of quality for the Peruvian Population.	We are a pharmaceutical company dedicated to healthcare, consisting of a professional team that surpasses the expectations of its customers, offering a variety of products and innovative, quality services for the Peruvian Population.
Vision:	Vision:
To be the company number one of the pharmaceuticals peruvian market, profitable and  socially responsable.	To be the number one company in the Peruvian pharmaceutical market, profitable and socially responsible,
Integrated by an innovative and compromised team orientated to the customers.	Integrated with an innovative, dedicated and customer-oriented team.
Values:	Values:
Leadership: We influence positively in the persons.	Leadership: We strive to exert a positive influence on our clients.
Integrity: We are honest, transparent and responsable in everything what we do.	Integrity: We are honest, transparent and responsible in everything what we do.
Teamwork: We join forces and knowledge for the achievement of our aims.	Teamwork: We combine our forces and knowledge for the achievement of our goals.
Innovation: We are stewards (¿hacedores?) with  spirit creativly and enterprising.	Innovation: We are doers with a creative and enterprising spirit.
Commitment: We feel and considers to the company as part of our projetc of life	Commitment: We feel that the company and its projects are a part of our lives.
Passion: We put intensity, feeling and courage in everything what we do.	Passion: We put intensity, feeling and courage into everything that we do.
Respect: We treat equitable all the persons.	Respect: We treat all persons with equity.
Austerity: We take care of assigned resources, giving them  a rational and profitable use.	Austerity: We are responsible with assigned resources, putting them to reasonable and profitable use.
In additions we agree an strategic aims for the next five years:	In addition, we agree on our strategic aims for the next five years:
Sales: Increase  of one hundred percent in the next five  year.	Sales: Increase of one hundred percent in the next five  years.
Market Share Values, (IMS): To be inside one or three company with a market share dont less to six percent, (6%).	Market Share Values, (IMS): To be inside one or three company with a market share dont less to six percent, (6%).
Market Share Prescriptions,(CLOSE UP): To be inside one or three company with a market share dont less to five point six percent, (5.6%).	Market Share Prescriptions,(CLOSE UP): To be inside one or three company with a market share dont less to five point six percent, (5.6%).
I am very optimistic in the future, we have a good professionals team, very competitive and with desire of growing inside the company and the most important:  the best products, the best sinergy for anything general manager.	I am very optimistic about the future, we have a good professional team, are very competitive and have a desire to see growth inside the company. Most importantly, we strive to have the best products, and the best synergy for anything general manager.
other pages from my website (please correct my English)	other pages from my website (please correct my English)
“ESTIMATES” (title of the page)	“ESTIMATES” (title of the page)
Translation rates are calculated according to the following parameters:	Translation rates are calculated according to the following parameters:
Number of words of the original document	Number of words of the original document
Urgency of the project	Urgency of the project
The format of the text to be translated	The format of the text to be translated
If you need an estimate, you can fill in the form available in the Contact section of this website and send me the document so that I can proceed to evaluate it.	If you need an estimate, you can fill in the form available in the Contact section of this website and send me the document so that I can proceed to evaluate it.
Afterwards, I will send you a copy of the estimate and depending on the cost, you can decide if you accept it or not.	I will send you an estimate, after which you may decide whether or not to go ahead with the work.
Note: No estimates will be delivered without seeing the original document.	Note: No estimates will be delivered without my seeing the original document.
[The following part is an Microsoft Excel table with three columns: first column 	[The following part is an Microsoft Excel table with three columns: first column 
"PASE's services, second column: details, third column: rates]	"PASE's services, second column: details, third column: rates]
I.	I.
Translations 	Translations 
Details	Details
1-Rate per source word in text editable format (i.	1-Rate per source word in text editable format (i.
e.	e.
Word)[EN < ES] €0.05 / $0.06 USD	Word)[EN < ES] €0.05 / $0.06 USD
2-Rate per source word in non-editable format (.	2-Rate per source word in non-editable format (.
pdf, .	pdf, .
jpg) [EN < ES] €0.06 / $0.08 USD	jpg) [EN < ES] €0.06 / $0.08 USD
3-Rate per source word in editable format: (doc, .	3-Rate per source word in editable format: (doc, .
txt) [ES < EN] €0.06 / $0.07 USD	txt) [ES < EN] €0.06 / $0.07 USD
4-Rate per source word in non-editable format (.	4-Rate per source word in non-editable format (.
pdf, .	pdf, .
jpg) [ES < EN] €0.07 / $0.09 USD	jpg) [ES < EN] €0.07 / $0.09 USD
II.	II.
Revising and Editing 	Revising and Editing 
Details                        	Details                        
1-Rate per revised and edited text (percentage to define the rate depends on the format of the words): 30-40 per cent of the total value of the words	1-Rate for revision and editing of text: 30-40 per cent of the total asking price for the main work (percentage to define the rate depends on the text format )
III.	III.
English Classes	English Classes
Details: 1-Rate per hour €12 / $17 USD	Details: 1-Rate per hour €12 / $17 USD
IV.	IV.
Transcripts	Transcripts
Details: 1-Rate per page €0.54 / $0.74 USD	Details: 1-Rate per page €0.54 / $0.74 USD
V.	V.
Subtitling:         	Subtitling:         
Details: 1-Rate per word [EN< ES, ES < EN] €0.08 / $0.11 USD	Details: 1-Rate per word [EN< ES, ES < EN] €0.08 / $0.11 USD
VI.	VI.
Web translation / localization	Web translation / localization
Details:	Details:
1-Rate per source word (both language combinations: same as translations	1-Rate per source word (both language combinations: same as translations
2-Rate per source word (+localization: user interfaces, menus, graphics editing, URLs) €0.08 / $0.11 USD	2-Rate per source word (+localization: user interfaces, menus, graphics editing, URLs) €0.08 / $0.11 USD
“ASSOCIATES” (title of another page)	“ASSOCIATES” (title of another page)
Official webmaster 	Official webmaster 
Development Engineer of Traduccionespase.	Development Engineer of Traduccionespase.
com (Traducciones PASE)	com (Traducciones PASE)
Other associates to be added soon.	Other associates to be added soon.
“CONTACT” (title of another page)	“CONTACT” (title of another page)
For queries, please complete the form on the right or send me an email with your company information and the deadline for the document.	For queries, please complete the form on the right or send me an email with your company information and the deadline for the document.
Name:	Name:
Mail:	Mail:
Contact Phone:	Contact Phone:
Company name:	Company name:
Service: Translation, Revision and Edition, English Classes, Transcripts, Subtitling, Web localization.	Service: Translation, Revision and Edition, English Classes, Transcripts, Subtitling, Web localization.
Query: 	Query: 
Language Combinations:	Language Combinations:
English > Spanish	English > Spanish
Spanish > English	Spanish > English
Deadline:	Deadline:
Document(s) to be translated:	Document(s) to be translated:
Bottons: Send  Reset	Bottons: Send  Reset
one sentence left from the previous post	one sentence left from the previous post
In addition, the Federal Government shall promote and support the building of infrastructure at the field level in order to preserve the balance of moisture, in favour of those who exploit all available water resources.	In addition, the Federal Government shall promote and support the building of infrastructure at the field level in order to preserve the balance of moisture, in favour of those who exploit all available water resources.
For such purpose, the Federal Government shall agree with the state governments and the user organizations managing districts as well as irrigation and drainage units, the investment for the modernization of inter-farm infrastructure, promote private and social participation in water works as well as technically and financially support producers that may require it in order to improve irrigation efficiency at the farm level.	For such purpose, the Federal Government shall agree with the state governments as well as user organizations managing districts and irrigation and drainage units in regards to investment for the modernization of inter-farm infrastructure and promotion of private and social participation in water works, and shall technically and financially support producers that may require it in order to improve irrigation efficiency at the farm level.
ABT / Graduate in Master in translation	ABT / A Master's in Translation
Currently, I have completed all the courses from my Master in Translation Program.	Currently, I have completed all the courses from my Master in Translation Program.
Yet, I dont' own my degree yet, because I haven't sit my last exam.	Yet, I haven't received my degree yet, because I haven't taken my last exam.
In Spanish, we call to this condition "Egresado", however, I'm not sure how do you say this in English.	In Spanish, we call to this condition "Egresado", however, I'm not sure how you say this in English.
Most dictionaries say that I should use "graduate", but I don't have my degree yet.	Most dictionaries say that I should use "graduate", but I don't have my degree yet.
I heard other translators say that they should use "A.	I heard other translators say that they should use "A.
B.	B.
T", which means "All but Thesis", but I have my doubts whether it is used or not.	T", which stands for "All but Thesis", but I have my doubts as to whether it is used or not.
Can you help me, please?	Can you help me, please?
I'm translating a website in which I offer my services in English. I need correction. Thanks in advance	I'm translating a website in which I offer my services in English. I need correction. Thanks in advance
Services	Services
Translation	Translation
Translation is much more than simply transferring the contents of a text into another language.	Translation involves much more than simple transcription in which the content of a text written in it's original language is produced word by word in a different language.
Translation is much more than simply transferring the contents of a text into another language.	Translation involves much more than simple word-for-word transcription of the content of a text into a different language.
The translator has to always seek the most accurate terms from reliable sources and always revise, correct and edit the text in order to assure the quality of the translation.	The translator must always seek the most accurate terms from reliable sources and diligently revise, correct and edit his work in order to ensure the highest quality of translation.
Revising and Editing 	Revising and Editing 
While revising and editing are part of the translation process, I can also revise and edit texts already translated by other translators and people that might not be specialized in translation.	While revising and editing are part of the translation process, I can also revise and edit texts already translated by other translators and people that might not be specialized in translation. Perhaps restructure this to say:While revising and editing are part of the translation process, I am also willing to revise and edit translations of texts that have either been translated by other translators already, or have been written by people who may not have a specialty in translation.
While revising and editing are part of the translation process, I can also revise and edit texts already translated by other translators and people that might not be specialized in translation.	While revising and editing are already inherent in the translation process, I can also revise and edit the work of other translators including non-specialists.
Both services are charged as if they were a translation, representing 30 to 40 per cent of its total cost.	The charge for both services is the same as what I charge for one translation. This represents 30 to 40 percent of the total cost.
Both services are charged as if they were a translation, representing 30 to 40 per cent of its total cost.	Both services are included in the price of translation, representing thirty to forty per cent of the total cost.
The aspects that are both revised and edited include: spelling, grammar, writing and specialized terminology.	*Aspects of the texts that I will both revise and edit include:* that are both revised and edited include: spelling, grammar, *written structure* writing and *any use of* specialized terminology.
The aspects that are both revised and edited include: spelling, grammar, writing and specialized terminology.	Aspects of a text which I can revise and edit include: spelling, grammar, writing and specialized terminology.
In addition, it is important to ensure that the text is consistent, always maintaining the fluency in reading and the thematic progression.	In addition, it is important to ensure that the text is consistent, *that it always maintains* *the fluency in reading,... I'm not sure what you intended to say here* and *accurately upholds* the thematic progression *evident in the original content*.
In addition, it is important to ensure that the text is consistent, always maintaining the fluency in reading and the thematic progression.	In addition, it is important to ensure that the text is consistent, maintaining the maximum degree of fluidity and logical thematic progression throughout.
What difference between revising and editing?	What *is the difference between* revising and editing?
What difference between revising and editing?	What is difference between revising and editing?
First of all, revising can be performed by more than one person.	First of all, revision may be performed by more than one person.
The reviser's job is to correct superficial errors, such as spelling and grammar mistakes, as well as the language and the layout of the text.	The reviser's task is to correct superficial errors, such as spelling and grammar mistakes, as well as smooth out the language and the layout of the text.
On the other hand, the editor's job is to make sure that an already formatted text does not contain these kinds of errors.	On the other hand, the editor's job is to ensure that the revised text does not preserve any such errors.
S/he also has to make sure that the terminology and the style are consistent throughout the text, to adapt certain expressions that may be considered unsuitable for the target audience, and, of course, to make sure there are no contradictions or ambiguities within the text.	One also sees to it that the terminology and style are consistent throughout the text, to adapt the style and level of language to the target audience, and, of course, to make sure there are no contradictions or ambiguities within the text.
almost ready with webpage (please correct my English)	almost ready with webpage (please correct my English)
“SITEMAP” (title of this page)	“SITEMAP” (title of this page)
Home: This is the welcome and homepage of Traducciones PASE (PASE Translations) that introduces the visitor to our website.	Home: This is the welcome and homepage of Traducciones PASE (PASE Translations) that introduces the visitor to our website.
About me: In this section, you will find a description about my professional profile and a brief summary of my work experience	About me: In this section, you will find my professional profile and a brief summary of my work experience
Services:  An accurate description of the services offered in this website	Services: An accurate description of the services offered on this website
Portfolio:  A brief sample of my works as a translator	Portfolio:  A brief sample of my works as a translator
Estimates:  This section contains the rates of reference that are associated with each service offered on the site.	Estimates: This section contains the rates of reference that are associated with each service offered on the site.
Associates: A brief description relating to my professional associates.	Associates: Brief profiles of my professional associates.
Contact: A page where you can find my contact details and/or request an estimate for a particular service.	Contact: A page where you can find my contact details and/or request an estimate for a particular service.
"PORTFOLIO”	"PORTFOLIO”
In this section, I provide a sample of the work I have done as a freelance translator.	In this section, I provide a sample of the work I have done as a freelance translator.
Translation	Translation
Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry [EN < ES]	Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry [EN < ES]
Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]	Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]
Revision and Editing	Revision and Editing
To be added soon…	To be added soon…
Audio and Video Transcripts	Audio and Video Transcripts
Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry [EN < ES]	Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry [EN < ES]
Subtitling	Subtitling
To be added soon…	To be added soon…
Web translation / localization	Web translation / localization
To be added soon…	To be added soon…
Links of interest (hay que sincronizar los URLs como correspondería an algunos casos)	Links of interest (hay que sincronizar los URLs como correspondería an algunos casos)
Proz: translation workplace	Proz: translation workplace
Merriam Webster Dictionary	Merriam Webster Dictionary
Eur-Lex: Search specific terms from parallel texts through the Access to European Law	Eur-Lex: Search specific terms from parallel texts through the Access to European Law
UNICEF: Search	UNICEF: Search
World Bank: Term search	World Bank: Term search
UNTERM: Term search	UNTERM: Term search
IATE: Inter-Active Terminology for Europe	IATE: Inter-Active Terminology for Europe
World Trade Organization	World Trade Organization
World Health Organization	World Health Organization
Babylon Free Online Dictionary	Babylon Free Online Dictionary
Word Magic Translation Dictionary	Word Magic Translation Dictionary
“PORTFOLIO” 1 (Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry)	“PORTFOLIO” SAMPLE 1 (Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry)
Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry	Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry
Description: Frank Zephyr, Associate Professor of Latin American History at Stanford, presents interdisciplinary Environmental Venture Project research on rapidly changing attitudes and practices in the aquaculture industry of Chile, sponsored in part by the Woods Institute for the Environment.	Description: Frank Zephyr, Associate Professor of Latin American History at Stanford, presents interdisciplinary Environmental Venture Project research on rapidly changing attitudes and practices in the aquaculture industry of Chile, sponsored in part by the Woods Institute for the Environment.
(this part is an excerpt from youtube, so it is should be OK, because it's the original text).	(this part is an excerpt from youtube, so it is should be OK, because it's the original text).
Transcript Excerpt: 12:50 a 13:52.	Transcript Excerpt: 12:50 a 13:52.
English text transcript (source)  Spanish text transcript (target)	English text transcript (source)  Spanish text transcript (target)
“PORTFOLIO” 2 Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]	“PORTFOLIO” SAMPLE 2 Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]
Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]	Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]
Description: Excerpt from a document about the program “Chile Crece Contigo” (Chile Grows With You).	Description: Excerpt from a document about the program “Chile Crece Contigo” (Chile Grows With You).
CHAPTER XII: Risk Management II	CHAPTER XII: Risk Management II
Article 129.-  The Federal Government, involving the premises deemed necessary by the President of the Republic, shall creat a fund managed and operated with social equity criteria, in order to attend the rural population affected by climate contingencies.	Article 129.- The Federal Government, in accordance with the premises deemed necessary by the President of the Republic, shall create a fund managed and operated with social equity criteria, in order to attend to the rural population affected by climate contingencies.
Based on the resources of that fund, and with the involvement of the state governments, the affected producers shall be supported in order to deal with the negative effects of climate contingencies and reintegrate them into production.	Based on the resources of that fund, and with the involvement of the state governments, the affected producers shall be supported in order to deal with the negative effects of climate contingencies and reintegrate them into production.
In addition to this fund, public funds from the Federal Government and the states shall be added when appropriate, together with the funds for capacity-building programs.	In addition to this fund, public funds from the Federal Government and the states shall be added when appropriate, together with the funds for capacity-building programs.
Article 130.- In order to reduce the accident rates and the vulneraibility of productive units when faced to climate contingencies, the Inter-Secretarial Commission, in coordination with the state governments, shall set productive re-conversion programs in regions affected by recurrent natural disasters and low productivity.	Article 130.- In order to reduce the accident rates and the vulneraibility of productive units when faced with climate contingencies, the Inter-Secretarial Commission, in coordination with the state governments, shall set up productive re-conversion programs in regions affected by recurrent natural disasters and low productivity.
Article 131.-  The Federal Government shall formulate and keep the Risk Chart  on water basins updated, in order to set the disaster prevention programs, which shall include soil and water conservation works as well as flood managemen	Article 131.- The Federal Government shall formulate and keep the Risk Chart on water basins updated, in order to set in place the disaster prevention programs, which shall include soil and water conservation works as well as flood management.
CHAPTER XII: Risk Management	CHAPTER XII: Risk Management
Article 124.-  The Inter-Secretarial Commission shall promote a technological change by encouraging Risk Sharing Schemes with producers and other agents from the rural industry, providing their respective departments with the necessary public instruments and resources.	Article 124.- The Inter-Secretarial Commission shall promote technological change by encouraging Risk Sharing Schemes among producers and other agents in the rural industry, providing their respective departments with the necessary public instruments and resources.
In addition, it will promote a differentiated support scheme for the less developed areas of the country.	In addition, it will promote a differentiated support scheme for the less developed areas of the country.
Article 125.- The Federal Government shall encourage support to the producer that contribute to cover the benefits of risk and market assurance.	Article 125.- The Federal Government shall encourage support of the producer that contributes to covering the benefits of risk and market assurance.
The economic support will be delivered as a priority through mutual organizations or insurance funds created by producers and the insurance companies of producers.	Priority will be given to the delivery of economic support through mutual organizations or insurance funds created by producers and their insurance companies .
Article  126.-  The Federal Government shall target the development of private, mutual benefit insurance and price coverage services to producers and other agents from the rural society in the management of risks inherent to farming activities in the rural industry.	Article 126.- The Federal Government shall target with the development of private, mutual benefit insurance and price coverage services the producers and other agents of the rural society in the management of risks inherent to farming activities in the rural industry.
The insurance service shall include the instruments for production risk coverage and climate and health contingencies, apart from being supplemented by instruments to manage exchange rate risks, market risks and capital-loss risk in the event of natural disasters, in order to provide producers with greater capacity to manage the relevant risk in the economic activity of the industry.	The insurance service shall include the instruments for production risk coverage and climate and health contingencies, in addition to being supplemented by instruments to manage exchange rate risks, market risks and capital-loss risk in the event of natural disasters, in order to provide producers with greater capacity to manage the relevant risks in the economic activity of the industry.
Article 127.-  The Inter-Secretarial Commission shall promote, with the participation of state governments and the social and private sectors, the use of instruments to manage production and market risks.	Article 127.-  The Inter-Secretarial Commission shall promote, with the participation of state governments and the social and private sectors, the use of instruments to manage production and market risks.
In order to improve the access of producers to the insurance service and achieve wider institutional coverage, the Inter-Secretarial Commission will encourage the economic organizations of producers to obtain leading support for the development and functioning of insurance funds and mutual benefit schemes, as well as the involvement in financing funds, investment funds, and the management of other risks.	In order to improve the access of producers to the insurance service and achieve wider institutional coverage, the Inter-Secretarial Commission will encourage the economic organizations of producers to obtain leading support for the development and functioning of insurance funds and mutual benefit schemes, as well as involvement in financing funds, investment funds, and the management of other risks.
Similarly, the Commission will also encourage the use of price coverage, including exchange rates in the futures markets.	Similarly, the Commission will encourage the use of price coverage, including exchange rates in future markets.
Article 128.-  The Inter-Secretarial Commission will promote a program for the formation of mutual organizations and insurance funds with self-insurance functions under the relevant laws, in order to facilitate the access of producers to the insurance service and to generalize thei coverage .	Article 128.- The Inter-Secretarial Commission will promote a program for the formation of mutual organizations and insurance funds with self-insurance functions under the relevant laws, in order to facilitate the access of producers to the insurance service and to generalize their coverage .
In addition, it shall encourage the development of specialized entities for producers to manage price coverage and the provision of the inherent specialized services.	In addition, it shall encourage the development of specialized entities for producers to manage price coverage and the provision of the inherent specialized services.
Other services from my website in English. I need correction. Thanks in advance	Other services from my website in English. I need correction. Thanks in advance
English classes	English classes
Depending on the client’s needs, I can teach English in many different levels, both through private and group lessons.	Depending on the client’s needs, I can teach English at many different levels, through both private and group lessons.
Audio and video transcripts	Audio and video transcripts
I can provide Spanish-English and English-Spanish transcripts in any field of study (both standard and technical) from videos or audio files (DVD, CD, Cassettes, MP3 and so on).	I can transcribe audio and video recordings and also provide translated transcripts in both Spanish and English, regardless of the nature or technicality of the material.
The rate and the delivery time will depend on the length of the work (value per sheet).	The rate and delivery time will depend upon the length of the material (charged per sheet).
Subtitling	Subtitling
Subtitling involves inserting text on the lower (or upper depending on the context) part of the screen so that the audience can understand what people who speak a language different from their own are saying.	Subtitling involves the addition of translated text to a video, which can be displayed in the lower (or sometimes upper) part of the screen during playback.
Web translation/localization 	Web translation/localization 
Your website can be a key marketing tool for your business aspirations.	Your website can be a key marketing tool for your business aspirations.
As a result, a Multilanguage website is needed to consolidate the position of your business on the Internet.	As a result, a multilingual website is needed to consolidate the position of your business on the Internet.
Web translation or localization involves ensuring that all content and format (dates, currencies, logos, symbols, icons and so on) of a website are customized so that it is suitable for a market that speaks a different language from a linguistic and cultural perspective.	Web translation or localization involves ensuring that all content on a website is adapted to the foreign market from both a linguistic and cultural perspective -- including date and currency formats, as well as text on logos, symbols and icons.
My translation/localization services include translating all written text (on screen), make all the format changed needed to ensure that links and their respective URLs work properly.	My translation and localization services include translating all user-accessible text, as well as making any formatting changes necessary to the correct functioning of hyperlinks and their destination URLs.
For this matter, it is essential to be aware of the cultural differences between the source and target cultures.	For this matter, it is essential to be aware of the cultural differences between the source and target cultures.
In/At/On correction	In/At/On correction
Hi, 	Hi, 
I am writing some math's stuff but I am not sure what is the correct one:	I am writing a bit about math and I am not sure which one is correct:
"At the bottom/top of the rectangle"	"At the bottom/top of the rectangle"
"In the bottom/top of the rectangle"	"In the bottom/top of the rectangle"
"On the bottom/top of the rectangle"	"On the bottom/top of the rectangle"
For example If I want to say:	For example If I want to say:
1 - Draw a blue rectangle.	1 - Draw a blue rectangle.
2 - Draw a red rectangle on top of the blue rectangle 	2 - Draw a red rectangle of the same size on top of the blue rectangle 
(The meaning os this should be that: blue rect's upper border line should coincide with red rect's lower border line)	(The meaning os this should be that: blue rect's upper border line should coincide with red rect's lower border line)
3 - Draw a gren rectangle at the bottom of blue rectangle	3 - Draw a green rectangle of the same size underneath the blue rectangle.
(The meaning of this should be that: green rect's upper border line should coincide with blue rect's lower border line)	(The meaning of this should be that: green rect's upper border line should coincide with blue rect's lower border line)
Is this correct?	Is this correct?
I would appreciate your advices, 	Any advice would be appreciated.
Ignacio	Ignacio
Pressure >.<	Pressure >.<
No puedo escapar a toda la presion...	No puedo escapar a toda la presion...
(I can`t hold on)	(I can`t hold on)
he dejado muchas cosas, me arrepiento.	he dejado muchas cosas, me arrepiento.
(I can`t believe, that i have done)	(I can`t believe, that i have done)
y no he concluido nada aún.	y no he concluido nada aún.
>.<	>.<
(I try so hard...)	(I try so hard...)
pero debo seguir, aún asi debo seguir.	pero debo seguir, aún asi debo seguir.
(I wish...	(I wish...
never give up *.*)GO!	never give up *.*)GO!
*.*  free time? what it's free time?	*.*  free time? what it's free time?
*.*	*.*
i haven't time to do so much things >_<	i haven't time to do so much things >_<
offten, before the University, i have some time but, now i'm full time occupied with my job, the U, my home, mi girlfriend *.*, my friends...	offten, before the University, i have some time but, now i'm full time occupied with my job, the U, my home, mi girlfriend *.*, my friends...
by the way, i have been playing football with them when we have been in free time xD, and that is god for my health, (i consider that i lost maybe 10 pounds at start the U), well, i wish can divide me by 4 to do all i have to do every day, and i want to write more in english and write some in japanese, but the same thing is happening to other people, are full time bussy like me xD.	by the way, i have been playing football with them when we have been in free time xD, and that is god for my health, (i consider that i lost maybe 10 pounds at start the U), well, i wish can divide me by 4 to do all i have to do every day, and i want to write more in english and write some in japanese, but the same thing is happening to other people, are full time bussy like me xD.
it's good to know that there is people that read this and have some fun reading and correcting...	it's good to know that there is people that read this and have some fun reading and correcting...
i have it writing xD thanks friends.	i have it writing xD thanks friends.
:D	:D
Otra semana, another second	Otra Semana, Another Second Or: Another Week, Another Second.
The time seems don't to have end T.	Time seems to have no end.
T	T
and we are traped in...	And we are trapped.
we just have a little, little.....	We have just a few seconds to see
second	second
to see, what the time is in our lifes 	the time in our lives go by,
and dont understand...	and we don’t understand.
SPANISH SONGS: EL MUNDO TRAS EL CRISTAL	SPANISH SONGS: EL MUNDO TRAS EL CRISTAL
Hi!!!	Hi!!!
Today, I was thinking in a spanish song (this is usually in me) when I´d got an idea: "I´ll write the song´s lyric in English!" So I´m translating now xD	Today, I was thinking in a spanish song (this is usually in me) when I´d got an idea: "I´ll write the song´s lyric in English!" So I´m translating now xD
My first song is "El mundo tras el cristal", by "La Guardia".	My first song is "El mundo tras el cristal", by "La Guardia".
"La Guardia" is an old musical group, but their songs are fantastics.	"La Guardia" is an old musical group, but their songs are fantastics.
This song is about a teenager girl that never has been in love, so she don´t find the sense of the life.	This song is about a teenager girl that never has been in love, so she don´t find the sense of the life.
I think that it´s very beauritful, because it show  the situation of a lot of teenagers that don´t find their place.	I think that it´s very beauritful, because it show  the situation of a lot of teenagers that don´t find their place.
This web incluyed the spanish lyrics, and the pictures are very ilustratives.	This web incluyed the spanish lyrics, and the pictures are very ilustratives.
8D	8D
Here is the english lyrics:	Here is the english lyrics:
Letters in the drawer and no one of love	Letters in the drawer and no one of love
A prince charming never went pass by your life	A prince charming never went pass by your life
You look past hours opposite the television	You look past hours opposite the television
The phone is slept in some corner	The phone is slept in some corner
That record that turn around without rest	That record that turn around without rest
That music that you wouldn´t can forget	That music that you wouldn´t can forget
you wouldn´t can forget	you wouldn´t can forget
Talk to me of your dark bedroom	Talk to me of your dark bedroom
of your nights without sleep, of your warmth	of your nights without sleep, of your warmth
Call to me and with you i´m going to be	Call to me and with you i´m going to be
don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know	don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know
You know that something go bad and you don´t want to talk	You know that something go bad and you don´t want to talk
You satify yourshelf seeing the world behind the glass	You satify yourshelf seeing the world behind the glass
and that record that turn around without rest	and that record that turn around without rest
That music that you wouldn´t can forget	That music that you wouldn´t can forget
you wouldn´t can forget	you wouldn´t can forget
Talk to me of your dark bedroom	Talk to me of your dark bedroom
of your nights without sleep, of your warmth	of your nights without sleep, of your warmth
Call to me and with you i´m going to be	Call to me and with you i´m going to be
don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know	don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know
Talk to me of your dark bedroom	Talk to me of your dark bedroom
of your nights without sleep, of your warmth	of your nights without sleep, of your warmth
Call to me and with you i´m going to be	Call to me and with you i´m going to be
don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know	don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know
Talk to me of your dark bedroom	Talk to me of your dark bedroom
of your nights without sleep, of your warmth	of your nights without sleep, of your warmth
Call to me and with you i´m going to be	Call to me and with you i´m going to be
don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know	don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know
*******************	*******************
I hope that you enjoy the song as me.	I hope that you enjoy the song as me.
Bye!!	Bye!!
=D	=D
Looking for the best love Story	Looking for the Best Love Story
Hi!	Hi!
Yesterday, a friend and I made a treat:	Yesterday, a friend and I made a bet: t:
We´re going to write the best love Story (with sex xD) that it´ve been write ever.	We´re going to write the best love story (with sex xD) thathas ever been written
We´re going to write the best love Story (with sex xD) that it´ve been write ever.	We´re going to write the best love stories (with sex xD) that have ever been written.
We don´t know about what is going to write the other, so it´s going to be very funny.	We don´t know about what is going to be written about the other, so it´s going to be very funny.
We don´t know about what is going to write the other, so it´s going to be very funny.	We don´t know what the other is going to write about, so it´s going to be very funny.
I´m going to write a love Story about my friend and the boy that she love secretly, and It´ll begin in Venice, with Mask´s dance incluyed.	I´m going to write a love story about my friend and the boy that she love secretly, and It´ll begin in Venice, with masquerade included.
I´m going to write a love Story about my friend and the boy that she love secretly, and It´ll begin in Venice, with Mask´s dance incluyed.	I´m going to write a love story about my friend and the boy that she secretly loves, and it´ll begin in Venice with a masquerade.
I´m going to laught a lot writting this Story, and I hope that my Story´ll be better than her Story.	I´m going to laugh a lot writting this story, and I hope that my story´ll be better than her story.
I´m going to laught a lot writting this Story, and I hope that my Story´ll be better than her Story.	I´m going to laugh a lot writing this story, and I hope that my story´ll be better than hers.
Wish me lucky!!	Wish me luck !!
Wish me lucky!!	Wish me luck!!
;D	;D
Celia.	Celia.
Homeworks about "El Quijote" -by Cervantes (2)	Homeworks about "El Quijote" -by Cervantes (2)
Hi!!	Hi!!
Well, as finally exercise, I must write an History based on the nex structure:	Well, as finally exercise, I must write an History based on the nex structure:
1 - Don Alonso´s introduction (explain of his estate, his family and depiction of him.	1 - Don Alonso´s introduction (explain of his estate, his family and depiction of him.
2 - Appearance of Don Alonso´s madness produced by his love of reading cavalry books.	2 - Appearance of Don Alonso´s madness produced by his love of reading cavalry books.
3 - Evolution to knight (weapons and horse, change his name to "Don Quijote de La Mancha", find of his love "Dulcinea del Tovoso	3 - Evolution to knight (weapons and horse, change his name to "Don Quijote de La Mancha", find of his love "Dulcinea del Tovoso
Now, my test must to be the same structure, but the principal character is my, and the book for that I become madness is "Todo lo que tú y yo podríamos haber sido si no fueramos tú y yo".	Now, my test must to be the same structure, but the principal character is my, and the book for that I become madness is "Todo lo que tú y yo podríamos haber sido si no fueramos tú y yo".
The text must to be divided in three paragraph.	The text must to be divided in three paragraph.
"Hi, my name is Celia, and this WAS my life.	"Hi, my name is Celia, and this WAS my life.
Before, I lived in a ugly flat, with my Dad and a cat...	Before, I lived in a ugly flat, with my Dad and a cat...
But at least I HAD GOT a home.	But at least I HAD GOT a home.
My cat spent all the day following me and destroying all my things, and I...	My cat spent all the day following me and destroying all my things, and I...
Well, I was a normal girl that only wanted to pass her test and to be happy.	Well, I was a normal girl that only wanted to pass her test and to be happy.
What happened, then?	What happened, then?
Well, one day I discovered something that would my life: an extrange book that showed one vision absolutely different of the life.	Well, one day I discovered something that would my life: an extrange book that showed one vision absolutely different of the life.
I didn´t stopped reading and reading this book, so suddenly I became to be seeing strange visions about aliens, lifes, loves and hates.	I didn´t stopped reading and reading this book, so suddenly I became to be seeing strange visions about aliens, lifes, loves and hates.
But, one day, I began to think that I was the girl that Marcos met at the opera house.	But, one day, I began to think that I was the girl that Marcos met at the opera house.
So I began to went to the opera for met Marcos.	So I began to went to the opera for met Marcos.
I really don´t like a lot this, but I hoped that Marcos appeared one day.	I really don´t like a lot this, but I hoped that Marcos appeared one day.
And I´ve got an enormous surprise when, today, Marcos came to the opera house!	And I´ve got an enormous surprise when, today, Marcos came to the opera house!
I haven´t told him that I was waiting him since long time ago, but I feel that he know this.	I haven´t told him that I was waiting him since long time ago, but I feel that he know this.
And now, we´re driving to anywhere, direction to the unknown..."	And now, we´re driving to anywhere, direction to the unknown..."
A bad day	A bad day
Hi!!	Hi!!
I'm happy today, but people seem as if they were very very angry.	I'm happy today, but people seem as if they were very very angry.
When I was walking by the street, two cars were going to kill me!	When I was walking by the street, two cars almost killed me!
xD	xD
And people seems as if they were constipated (this word is funny because in spanish "constipado" is "cold", and it's eassy mistake the meaning xD).	And people seem as if they were constipated (this word is funny because in Spanish "constipado" is "cold", and it's easy to mistake the meaning xD).
But I've been happy, and soon I've seen a teacher that was happy too.	But I've been happy, and I've seen a teacher that was happy too.
This is gorgeous 8)	This is gorgeous 8)
...	...
Another new: I've finished my sculpture!	In other news: I've finished my sculpture!
At last!	At last!
And this is a secret present for my dad xP	And this is a secret present for my dad xP
Good day for everyone!!	Have a good day everyone!!
Celia ^u^	Celia ^u^
I must to go	I must go
Today I'm packing my suitcase.	Today I'm packing my suitcase.
Tomorrow, I'll be in Scothland...	Tomorrow, I'll be in Scotland...
But I haven't got a lot of things, and going it's harder that I was thinking...	But I haven't got a lot of things, and going it's harder than I was thinking...
My soundtrack now?	My soundtrack now?
"La estrella de David", by Juan Bau.	"La estrella de David", by Juan Bau.
It isn't a good video, but I normally listen the music without watch the video...	It isn't a good video, but I normally listen the music without watching the video...
I hope that you like it	I hope that you like it
Class're finished!!! 8D	Classes are finished!!! 8D
Class and exams finished yesterday!!	Class and exams finished yesterday!!
And today's holiday, so I'm very relaxed.	And today's a holiday, so I'm very relaxed.
Although I've finished my exam, I must to go next week to class monday, wednesday and friday:	Although I've finished my exam, I must go next week to class Monday, Wednesday and Friday:
- Monday I'm going to finished my sculpture from eight o'clock to eleven o´clock.	- Monday I'm going to finish my sculpture from eight o'clock to eleven o´clock.
- Wednesday I'm going to upload / raise?	- Wednesday I'm going to upload / raise?
my mark to get better grade at English	my mark to get better grade at English
- Friday I'm going to pass my French exam (boring) and to pass my juggling exam (yes, I've got a juggling exam...	- Friday I'm going to pass my French exam (boring) and to pass my juggling exam (yes, I've got a juggling exam...
And I'm failed in this xDDD)	And I'm failing in this xDDD)
And I don't know if volume teacher's going to obligate us to go to his class, although we're aprovated...	And I don't know if volume teacher's going to obligate us to go to his class, although we're aprovated...
Ah!	Ah!
And I'm finished an art competition too, so class're finished, but all events aren't finished...	And I finished an art competition too, so classes are finished, but all events aren't finished...
Give me luck at the competition and have a good day!!	Wish me luck at the competition and have a good day!!
^^	^^
At the photo: Punta umbría, Huelva (Spain)	At the photo: Punta umbría, Huelva (Spain)
A new world	A new world
Hi!!	Hi!!
My name is Celia, and I´m from Spain.	My name is Celia, and I´m from Spain.
I have been looking for a page like this, where I could improve my English.	I have been looking for a page like this, where I could improve my English.
Now, I´m very happy, because I have discovered that I can help other people to learn my idiom (Spanish) too.	Now, I´m very happy, because I have discovered that I can help other people to learn my language (Spanish) too.
At the moment I don´t know how to use a lot of things, but I think that I could learn everything if I navegate around the web.	At the moment I don´t know how to use a lot of things, but I think that I could learn everything if I navigate around the web.
I´m want to meet people from other sites too, because I like a lot learn about other sites.	I want to meet people from other countries too, because I really like to learn about other countries.
In addition, as I like to writte, I can take ideas for my Histories, and It´s fantastic!	In addition, as I like to write, I can get ideas for my stories, and that's fantastic!
I hope know you and that you can learn Spanish with me.	I hope to get to know you and that you can learn Spanish with me.
Goodbye and thank you!!	Goodbye and thank you!!
Celia	Celia
SPANISH BOOKS FOR YOUR PRACTISE	SPANISH BOOKS FOR YOUR PRACTISE
Hi again!	Hi again!
Maybe it's complicated for you read spanish literature because you're reading classic literature, as "El Quijote".	Maybe it's hard for you read Spanish literature because you're reading classic literature, such as "El Quijote".
We've got books easier to read:	We've got books that are easier to read:
- If you would like start with a short book, as a tale, "Caperucita in Manhattan" (from Carmen Martín Maite) is your book (on the photo, it's at the left - at right it's another wonderful book, but It maybe is more difficult to read)	- If you would like to start with a short book, such as a tale, then "Caperucita in Manhattan" by Carmen Martín Maite is your book. (In the photo, it's on the left. On the right is another wonderful book, but it may be more difficult to read.)
- "Todo lo que podríamos haber sido tú y yo si no fuéramos tú y yo", written by Albert Espinosa, is an strange story where the principal character tells you the more important day in his life.	- "Todo lo que podríamos haber sido tú y yo si no fuéramos tú y yo", written by Albert Espinosa, is a strange story where the principal character tells you about the most important day in his life.
- Isabel Allende books are fantastic too.	- Isabel Allende's books are fantastic too.
I recommend you as a challenged (because it's big) "El Reino del Dragón de oro" - It's about two children and their transformation to meet their "totem" (It's better explained in the book hahaha).	I recommend to you as a challenge (because it's long) "El Reino del Dragón de oro" - It's about two children and their transformation as they meet their "totem" (It's better explained in the book. hahaha).
I hope that it helps you.	I hope that this helps you.
Have a good day!	Have a good day!
Celia	Celia
It can't be possible!!	It can't be possible!!
I don't understand this: I don't pass my language exam!!	I don't understand this: I don't pass my language exam!!
(With a note of 4'8) And in grammar!!	(With a note of 4'8) And in grammar!!
(My favourite part of English language).	(My favourite part of English language).
Although if I've pass my subject, I'm going to do again the exam, and I'm going to get a ten, as always!!	Although if I've pass my subject, I'm going to do again the exam, and I'm going to get a ten, as always!!
P.	P.
D: I've read that it's usually to say " I'm gonna to ".	D: I've read that it's common to say " I'm gonna ".
Is It usually at America, or It's used in England too?	Is It usually at America, or It's used in England too?
Thank you ^^	Thank you ^^
Some spanish films	Some spanish films
Hi!!	Hi!!
I was talking with a friend ("Risa"), when she's asked to me about spanish films.	I was talking with a friend ("Risa"), when she asked me about spanish films.
Seriously, my first idea's been that I don't know any good spanish film hahahah	Seriously, my first was that I don't know any good spanish films hahahaha
But later, I've been remembering and soon I've discovered that there are good spanish films, but normally they're comedian films (except "Los otros", directed by Alejandro Amenábar).	But , I've been remembering and discovered that there are good spanish films. They're typically comedian films (except "Los otros", directed by Alejandro Amenábar).
Now, I'm going to talk about some "good" (they're good for me) spanish films:	Now, I'm going to talk about some "good" (they're good to me) spanish films:
TERROR FILMS	TERROR FILMS
- "Los otros" - Alejandro Amenábar: This film is about a house where begin to have strange things, and their family become to believe that they aren't alone...	- "Los otros" - Alejandro Amenábar: This film is about a house where strange things begin to happen, and the family start to believe that they aren't alone...
This is the famoust spanish film that I remember.	This is the famous spanish film that I remember.
- "El orfanato" - J.	- "El orfanato" - J.
A.	A.
Bayona: One woman, one orphan, and a big mistery to develop...	Bayona: One woman, one orphan, and a big mystery start to develop...
COMEDYS	COMEDIES
- "Pagafantas" - Borja Cobeaga: This is a fantastic film where the loving situation of a lot of men is explicated as in a documentary.	- "Pagafantas" - Borja Cobeaga: This is a fantastic film where the loving situation of a lot of men is explicated in a documentary.
It compares animals reactions with humans reactions, putting in order them.	It compares animal reactions with human reactions, putting them in order.
In this clasification, there are the "pagafantas", men that obey to a nice girl because they pretend doing the love with she, but she only see him as a friend.	In this classification, there are the "pagafantas", men that obey a nice girl because they pretend they love her, but she only sees him as a friend.
This film is very funny xD	This film is very funny xD
- "El otro lado de la cama" - Emilio Martinez-Lázaro: This is a love film where four persons change their pairs...	- "El otro lado de la cama" - Emilio Martinez-Lázaro: This is a romance film where two couples exchange partners...
Very strange hahaha	Very strange hahaha
- "Días de fútbol" - David Serrano: Seven friends want to be the best football players of their slum.	- "Días de fútbol" - David Serrano: Seven friends want to be the best football players of their slum.
They have got their hope...	They have got their hope...
What a shame that they haven't got the talent!	What a shame that they haven't got the talent!
FANTASY:	FANTASY:
- "El laberinto del fauno" - Guillermo del Toro: I don't understand nothing of this film, but this like to me a lot...	- "El laberinto del fauno" - Guillermo del Toro: I don't understand nothing of this film, but I like this a lot...
Maybe the soundtrack xD.	Maybe the soundtrack xD.
The sensation after watch this film is similar to the sensation after watch "Amélie" for me: I don't know why, but I adore this hahaha	The feeling I had after watch this film is similar to the feeling I had after Iwatched "Amélie" : I don't know why, but I adore this film.hahaha
And, finally, I haven't seen this film, but friends told me that it is fantastic:	And, finally, I haven't seen this film, but friends told me that it is fantastic:
- "Spanish movie" - Javier Ruiz Caldera: It's a parody of another spanish films as "El Orfanato", "Los Otros", "Volver", "Alatriste", "El Laberinto del Fauno", "Los Lunes al Sol", "Abre los Ojos", "Rec" and "Mar adentro".	- "Spanish movie" - Javier Ruiz Caldera: It's a parody of other spanish films such as "El Orfanato", "Los Otros", "Volver", "Alatriste", "El Laberinto del Fauno", "Los Lunes al Sol", "Abre los Ojos", "Rec" and "Mar adentro".
- "Rec" - : I haven't watched this film, that some friends told me that it is very horrifying.	- "Rec" - : I haven't watched this film, some friends told me that it is very horrifying.
"Quarantine" is based on this film.	"Quarantine" is based on this film.
I hope that you like those films.	I hope that you like those films.
Celia	Celia
Hi there!! ^^	Hi there!! ^^
I've been reading my last journals, and I must to say that they're very bad writen xD	I've been reading my last journals, and I must to say that they're very badly written xD
The next time I'll write better, and I'll publish good journals, and better information about Spain culture.	The next time I'll write better, and I'll publish good journals, and better information about Spainish culture.
^^	^^
But tomorrow I've got a huge language exam, and I must study...	But tomorrow I've got a huge language exam, and I must study...
Next day I'm going to talk about Ouka- Leele, an eccentric artist who likes photography and writting.	Next time I'm going to talk about Ouka- Leele, an eccentric artist who likes photography and writing.
Goodbye!!	Goodbye!!
^^	^^
Return and Discovery	Return and Discovery
Hi friends!	Hi friends!
Altough I have been outside a lot of time, I've come back again.	Altough I have been outside a lot of time, I've come back again.
And, as a present, I'm going to show you an interesting discovery that I've done: https://voxli.	And, as a present, I'm going to show you an interesting discovery that I've done: https://voxli.
com/	com/
This is a website where, without be registered, you can chat with voice in any language!	This is a website where, without being registered, you can chat with voice in any language!
When you're going to start a conversation, they ask you what language you want to improve, and then you can talk without problems!!	When you're going to start a conversation, they ask you what language you want to improve, and then you can talk without problems!!
Actually, there aren't a lot of people in, but we can meet us one day on this chat and improve our speak language!!	Actually, there aren't a lot of people in, but we can meet one day on this chat and improve our language!!
What do you think??	What do you think??
P.	P.
D: My idea isn't leave this wonderful web (where we can see better our write mistakes than in a chat): my idea is COMPLEMENT that web.	D: My idea isn't leave this wonderful web (where we can see better our write mistakes than in a chat): my idea is COMPLEMENT that web.
I hope that you like it!	I hope that you like it!
See you later!	See you later!
Celia	Celia
Celia	Celia
Today, I can't wake up ("Hoy, no me puedo levantar")	Today, I can't wake up ("Hoy, no me puedo levantar")
Hi!	Hi!
Since a long time, I'm feel very...	For a long time, I've been feeling very...
Since a long time, I'm feel very...	For a long time, I've been feeling very...
Out of place.	Out of place.
I'm as absent, and I can't focus very well.	I'm absent-minded, and I can't focus very well.
Even I haven't passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).	I even haven't passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).
Even I haven't passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).	I didn't even passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).
Even I haven't passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).	I haven't even passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).
I'm always sleepy, but It's harder to me to fall asleep.	I'm always sleepy, but It's harder for me to fall asleep.
I'm always sleepy, but It's harder to me to fall asleep.	I'm always sleepy, but it's harder to me to fall asleep.
I'm not fancy nothing (or "I don't feel like nothing"?), I don't want nothing.	I'm not fancy nothing, I don't want anything.
I'm not fancy nothing (or "I don't feel like nothing"?), I don't want nothing.	I don't fancy anything, and I don't want anything.
I'm like dead, exhausted...	It's like I'm dead, exhausted...
I'm like dead, exhausted...	I feel like I'm dead, exhausted...
And I don't know why.	And I don't know why.
As present, here are two Mecano songs for you: "Today I can't wake up" and "Lost in my bedroom" ("Perdido en mi habitación").	As a present, here are two Mecano songs for you: "Today I can't wake up" and "Lost in my bedroom" ("Perdido en mi habitación").
As present, here are two Mecano songs for you: "Today I can't wake up" and "Lost in my bedroom" ("Perdido en mi habitación").	As a present, here are two Mecano songs for you: "Today I can't wake up" and "Lost in my bedroom" ("Perdido en mi habitación").
The second is from the musical.	The second is from the musical.
I don't like a lot these, but both titles express my feelings hahaha:	I don't like these very much, but both titles express my feelings hahaha:
I don't like a lot these, but both titles express my feelings hahaha:	I don't like these songs a lot, but both titles express my feelings hahaha:
¡Hola!	¡Hola!
Desde hace tiempo, me siento muy...	Desde hace tiempo, me siento muy...
Fuera de lugar.	Fuera de lugar.
Estoy como ausente, y no me puedo concentrar muy bien.	Estoy como ausente, y no me puedo concentrar muy bien.
Incluso he suspendido mi examen de Arte (no me lo puedo creer).	Incluso he suspendido mi examen de Arte (no me lo puedo creer).
Siempre tengo sueño, pero me cuesta dormirme.	Siempre tengo sueño, pero me cuesta dormirme.
No me apetece nada, no quiero nada.	No me apetece nada, no quiero nada.
Estoy como muerta, cansada...	Estoy como muerta, cansada...
Y no sé por qué.	Y no sé por qué.
Como regalo, aquí hay dos canciones de Mecano para vosotros: "Hoy no me puedo levantar" y "Perdido en mi habitación".	Como regalo, aquí hay dos canciones de Mecano para vosotros: "Hoy no me puedo levantar" y "Perdido en mi habitación".
La segunda es del musical.	La segunda es del musical.
No me gustan demasiado, pero ambos títulos expresan mis sentimientos jajaja	No me gustan demasiado, pero ambos títulos expresan mis sentimientos jajaja
So work for nothing??	So I work for nothing??
Yesterday I did a beautiful redaction for Language class, but today only a few people have could read their redactions.	Yesterday I did a beautiful redaction for Language class, but today only a few people could read their redactions.
Obviously, I wasn´t between them.	Obviously, I wasn´t one of them.
And now, my redaction´s going to be another work who anypeople saw never, hidden in a dark and remote corner of my bedroom...	And now, my redaction´s going to be another work , that no one has ever seen, hidden in a dark and remote corner of my bedroom...
xDD	xDD
Homeworks about "El Quijote" -by Cervantes (1)	Homeworks about "El Quijote" -by Cervantes (1)
Hi!!	Hi!!
My name is Celia, and I´m going to do my Literature´s homeworks now xD	My name is Celia, and I´m going to do my Literature homework now xD
The exercise is this:	The exercise is this:
- In what books would you shelter?	- In what books would you shelter?
- What character do you want to be?	- What character do you want to be?
- Do you think that there are people (crazy or not) that play to be who not be today?	- Do you thing that there are people (crazy or not) that pretend they are who they aren't?
- Relate in first person an History with the same estructure of this chapter.	Relate, in first person, a history with the same structure as this chapter.
Well, my answers are:	Well, my answers are:
- I would me shelter in "Todo lo que podríamos haber sido tú y yo sino fueramos tú y yo" (a short title xD), by Albert Espinosa, because his vision of the life is nearly magic: his reality is between the childhood´s inocence and the adult´s hardness.	-I would live in "Todo lo que podríamos haber sido tú y yo sino fueramos tú y yo", by Albert Espinosa, because he vision of life is nearly magical: his reality is between the innocence of a child and the hardness of anadult.
- I want to be the misterious girl who appears on the cinema, because I feel me iddentify with she.	-I want to be the mysterious girl who appears in movies, because I feel that I can identify with her.
- Yes, I think that there are people that play to be who not be.	-Yes, I think that there are people who play characters they should not play.
A good example of this are in discussions programs.	A good example of this is in discussion programs.
...	...
And I´ll finish this exercise soon...	And I´ll finish this exercise soon...
xDD	xDD
Celia	Celia
- 	- 
Sleeping a little	Sleeping a little
Hi!!	Hi!!
Today I´ve slept 3 hours, because I´ve been making a sculture.	Today I´ve slept 3 hours, because I´ve been making a sculpture.
Today I´ve slept 3 hours, because I´ve been making a sculture.	Today I´ve slept 3 hours, because I´ve been making a sculpture.
I´ve done a metal gnome, and the work of art's title is "The secret", because he seems like he's going to tell a secret or like he's heard an enormous secret hahahaha	I made a metal gnome, and the title of the work of art is "The secret", because he seems like he's going to tell a secret or like he's heard an enormous secret hahahaha
I can´t show you photos now, but I'm going to put some photos soon xP	I can´t show you photos now, but I'm going to put some photos soon xP
Goodbye!!	Goodbye!!
Celia ^^	Celia ^^
"I love my raper" xDDDD	"I love my raper" xDDDD
Hi!!	Hi!!
Today, one friend's told me a funny history.	Today, one of my friends told me a funny story.
She was talking me about her travel to Scotland, when she remembered something about a t-shirt workshop.	She was talking to me about her trip to Scotland, when she remembered something about a t-shirt workshop.
And she told that:	She said:
"We're in t-shirt workshop, and my friends, who likes a lot rap music, decided to made t-shirts with a message that showed their passion by rapping.	"We were in a t-shirt workshop, and my friends, who like a lot of rap music, decided to make t-shirts with a message that showed their passion by rapping.
And they wrote the tittle message ("I love my rapper" xD).	They wrote the title message ("I love my rapper" xD).
When they were walking by the street, people laughed a lot looking at their, and they didn't know why they were laughing.	When they were walking by the street, people laughed a lot while looking at them, and they didn't know why the people were laughing.
Then, they discover that "raper" in English don't mean "person who sing rap".	Then, they discovered that "raper" in English doesn't mean "person who sings rap".
Then they were very embarrased about this hahahaha"	They were very embarrassed about this. It was very funny.
I think that It's a funny history, because there are a lot of times that we wrote something wrong because it sounds like spanish words that have got differents meanings xP	I think that it's a funny story because there are a lot of times that we wrote something wrong because it sounded like Spanish words that have different meanings.
Have a good day everyone!!	Have a good day everyone!!
Celia ^^	Celia ^^
P.	P.
D: By the way, in Spanish "embarrased" sounds like "pregnant", so try don't say this a lot ;D	D: By the way, in Spanish "embarrased" sounds like "pregnant", so try don't say this a lot ;D
Excelent!, Bravo!	Excelent!, Bravo!
It was the hearest expresión for today, after we made the pre parade.	It was the hearest expresión for today, after we made the pre parade.
Our commanders congratuled us.	Our commanders congratuled us.
For that reason all of us won a little break (deserved we had) :P	For that reason all of us won a little break (deserved we had) :P
Tomorrow is the graduation ceremony of new naval officers, be present Ministry of Mexican Naval Army, Veracruz Governor, & many others autoryties (civil & militar).	Tomorrow is the graduation ceremony of new naval officers, be present Ministry of Mexican Naval Army, Veracruz Governor, & many others autoryties (civil & militar).
I believe saturday 25 must be a great day to everyone in crew.	I believe saturday 25 must be a great day to everyone in crew.
Start with  the (nihongo) learning	Start with  the (nihongo) learning
Hi everyone!!	Hi everyone!!
I wish you can help me and show me how i can type kanas and kanji on mi pc?	I hope you can help me and show me how to type kana and kanji on my pc.
Cos' I'm just start to learn japanesse languaje and i think that could be an important tool for make easier the comprension and memorization of this language.	Cos' I'm just starting to learn Japanese and I think that could be an important tool for make comprension and memorization of this language easier.
Thanks, bye bye !!!!!!	Thanks, bye bye !!!!!!
¡Hola a todos!	¡Hola a todos!
Espero que puedan ayudarme y me enseñen como es  que puedo escribir kanas y kanji con el teclado de mi pc.	Espero que puedan ayudarme y me enseñen como es  que puedo escribir kanas y kanji con el teclado de mi pc.
Ya que       acabo de comenzar con el estudio del idioma japonés, y creo que      sería una herramienta importantisima para facilitarme la comprensión y memorización de este lenguaje...	Ya que       acabo de comenzar con el estudio del idioma japonés, y creo que      sería una herramienta importantisima para facilitarme la comprensión y memorización de este lenguaje...
¡¡¡¡¡¡Gracias Adiosito!!!!!	¡¡¡¡¡¡Gracias Adiosito!!!!!
Hi I want learn English, if you want I can teach you spanish.	Hi, I want learn English and, if you want, I can teach you Spanish.
Hi I want learn English, if you want I can teach you spanish.	Hi, I want learn English and, if you want, I can teach you Spanish.
Hi	Hi
amm new here, I need learn English.	amm new here, I need learn English.
Would you be you are today if you hadn't endured the "trials" in your life? Why	Would you be you are today if you hadn't endured the "trials" in your life? Why?
In my opinion, we could not be who we are without all the difficulties we lived	In my opinion, we could not be who we are without all the difficulties we lived.
In every difficulty we get experience.	In every difficulty we get experience.
For example, if I am learning to drive a car, and I have an accident, I will not have the same accident again.	For example, if I am learning to drive a car, and I have an accident, I will not have the same accident again.
Then, an experience helps you to grow as person.	Then, an experience helps you to grow as person.
To support it, if I do not have a good relation with my grandfather, and then he dies, I can learn to have a good time with people I appreciate.	To support it, if I do not have a good relation with my grandfather, and then he dies, I can learn to have a good time with people I appreciate.
Finally, everyone needs trials.	Finally, everyone needs trials.
If you never had a trial, you just would be an inmature boy or girl.	If you never had a trial, you just would be an inmature boy or girl.
For these reasons, I think we could not be who we are if we had not endured the trial we had.	For these reasons, I think we could not be who we are if we had not endured the trial we had.
Um pouco de tudo	Um pouco de tudo
Boa tarde!	Boa tarde!
Este é o primeiro texto que escrevo em português, assim que acho que farei muitos erros...	Este é o primeiro texto que escrevo em português, assim que acho que farei muitos erros...
A verdade é que não sei muito bem o que dizer.	A verdade é que não sei muito bem o que dizer.
Eu som galego, vivo em Santiago de Compostela e gosto muito de Portugal, pois é muito semelhante á Galiza.	Eu som galego, vivo em Santiago de Compostela e gosto muito de Portugal, pois é muito semelhante á Galiza.
Sempre que posso vou lá de visita, mas apenas conheço o norte.	Sempre que posso vou lá de visita, mas apenas conheço o norte.
Gosto muito do Porto e uns dias há estive em Guimarães por vez primeira e fiquei surpreendido com esta vila.	Gosto muito do Porto e uns dias há estive em Guimarães por vez primeira e fiquei surpreendido com esta vila.Gosto muito do Porto e há uns dias atrás estive em Guimarães pela primeira vez e fiquei surpreendido com esta vila.
É um pouco parecida a Santiago e quando eu a vim havia muita gente na rua a passear.	É um pouco parecida a Santiago e quando eu a vim havia muita gente na rua a passear.É um pouco parecida a Santiago e quando eu vim havia muita gente na rua a passear. Opção 1É um pouco parecida a Santiago e quando eu visitei havia muita gente na rua a passear. Opção 2 
Visitamos o castelo e a fortaleça e caminhamos pelas ruas.	Visitamos o castelo e a fortaleça e caminhamos pelas ruas.Visitámos o castelo a fortaleza e caminhámos pelas ruas.
Muito obrigado por ler!	Muito obrigado por ler!Muito obrigado por lerem!
The gold girder	The gold girder
Today I'm going to tell you about a very interesting story that belongs to the popular literature of my little coutry.	Today I'm going to tell you a very interesting story that belongs to the traditional literature of my little country.
You can usually read it in Galician, the Galicia's language, but I'll try to write it in English.	It is usually found in Galician, the language of Galicia, but I'll try to write it in English.
In our country, there are a lot of ancient estructures that were built before the roman conquest.	In our country, there are a lot of ancient structures that were built before the Roman conquest.
Their name is "castros", and it's said that they were buit by an ancient culture, probably linked to the celts.	They are called "castros", and it's said that they were built by an ancient culture, probably linked to the Celts.
But the legend says that under these structures you can find a lot of treasures and marvelous things.	But according to the legend, under these structures you can find many treasures and marvelous things.
There is an only little problem: if you try getting them, you could be buried alive and die in the dephts of earth.	There is only one small problem: if you try getting them, you could be buried alive and die in the depths of earth.
The fact is, according to these stories, that there exist tunnels where the girders were made in gold.	The fact is, according to these stories, that there exist tunnels where the girders were made in gold.
They are called in Galician language "Trabes de ouro".	In the Galician language they are called "Trabes de ouro".
But is very dangerous to try getting the girders.	But is very dangerous to try getting the girders.
Indeed, according to the popular stories, there are some of them that were made in coal tar, and a mechanism involves them in flames if somebody touch them.	Indeed, according to the traditional stories, there are some of them that were made in coal tar, and a mechanism engulfs them in flames if anybody touches them.
I am not trying to frighten you, but, although many people went to looking for these treasures, almost nobody returned alive, and who did it had become crazy.	I am not trying to frighten you, but, although many people have gone looking for these treasures, almost nobody has returned alive, and those who did went crazy.
Hi everyone! I need some help with an email...	Hi everyone! I need some help with an email...
Hello,	Hello,
Prizes depend on the number of hours you need.	Prizes depend on the number of hours you need. [The number of hours for what?]
Prizes depend on the number of hours you need.	Prices depend on the number of hours of class per week you would like to take.
Prizes depend on the number of hours you need.	Prices depend on the number of hours of class you take per week. 
The more hours you come, the cheaper it will be.	The more hours you have, the cheaper it will be.
The more hours you come, the cheaper it will be.	The greater the number of hours you take, the greater your discount. "Cheap" sounds informal and a little tacky in writing like this. It would be better to emphasize the *savings* potential students could achieve by taking more hours.
Anyway, prizes are negociable.	Anyway, prizes are negociable.
Anyway, prizes are negociable.	Additionally, prices are negotiable.
If you tell me the number of hours per week you need, I will tell you the approximate prize.	If you tell me the number of hours per week you need, I will tell you the approximate prize.
If you tell me the number of hours per week you need, I will tell you the approximate prize.	If you tell me the number of hours per week you need, I will tell you the approximate price.
If you tell me the number of hours per week you need, I will tell you the approximate prize.	Depending on the number of hours per week you need, I can give you an approximate price.
Remember that I also offer group discounts.	Remember that I also offer group discounts.
Remember that I also offer group discounts.	Don't forget that I also offer group discounts.
I need your help with an advertisement	I need your help with an advertisement
I'd like you to correct this advertisement:	I'd like you to correct this advertisement:
Spanish classes for foreign people	Spanish classes for foreigners
Qualified teacher	Qualified teacher
Intensive courses	Intensive courses
Discounts for groups	Group discounts
Custom timetables	Flexible hours
Speak Spanish since the first day!	Speak Spanish from day one!
In Spanish reads this way:	In Spanish reads this way:
Clases de español para extranjeros	Clases de español para extranjeros
Profesor cualificado	Profesor cualificado
Cursos intensivos	Cursos intensivos
Descuentos a grupos	Descuentos a grupos
Horarios personalizados	Horarios personalizados
¡Habla español desde el primer día!	¡Habla español desde el primer día!
Thank you very much!	Thank you very much!
Travel to Portugal	Trip to Portugal
Hello!	Hello!
Today I'd like to practice my english by talking about a travel which my girl and me have made to Portugal.	Today I'd like to practice my english by talking about a trip that my girlfriend and I have made to Portugal.
Today I'd like to practice my english by talking about a travel which my girl and me have made to Portugal.	Today I'd like to practice my English by talking about a trip that my girlfriend and I took to Portugal.
It took place coup a weeks ago.	It took place couple of weeks ago.
It took place coup a weeks ago.	It took place a couple of weeks ago.
I drove to Oporto city, which is a beautiful place where you can drink his famous wine and walk by its ancient streets.	I drove to Oporto city, which is a beautiful place where you can drink their famous wine and walk by its ancient streets.
I drove to Oporto city, which is a beautiful place where you can drink his famous wine and walk by its ancient streets.	I drove to the city of Oporto, a beautiful place where you can drink their famous wine and walk down its ancient streets.
It was very fun to visit many monuments like the cathedral or the Victory Square, which were made several centuries ago.	It was very fun to visit many monuments such as the cathedral and the Victory Square, which were built several centuries ago.
I have to say that when the Roman Imperium arrived there in the 4th century, there was a celtic civilization wich was very belicous.	I have to say that when the Roman Imperium arrived there in the 4th century, there was a celtic civilization which was very belicous. Are you trying to say "malicious"?
I have to say that when the Roman Imperium arrived there in the 4th century, there was a celtic civilization wich was very belicous.	I have to say that when the Roman Imperium arrived there in the 4th century, there was a Celtic civilization that was very bellicose. Bellicose isn't a very common word- maybe hostile, aggressive or violent.
The poor romans had got many problems to win them.	The poor romans have had many problems to resolve with them.
The poor romans had got many problems to win them.	The poor Romans had many problems to conquer them.
Portugal history is very interesting.	Portuguese history is very interesting.
Portugal history is very interesting.	Portugal's history is very interesting. Another option.
It is strongly linked to Galicia's and Spain's.	It is strongly linked to Galicia's and Spain's.
But I think it's enough for today.	But I think that is enough for today.
Maybe at another time I could tell you about it.	Maybe at another time I could tell you more about it.
Maybe at another time I could tell you about it.	Maybe I could tell you more about it some other time.
Thank you very much for reading it.	Thank you very much for reading it.
my profile	my profile
my name is stefany, Im 24, I had been live in NY one year ago.	my name is stefany, I'm 24 years old, I have been living in NY one year ago...
The first time that I came to USA was in 2009 to start a cultural exchange.	The first time that I came to the USA was in 2009 to start a cultural exchange.
after that I met my husband in miami, we got married and came to NY to star Our Marriege live.	after that I met my husband in miami, we got married and came to NY to start Our marriage live.
In december 2010, I returned to colombia to finish my university.	In december 2010, I returned to colombia to finish my university.
I Get my degree in Industrial design six month ago and Now I looking for an opportunity to grow in a establish job.	I Get my degree in Industrial design six month ago and Now I am looking for an opportunity to grow in an establish job.
please help me ,i need The corrections now!!!!	please help me ,i need The corrections now!!!!
thanksss	thanksss
Hello	Hello
my name is Stephany, Im 23 years old and I interested in learn english.	My name is Stephany. I'm 23 years old and I'm interested in learning English.
I living in U.	I'm living in the U.
S.	S.
A and I need ASAP learn english because I want to make a master in NY.	A and I need to learn English ASAP because I want to get a master's degree in NY.
I industrial designer, I LOVE my career but I feel that if I dont learn english fast and practice a lot , I will never going to get my master.	I'm an industrial designer and I LOVE my career but I feel that if I don't learn English fast and practice a lot, I will never get my master's.
My mother-tongue is spanish so If you are interested in learn my lenguage please be confident to contac me :) and If you speak English  we can share our knowledge :) 	My mother-tongue is Spanish so If you are interested in learning my language please be confident about contacting me :) and If you speak English, we can share our knowledge :) 
thanks   	Thanks 
my day	my day
Today it was pretty much the same day that it has been since the beginning of the year.	Today it was pretty much the same day that it has been since the beginning of the year.
First I got up at 5:30 am because my alarm clock woke me up otherwise i am pretty sure i would never get up at that time...	First I got up at 5:30 am because my alarm clock woke me up otherwise i am pretty sure i would never get up at that time...
jejejeje.	jejejeje.
Then I went downstairs to make my breakfast and came back to my room to sleep for 10 more minutes before taking a cool shower.	Then I went downstairs to make my breakfast and came back to my room to sleep for 10 more minutes before taking a cool shower.
The cool shower helped me feel more awake, but i hope not to get a bad cold one of these days.	The cool shower helped me feel more awake, but i hope not to get a bad cold one of these days.
After i got dressed, i had my breakfast but i was very pendant to my watch because if i leave home after 6:30am i would definitelty arrive late at work...	After i got dressed, i had my breakfast but i was very pendant to my watch because if i leave home after 6:30am i would definitelty arrive late at work...
The rest of the day was giving classes, trying to keep my students quiet and focus on the class and tasks, and scold them when necessary....	The rest of the day was giving classes, trying to keep my students quiet and focus on the class and tasks, and scold them when necessary....
Everytime i get home, i feel relieved since any kind of disagreement or bad moment is left behind as soon as i get on the bus.	Everytime i get home, i feel relieved since any kind of disagreement or bad moment is left behind as soon as i get on the bus.
We use this expression for referring something really old.	We use this expression for referring something really old.
And "Tata" or "Tatita" it's a word that means "papá" and "Lapo" that is the diminutive for of the name Serapio Cruz, He was a Guatemala militar men of the XIX century.	And "Tata" or "Tatita" it's a word that means "papá" and "Lapo" that is the diminutive for of the name Serapio Cruz, He was a Guatemala militar men of the XIX century.
This phrase alludes past epochs, when the entire country was in a better economic situation.	This phrase alludes past epochs, when the entire country was in a better economic situation.
Thanks for having reading it...	Thanks for having reading it...
Translators	Translators
"Free Online Translator".	"Free Online Translator".
"Free Translation Online".	"Free Translation Online".
"PROMT - Free Text Translator".	"PROMT - Free Text Translator".
Those ones were just the three first entries when I typed "translator" at Google.	These were the three first entries I received when I typed "translator" in Google.
Probably there's a hundred different types of translators on the Internet.	There are probably hundreds of different types of translators on the Internet.
Nowadays, I haven't found a really good one yet.	However, I haven't found a really good one yet.
What I'm trying to say is that if you don't know a language, no matter how hard you try to find a good translation in one of those online translators for what you want to say, it isn't going to work.	What I'm trying to say is that if you don't know a language, no matter how hard you try to find a good translation in one of those online translators for what you want to say, it isn't going to work.
Don't trust me?	Don't trust me?
Ok, let's see.	Ok, let's see.
For example, the sentence "Those ones were just the three first entries when I typed "translator" at Google." Easy, isn't it?	For example, the sentence "Those ones were just the three first entries when I typed "translator" at Google." Easy, isn't it?
I'm going to translate it in Spanish: "Esas fueron tan solo las primeras tres entradas cuando escribí "traductor" en el Google." Now, I'm going to translate it with an online translator: "Esos unos fueron justo el tres primero entradas cuando escribí a máquina a "traductor" en Google." 	I'm going to translate it into Spanish: "Esas fueron tan solo las primeras tres entradas cuando escribí "traductor" en el Google." Now, I'm going to translate it with an online translator: "Esos unos fueron justo el tres primero entradas cuando escribí a máquina a "traductor" en Google." 
Do you see what I mean?	Do you see what I mean?
I hope you do.	I hope you do.
P.	P.
S.: Thank you for correcting me.	S.: Thank you for correcting me.
Hi there!	Hi there!
Well, first of all, I'm going to introduce myself.	Well, first of all, I'm going to introduce myself.
I'm a 16-year-old girl from Valencia, Spain who's totally obsessed with English	I'm a 16-year-old girl from Valencia, Spain who's totally obsessed with English.
Yep, I have to admit it, I really love English.	Yep, I have to admit it, I really love English.
Sorry, I can't help it, my fault hehe.	Sorry, I can't help it, my fault hehe.
So, I know you've probably guessed why I'm learning it.	So, I know you've probably guessed why I'm learning it.
Besides English, I got others hobbies too like listening to music, hanging out with my friends, going to the cinema...	Besides learning English, I have other hobbies as well, like listening to music, hanging out with my friends, going to the cinema...
Besides English, I got others hobbies too like listening to music, hanging out with my friends, going to the cinema...	Besides learning English, I've got or I have other hobbies too like listening to music, hanging out with my friends, going to the cinema...
So if you want to know me more, just talk to me.	So if you want to know more about me, just talk to me.
So if you want to know me more, just talk to me.	So if you want to know more about me, just talk to me.
I would be willing to help you with your Spanish or just talk to you like friends =) 	I would be willing to help you with your Spanish or just talk to you as friends or and become friends =) 
P.	P.
S.: Thank you for correcting me!	S.: Thank you for correcting me!
Introduction	Introduction
Hi.	Hi.
my name is Guillermo.	my name is Guillermo.
Im from colombia and actually im studing materials Engineering in the UdeA.	I'm from Colombia and currently I’m studing materials engineering in the UdeA.
Im starting to study english because i think is a languaje super important for my professional life.	I’m starting to study English because I think it’s a super-important language for my professional life.
there was a time when i started to study english but i quit it.	There was a time when I started to study English but I quit it
to focus on other stuff that in that time was more important.	to focus on other stuff that was more important at that time.
now im back to study english again.	Now I’m back to study English again.
im lazy for this kind of things.	I’m lazy for these kinds of things.
but this time i'll focus on study english the better possible.	But this time I'll focus on studying English as hard as possible.
thank you guys for read this entry.	Thank you guys for reading this entry.
I'M SO SAD	I'M SO SAD
I'M SO SORRY WHAT HAPPENED IN JAPAN.	I'M SO SORRY WHAT HAPPENED IN JAPAN.
IT'S VERY SAD WHAT HAPPENED.	IT'S VERY SAD WHAT HAPPENED.
I´M WITH YOU JAPAN.	I´M WITH YOU JAPAN.
TODAY IN THE MORNING BROADCAST A TSUNAMI IN JAPAN.	TODAY IN THE MORNING BROADCAST A TSUNAMI IN JAPAN.
I WAKE AND I TURN ON THE TV AND I WATCH ALL THAT HAPPENED.	I WAKE AND I TURN ON THE TV AND I WATCH ALL THAT HAPPENED.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT BUT IS TRUE.	I CAN'T BELIEVE IT BUT IS TRUE.
THINGS LIKE THAT HAPPEN IN THIS BEAUTIFUL WORLD.	THINGS LIKE THAT HAPPEN IN THIS BEAUTIFUL WORLD.
AND THE PEOPLE HAVE DONE.	AND THE PEOPLE HAVE DONE.
I HOPE SOON THE PEOPLE RECOVERY.	I HOPE SOON THE PEOPLE RECOVERY.
Tale	Tale
Once upon a time, in the midle est, a huge motoclicle which has no good wheels.	Once upon a time, in the midle est, a huge motoclicle which has no good wheels.
So it can´t run around the park or even just be sitting at the corner of 5 avenue and 7 avenue.	So it can´t run around the park or even just be sitting at the corner of 5 avenue and 7 avenue.
Hi I´m new 	Hi I´m new 
Hellow my name is Marcela and I wanna talk about London cause I´d love to go there.	Hello, my name is Marcela and I want to talk about London because I´d love to go there.
South Africa and GM	South Africa and GM
 The relationship between ethics and business has been difficult since their beginnings.	 The relationship between ethics and business has been difficult since their beginnings.
Thanks to Plato, we can read about heated debates about this subject that took place more than 2.000 years ago.	Thanks to Plato, we can read about heated debates about this subject that took place more than 2.000 years ago.
In spite all of this, we can say that there is no clear answer about how much of ethics a business should have.	In spite all of this, we can say that there is no clear answer about how much of ethics a business should have.
To some, a business is just a commercial endeavor that should try it maximize its profits whit in the legal framework.	To some, a business is just a commercial endeavor that should try it maximize its profits whit in the legal framework.
On the other hand, a business enterprise can be seen as a integral participant of society.	On the other hand, a business enterprise can be seen as a integral participant of society.
Not excluded from the responsibilities that every citizen has.	Not excluded from the responsibilities that every citizen has.
Now days, this concept is called Corporate Social Responsibility.	Now days, this concept is called Corporate Social Responsibility.
It not only defines the domain of the business responsibilities towards the society, but also pursue an expanded stakeholders concept.	It not only defines the domain of the business responsibilities towards the society, but also pursue an expanded stakeholders concept.
A concept that indicates that the stakeholders of a business are not only their owners and customers, but also the whole society where it operates.	A concept that indicates that the stakeholders of a business are not only their owners and customers, but also the whole society where it operates.
If we consider a business with in this framework, it becomes much easier to understand the why GM stopped it’s operations in South Africa more than 20 Years ago.	If we consider a business with in this framework, it becomes much easier to understand the why GM stopped it’s operations in South Africa more than 20 Years ago.
The case about GM leaving South Africa cannot be analyzed as a isolated case1.	The case about GM leaving South Africa cannot be analyzed as a isolated case1.
It came after series of strikes, international sanctions and other companies decision to leave the country.	It came after series of strikes, international sanctions and other companies decision to leave the country.
This gives us a better idea to understand the reason behind it and later return to the country.	This gives us a better idea to understand the reason behind it and later return to the country.
Certainly, no company wants to leave a market that they are already established in.	Certainly, no company wants to leave a market that they are already established in.
Moreover, a manufacturing company like GM, would find particularly difficult to take such a decision.	Moreover, a manufacturing company like GM, would find particularly difficult to take such a decision.
The size of their operations and the time required to recover their investment makes the case for the company to stay.	The size of their operations and the time required to recover their investment makes the case for the company to stay.
Given this situation, how does GM ends up leaving the country, is an interesting case to analyze the extended stakeholders concept previously talked about.	Given this situation, how does GM ends up leaving the country, is an interesting case to analyze the extended stakeholders concept previously talked about.
In this case, the stakeholders were not only the african society, but the whole international community.	In this case, the stakeholders were not only the african society, but the whole international community.
The repudiation that generated the deeply disturbing nature of the apartheid, extended to the business domain as well.	The repudiation that generated the deeply disturbing nature of the apartheid, extended to the business domain as well.
Forcing some to leave the country to avoid damage to their reputation, something that would affect negatively their international operations.	Forcing some to leave the country to avoid damage to their reputation, something that would affect negatively their international operations.
At that time, GM, along other companies, had to balance their profit seeking nature with their responsibility to the society.	At that time, GM, along other companies, had to balance their profit seeking nature with their responsibility to the society.
However, this decision can be seen also as money-oriented, given the fact that they could lose business in the already desegregated United States.	However, this decision can be seen also as money-oriented, given the fact that they could lose business in the already desegregated United States.
Anyhow, the fact that the society also demand to the corporations to act responsibly, is definitely a positive thing.	Anyhow, the fact that the society also demand to the corporations to act responsibly, is definitely a positive thing.
 However, we cannot forget about the consequences of this decision to the south africans, white and blacks.	 However, we cannot forget about the consequences of this decision to the south africans, white and blacks.
Even though it can be seen as positive to pressure the government of south africa at that time with this kind of measures, it is undeniable the economic effect that it creates in the country.	Even though it can be seen as positive to pressure the government of south africa at that time with this kind of measures, it is undeniable the economic effect that it creates in the country.
With this kind of decisions, the most affected are the South Africans.	With this kind of decisions, the most affected are the South Africans.
Employment is lost, investment stops and the supply of goods diminishes.	Employment is lost, investment stops and the supply of goods diminishes.
Given this situation, to which society should corporations owe their responsibilities?	Given this situation, to which society should corporations owe their responsibilities?
The local or the global stakeholders?	The local or the global stakeholders?
Certainly, this can be a very difficult aspect to decide upon, as there are not clear answers.	Certainly, this can be a very difficult aspect to decide upon, as there are not clear answers.
We can see how negative are the prospects for the new local company, Delta Motor Corporation.	We can see how negative are the prospects for the new local company, Delta Motor Corporation.
In fact, the company did not perform as expected, limiting itself to the local market and not exploiting the potentially lucrative exports market.	In fact, the company did not perform as expected, limiting itself to the local market and not exploiting the potentially lucrative exports market.
Management-employee relation	Management-employee relation
 My background includes work as a IT consultant in XX.	 My background includes work as a IT consultant in XX.
I used to work in a IT company, and my focus was on help local companies to solve problems through IT, helping in the initial process of requirements analysis, development of the software and later implementation.	I used to work in a IT company, and my focus was on help local companies to solve problems through IT, helping in the initial process of requirements analysis, development of the software and later implementation.
In the 7 years that I was working in this field I faced challenges.	In the 7 years that I was working in this field I faced challenges.
Even though that most of my work was technical and analytical, the biggest challenges came from the difficulty to embrace change from the users of the IT solutions.	Even though that most of my work was technical and analytical, the biggest challenges came from the difficulty to embrace change from the users of the IT solutions.
I worked with many different industries, and this situation was present in almost everyone of them.	I worked with many different industries, and this situation was present in almost everyone of them.
It seemed that regardless of the size of the organization, industry, or capacity of the personal, change was, most of the time, avoided by the employees.	It seemed that regardless of the size of the organization, industry, or capacity of the personal, change was, most of the time, avoided by the employees.
 I also worked on a research project about promoting entrepreneurship on the area of technology.	 I also worked on a research project about promoting entrepreneurship on the area of technology.
During the research, I visited China, Singapore and South Africa.	During the research, I visited China, Singapore and South Africa.
It was clear how entrepreneurship was handled differently by the government of each country.	It was clear how entrepreneurship was handled differently by the government of each country.
They tried to adapt to their local culture, creating incentives that offered the best “Fit” for their entrepreneurs.	They tried to adapt to their local culture, creating incentives that offered the best “Fit” for their entrepreneurs.
While studying about this subject it came to my attention that entrepreneurs were open to change, and, in fact, were looking actively for change.	While studying about this subject it came to my attention that entrepreneurs were open to change, and, in fact, were looking actively for change.
This idea contrasted strongly against my former experience regarding people’s willingness to change.	This idea contrasted strongly against my former experience regarding people’s willingness to change.
 I had professional experiences of developing a system to handle customer requirements in a medium size service company in XXXX from August 2007 to July 2008.	 I had professional experiences of developing a system to handle customer requirements in a medium size service company in XXXX from August 2007 to July 2008.
The project was developed from scratch by our company.	The project was developed from scratch by our company.
We analyzed the requirements, proposed the solution, developed the software and implemented it.	We analyzed the requirements, proposed the solution, developed the software and implemented it.
At that time, it was one of the most challenging projects I had participated in, given its size and scope.	At that time, it was one of the most challenging projects I had participated in, given its size and scope.
Our company decided to put a lot of resources and focus on this project as it was seen as an opportunity for   future contracts.	Our company decided to put a lot of resources and focus on this project as it was seen as an opportunity for   future contracts.
The negotiations began with discussions of the objectives that the management - the contractor company-  was expecting to achieve with the new system.	The negotiations began with discussions of the objectives that the management - the contractor company-  was expecting to achieve with the new system.
They had many technical concerns, but the one that called my attention the must was that they were expecting to increase the quality of customer service by 100%.	They had many technical concerns, but the one that called my attention the must was that they were expecting to increase the quality of customer service by 100%.
Of course, that is natural to be expected, but how is going to measure I asked myself.	Of course, that is natural to be expected, but how is going to measure I asked myself.
As the project went on, I remembered this moment, and began to wonder again about it.	As the project went on, I remembered this moment, and began to wonder again about it.
 The project lasted about 10 months, of which we faced and overcame many difficulties.	 The project lasted about 10 months, of which we faced and overcame many difficulties.
For our company, the successful culmination of this particular project had high importance, therefore, they stressed out how necessary was to “please the customer”.	For our company, the successful culmination of this particular project had high importance, therefore, they stressed out how necessary was to “please the customer”.
However, sometimes it turned out to be quite difficult to decide to which customer we should please, given that company faced a situation of employees vs.	However, sometimes it turned out to be quite difficult to decide to which customer we should please, given that company faced a situation of employees vs.
management.	management.
Throughout the whole project we faced opposing attitudes toward the project.	Throughout the whole project we faced opposing attitudes toward the project.
The management clearly had strong hopes on the fact that the new system was going to provide a tool to measure the performance of the customer service of the company.	The management clearly had strong hopes on the fact that the new system was going to provide a tool to measure the performance of the customer service of the company.
However, it was clear that the employees were against that level of scrutiny.	However, it was clear that the employees were against that level of scrutiny.
After the time passed, we became certain about this situation.	After the time passed, we became certain about this situation.
The employees were against the new system, and they tried to stop its implementation.	The employees were against the new system, and they tried to stop its implementation.
 During the whole project we encounter different kinds of obstacles with the employees.	 During the whole project we encounter different kinds of obstacles with the employees.
It made the whole process a lot more difficult.	It made the whole process a lot more difficult.
In the data gathering period, the very start, while we were being pushed by the management to meet the deadlines, at the same time, the employees of the company refused to give us the critical information.	In the data gathering period, the very start, while we were being pushed by the management to meet the deadlines, at the same time, the employees of the company refused to give us the critical information.
Naturally, this created delays in this initial phase.	Naturally, this created delays in this initial phase.
However, we managed to overcome that situation and to continue to the development period.	However, we managed to overcome that situation and to continue to the development period.
Nevertheless, we kept facing difficulties.	Nevertheless, we kept facing difficulties.
Later, the employees also showed unwillingness to test the product.	Later, the employees also showed unwillingness to test the product.
This is a critical process in order to gather information about the product and continue with its development.	This is a critical process in order to gather information about the product and continue with its development.
At this time, the company management was also pressing us to show some results.	At this time, the company management was also pressing us to show some results.
This was a very stressing period for our company.	This was a very stressing period for our company.
We tried our best to handle the situation, and avoided report the situation with the employees to the management.	We tried our best to handle the situation, and avoided report the situation with the employees to the management.
 	 
 However, we were caught in the middle of an internal problem.	 However, we were caught in the middle of an internal problem.
By the end of the project, in the implementation period, the situation became intolerable.	By the end of the project, in the implementation period, the situation became intolerable.
The employees showed no interest in learning how to use the tool.	The employees showed no interest in learning how to use the tool.
By this time, the problem was already being reported to the management of the contractor company, still, we saw little or no improvement at all.	By this time, the problem was already being reported to the management of the contractor company, still, we saw little or no improvement at all.
By this moment we began to realize how deep the problem was.	By this moment we began to realize how deep the problem was.
We were facing not a typical resistance to change situation.	We were facing not a typical resistance to change situation.
Rather, an serious internal management  problem of the company.	Rather, an serious internal management  problem of the company.
Because of the advanced stage of the project, there was not much that we could do to improve the situation.	Because of the advanced stage of the project, there was not much that we could do to improve the situation.
 	 
 Fortunately, we could finish the project on time.	 Fortunately, we could finish the project on time.
Apart from some minor technical problems the software was running as planned.	Apart from some minor technical problems the software was running as planned.
Moreover, the management recognized the difficulty faced by us, and highly valued the work done.	Moreover, the management recognized the difficulty faced by us, and highly valued the work done.
Personally, it was an interesting situation for me.	Personally, it was an interesting situation for me.
It made see, closely but as an outsider, the difficulty faced by that company with it employees.	It made see, closely but as an outsider, the difficulty faced by that company with it employees.
How the work could not be accomplished in a effective way, and made me wonder about the reasons behind the problem.	How the work could not be accomplished in a effective way, and made me wonder about the reasons behind the problem.
Also, I began to think about possible ways to solve the situation.	Also, I began to think about possible ways to solve the situation.
To be honest, I did not have the tools to frame the situation in such a way that it becomes easier to analyze.	To be honest, I did not have the tools to frame the situation in such a way that it becomes easier to analyze.
Now, I will visit that situation once again, and try to analyze it using some of the frameworks learned while studying the MBA graduate program.	Now, I will visit that situation once again, and try to analyze it using some of the frameworks learned while studying the MBA graduate program.
 The framework selected to do this analysis will be the “Competency, Commitment, Congruency, Creativity”, the framework used in class.	 The framework selected to do this analysis will be the “Competency, Commitment, Congruency, Creativity”, the framework used in class.
Given the nature of the situation, its relationship to “soft” management issues, and the lack well established corporate goals, this framework represents an appropriate choice.	Given the nature of the situation, its relationship to “soft” management issues, and the lack well established corporate goals, this framework represents an appropriate choice.
Hopefully, it will help to organize the ideas and obtain some insights about this problem.	Hopefully, it will help to organize the ideas and obtain some insights about this problem.
The significance that the framework gives to organizational goals and alignment, is its most important advantage.	The significance that the framework gives to organizational goals and alignment, is its most important advantage.
Firstly, the problems will be described.	Firstly, the problems will be described.
Later, possible reasons and solutions from the framework’s point of view will be exposed.	Later, possible reasons and solutions from the framework’s point of view will be exposed.
Besides, the problems will be grouped into main areas.	Besides, the problems will be grouped into main areas.
For example, the problems regarding communication, creativity, decision making, and avoidance of responsibility, will be discussed within the “Competency-Commitment-Creativity” area.	For example, the problems regarding communication, creativity, decision making, and avoidance of responsibility, will be discussed within the “Competency-Commitment-Creativity” area.
On the other hand, the situation regarding organizational goals and interest alignment, will be analyzed as a “Congruency” matter.	On the other hand, the situation regarding organizational goals and interest alignment, will be analyzed as a “Congruency” matter.
 Among the problems faced, the most visible were those regarding lack of communication, avoidance of responsibility, and absence of decision making.	 Among the problems faced, the most visible were those regarding lack of communication, avoidance of responsibility, and absence of decision making.
We can find a clear example of a communication problem in the way that the contractor company management wanted the consultants to develop the application.	We can find a clear example of a communication problem in the way that the contractor company management wanted the consultants to develop the application.
They clearly avoided to openly  announce the new infrastructure plans to their employees.	They clearly avoided to openly  announce the new infrastructure plans to their employees.
Even thought this is a fairly common behavior in small and medium companies - were managers tend to take decisions in a less structured way, the impact of the new plans required the commitment from the employees.	Even thought this is a fairly common behavior in small and medium companies - were managers tend to take decisions in a less structured way, the impact of the new plans required the commitment from the employees.
The employees were not aware of the planned changes and felt being left behind by the management.	The employees were not aware of the planned changes and felt being left behind by the management.
This created a counterproductive situation that affected the whole company, as the management failed to obtain the commitment of a key factor; the system’s user, in this case the employees.	This created a counterproductive situation that affected the whole company, as the management failed to obtain the commitment of a key factor; the system’s user, in this case the employees.
In the successful development and later implementation of this kind of projects the user plays a crucial factor, since they are the ones that will decide result of the project by using it, or forcing to abandon it.	In the successful development and later implementation of this kind of projects the user plays a crucial factor, since they are the ones that will decide result of the project by using it, or forcing to abandon it.
Therefore, the commitment of the employees becomes an decisive factor when a organization wants to invest in this kind of projects.	Therefore, the commitment of the employees becomes an decisive factor when a organization wants to invest in this kind of projects.
 Also, without the commitment of its employees, the company would face another problem with its investment in IT; the resistance to change.	 Also, without the commitment of its employees, the company would face another problem with its investment in IT; the resistance to change.
Often employees with long experience with certain type of system, method or “way of doing things”, offer resistance to accept a new system that represents a big change from their traditional expertise area.	Often employees with long experience with certain type of system, method or “way of doing things”, offer resistance to accept a new system that represents a big change from their traditional expertise area.
Reason for this behavior may be related to uncertainty about the future and fear of becoming disposable in the organization.	Reason for this behavior may be related to uncertainty about the future and fear of becoming disposable in the organization.
However, even though it was not the case for this project, employees showed a strong resistance to change.	However, even though it was not the case for this project, employees showed a strong resistance to change.
For a consulting company, this is something to be expected when implementing this kind of system, given that these projects usually improve the measurement of the employee’s performance.	For a consulting company, this is something to be expected when implementing this kind of system, given that these projects usually improve the measurement of the employee’s performance.
This strong resistance to change can be seen as a consequence of the lack of commitment and the uncertainty about the diminish of their capabilities in some technical areas.	This strong resistance to change can be seen as a consequence of the lack of commitment and the uncertainty about the diminish of their capabilities in some technical areas.
Usually, consulting companies illustrate this kind of situation to the management at the start of a given project.	Usually, consulting companies illustrate this kind of situation to the management at the start of a given project.
Given the high stakes of the project for the consulting company, they decided to handle those situations internally, avoiding any possible friction with the management.	Given the high stakes of the project for the consulting company, they decided to handle those situations internally, avoiding any possible friction with the management.
In the end, the consultants were unable to handle the situation properly, and it had a negative impact in the project.	In the end, the consultants were unable to handle the situation properly, and it had a negative impact in the project.
Therefore, this situation should have been avoided by the consultants, by offering the management timely and proper advise on how to handle this situation.	Therefore, this situation should have been avoided by the consultants, by offering the management timely and proper advise on how to handle this situation.
 However, there were also other kind of internal problems that the consulting company could no help to solve.	 However, there were also other kind of internal problems that the consulting company could no help to solve.
Within the employees was a tendency to avoid responsibility and decision making	Within the employees was a tendency to avoid responsibility and decision making.
Also, there was no encouragement for creativity.	Also, there was no encouragement for creativity.
Therefore, the employees avoid to participate in the process of analyzing and improving the company’s procedures.	Therefore, the employees avoid to participate in the process of analyzing and improving the company’s procedures.
This created a gap between what the real problems were and what the consultants thought they were.	This created a gap between what the real problems were and what the consultants thought they were.
As a consequence, many methods had to be revised as they did not comply with the “reality” of the company.	As a consequence, many methods had to be revised as they did not comply with the “reality” of the company.
Creativity is needed to improve even the must tedious tasks, however, this project lacked of, what can be called, internal creativity.	Creativity is needed to improve even the must tedious tasks, however, this project lacked of, what can be called, internal creativity.
This lowers the company’s return on investment, as the result of the project may not be the optimal solution.	This lowers the company’s return on investment, as the result of the project may not be the optimal solution.
It can be concluded that the company should give more freedom to think out of the box to its employees.	It can be concluded that the company should give more freedom to think out of the box to its employees.
Also, establish clear rules to allow risk taking and decision making among the employees.	Also, establish clear rules to allow risk taking and decision making among the employees.
Therefore, the management should regard highly, creativity, risk taking and decision making among it employees.	Therefore, the management should regard highly, creativity, risk taking and decision making among it employees.
These attributes should be rewarded and promoted.	These attributes should be rewarded and promoted.
 The first impressions obtained in this situation were those previously illustrated.	 The first impressions obtained in this situation were those previously illustrated.
However, there was an underlying problem inside the contractor company.	However, there was an underlying problem inside the contractor company.
A problem related to lack of alignment between the employees and the management	A problem related to lack of alignment between the employees and the management.
Also, a lack of clear corporate goals became evident as the time passed.	Also, a lack of clear corporate goals became evident as the time passed.
Surely, there were general objectives established, but those seemed not to come from an agreement, rather a decision from the top.	Surely, there were general objectives established, but those seemed not to come from an agreement, rather a decision from the top.
This absence of clear and widely accepted corporate goals had a negative influence in the company’s performance.	This absence of clear and widely accepted corporate goals had a negative influence in the company’s performance.
For example, this poor performance in the company’s customer service area was the main reason for the decision to hire the consulting company.	For example, this poor performance in the company’s customer service area was the main reason for the decision to hire the consulting company.
They explicitly expressed the high expectation that they had in the new system’s results.	They explicitly expressed the high expectation that they had in the new system’s results.
Basically, they assumed that a new system would improve the customer service quality in a short period of time.	Basically, they assumed that a new system would improve the customer service quality in a short period of time.
It is clear now that these hopes had no real ground and it was not the right way to solve internal managerial problems.	It is clear now that these hopes had no real ground and it was not the right way to solve internal managerial problems.
 Among the most serious problem faced by the contractual company was the lack of agreement between managers and employees when deciding the next period corporate goals.	 Among the most serious problem faced by the contractual company was the lack of agreement between managers and employees when deciding the next period corporate goals.
We could learn from the employees that there was a intention to make the corporate goals decision process more open and reachable to the regular personnel.	We could learn from the employees that there was a intention to make the corporate goals decision process more open and reachable to the regular personnel.
However, because it seemed to be cumbersome, slow and difficult to carry out, the management decided to not follow it.	However, because it seemed to be cumbersome, slow and difficult to carry out, the management decided to not follow it.
As a result, the employees were excluded from this area of the decision making.	As a result, the employees were excluded from this area of the decision making.
A negative attitude towards those corporate goals within the employees was generated as a consequence of this decision.	A negative attitude towards those corporate goals within the employees was generated as a consequence of this decision.
The project that were undertaking suffered, as it was associated with them.	The project that were undertaking suffered, as it was associated with them.
Therefore, we were seen by the employees as a negative aspect of their company’s way of management.	Therefore, we were seen by the employees as a negative aspect of their company’s way of management.
 When we analyze this situation within the framework of MBO1, we can see possible problem with the company’s way of setting their corporate goals.	 When we analyze this situation within the framework of MBO1, we can see possible problem with the company’s way of setting their corporate goals.
Firstly, they overlooked the importance of agreement with the employees when setting their term goals.	Firstly, they overlooked the importance of agreement with the employees when setting their term goals.
Also, they did not strive to achieve alignment or congruency among all the factors in their organization.	Also, they did not strive to achieve alignment or congruency among all the factors in their organization.
These factors not only include the company’s management and personnel, but also their resources, environment and history should be taken in consideration when deciding the company’s future objectives.	These factors not only include the company’s management and personnel, but also their resources, environment and history should be taken in consideration when deciding the company’s future objectives.
By doing this, the company treated their employees as tools of the organizations, rather than an important part of it.	By doing this, the company treated their employees as tools of the organizations, rather than an important part of it.
Within this frame of thought, the attitude of the employees can be seen as natural.	Within this frame of thought, the attitude of the employees can be seen as natural.
Having the opportunity to met many of them, I can say that they were well educated, capable and intelligent employees.	Having the opportunity to met many of them, I can say that they were well educated, capable and intelligent employees.
If we apply the theory X and Y2 to this situation, we can conclude that the management regarded their employees as people who dislike work and naturally would reject any kind of extra work.	If we apply the theory X and Y2 to this situation, we can conclude that the management regarded their employees as people who dislike work and naturally would reject any kind of extra work.
Given this circumstances, the management would naturally believe that the employees will oppose this kind of project.	Given this circumstances, the management would naturally believe that the employees will oppose this kind of project.
Nevertheless, according to the framework of MBO, if the employees were invited to participate and aligned the goals to their mutual interests, the company could expect higher levels of commitment and motivation from them.	Nevertheless, according to the framework of MBO, if the employees were invited to participate and aligned the goals to their mutual interests, the company could expect higher levels of commitment and motivation from them.
Also, with goals that are challenging but obtainable, relevant, specific, measurable and time bound, they could increase even more the motivation of the employee, says the MBO framework.	Also, with goals that are challenging but obtainable, relevant, specific, measurable and time bound, they could increase even more the motivation of the employee, says the MBO framework.
 However, to align their corporate and individual goals would be only the beginning.	 However, to align their corporate and individual goals would be only the beginning.
The ultimate goal of this framework is to build the sense of trust between the employees and management.	The ultimate goal of this framework is to build the sense of trust between the employees and management.
Trust that will allow more freedom for the employees, and help to achieve the positive effects associated with their empowerment.	Trust that will allow more freedom for the employees, and help to achieve the positive effects associated with their empowerment.
Among these effects we can observe an increase of creativity, skills capacity, and better decision making, the framework points out.	Among these effects we can observe an increase of creativity, skills capacity, and better decision making, the framework points out.
However, all these benefits will only be obtained after few cycles of goals setting have been carried out.	However, all these benefits will only be obtained after few cycles of goals setting have been carried out.
Each cycle would need the management to act as a coach rather than a vigilant boss.	Each cycle would need the management to act as a coach rather than a vigilant boss.
A coach is someone who helps you to solve the problems along the way.	A coach is someone who helps you to solve the problems along the way.
This was certainly needed in the company, as managers were not aware of the problems that were occurring.	This was certainly needed in the company, as managers were not aware of the problems that were occurring.
Also, the coach is in charge of promoting communication between the different departments in the company.	Also, the coach is in charge of promoting communication between the different departments in the company.
A good coach promotes daily a informal communication, values the employee’s potential and offers the training needed to improve their weaknesses.	A good coach promotes daily a informal communication, values the employee’s potential and offers the training needed to improve their weaknesses.
We could see how the company lacked of this kind of communication between employees and managers.	We could see how the company lacked of this kind of communication between employees and managers.
By the end of the period, proper assessment of those goals should be done.	By the end of the period, proper assessment of those goals should be done.
Rewarding not only the achievements, but also other values seen by the management in the process.	Rewarding not only the achievements, but also other values seen by the management in the process.
This assessment should be considered as a key factor in the future goal setting cycle.	This assessment should be considered as a key factor in the future goal setting cycle.
Therefore, if the employees were involved in this kind of cycle, the project would have certainly received more support from them.	Therefore, if the employees were involved in this kind of cycle, the project would have certainly received more support from them.
 The employees did not seem to consider the success of the new project as a personal goals.	 The employees did not seem to consider the success of the new project as a personal goals.
In fact, they were oppose to it since the beginning.	In fact, they were oppose to it since the beginning.
Our consulting company realized about this, however, they could not do anything about it.	Our consulting company realized about this, however, they could not do anything about it.
They were caught in the middle of the situation.	They were caught in the middle of the situation.
If the management had taking the time to align their corporate goals with their employees, this  process could have been a better investment for the company.	If the management had taking the time to align their corporate goals with their employees, this  process could have been a better investment for the company.
The employees needed to realize how a better measurement of their performance (a benefit of the new project) would increase the possibility of the company to reward positive attitudes, rather than penalize negative ones.	The employees needed to realize how a better measurement of their performance (a benefit of the new project) would increase the possibility of the company to reward positive attitudes, rather than penalize negative ones.
Sadly, the company failed to achieve congruency among all their participants.	Sadly, the company failed to achieve congruency among all their participants.
Hi everybody	Hi everybody
Hi, I'm Álvaro, from Madrid, Spain.	Hi, I'm Álvaro, from Madrid, Spain.
This is my first entry.	This is my first entry.
I'm studying english by Internet, my level is intermediate and I have to improve at writing and speaking.	I'm studying English on the Internet, my level is intermediate* and I have to improve my writing and speaking.
I hope people from here can help me with writing at least!	I hope people from here can at least help me with writing!
I could help people who is learning spanish.	I could help people who are learning Spanish.
Bye!	Bye!
looking for real love pen pals from japan	looking for real love pen pals from japan
looking for real love pen pals from japan 	looking for real love pen pals from japan 
i m 20 old girl from USA	i m 20 old girl from USA
Another day	Another day
I'm leaving the country I repeat again.	I'm leaving the country. Again I repeat: I'm leaving the country. 
It's so unbelieveable I've got to say it many times.	It's so unbelievable that I have to say it many times.
But as I think of that another thought comes to my mind, and that is the fact that the person who was supposed to be my best friend has just demostrated me she is not.	As I think of it, another thought comes to my mind, and that is the fact that the person who was supposed to be my best friend has just demonstrated to me that she is not.
I'm sick and tired to have to deal with such a relationship.	I'm sick and tired of having to deal with such a relationship.
I dont wanna be given any choices, I dont wanna adapt myself to anybody else's whims.	I don't want to be given any choices, I don't want to make myself adapt to anybody else's whims.
Its so annoying!	Its so annoying!
But I also think that the fact that I am not getting along with so many people might bare a very frustating meaning: that its I who have a problem.	However, I also think that the fact that I am not getting along with so many people might bare a very frustrating meaning: that it's I who have a problem.
I don't really know what Im doing wrong, I always try to be myself and to respect my classmates, parents, teachers, motherfuckers...	I don't really know what I'm doing wrong. I always try to be myself and to respect my classmates, parents, teachers, etc...
It's sad...	It's sad...
since there's nobody sorrounding me I feel I have got to recognize that I truly need of others...	Since there's nobody sorrounding me, I've come to realize that I am truly in need of others.
I used to think that I was so conservative I could believe in myself, love myself, and create a world to myself...	I used to think that I was so conservative;that I could believe in myself, love myself, and create a world for myself,
But now everything's so fragile...	but now everything's so fragile.
I'm broken because I'm alone.	I'm broken because I'm alone.
I'm a Fenix though...	I'm a Phoenix though.
One day this won't hurt I just need to understand myself better...	One day this won't hurt as much. I just need to understand myself better.
Here	Here
Im in Virginia, williamsburg.	I'm in Virginia, Williamsburg.
I JUst wanted to write something...	I JUst wanted to write something...
I really feel like having a little bit of english into my mind before i start working today because i want everybody to really understand what i wanna convey and of course i wanna be ready to answer questions or request at the store i hope my job is not so difficult and that i may leanr a lot of new stuff...	I really feel like having a little bit of English in my mind before I start working today, because I want everybody to really understand what I wanna convey and of course I wanna be ready to answer questions or requests at the store. I hope my job is not so difficult and that I can learn a lot of new stuff...
God please make me very smart and wise its incresdibly difficult to be in another country...	God please make me very smart and wise as it's incredibly difficult to be in another country...
especvially if its in here because everything is so far away from everything...	especially here because everything is so far away from everything else...
its gonna be time for me to work...	It's almost gonna be time for me to work...
nwanna cry sometimes but i cant in front of all these people and i cant eat anything....	I wanna cry sometimes but I cant in front of all these people and I can't eat anything....
every time i put sth into my mouth i go to the bathro...	every time i put sth into my mouth i go to the bathro...
and...	and...
gone...	gone...
i gotta become a woman soon because otherwise i wont survive here and i dont wanna return to my country.	i gotta become a woman soon because otherwise i wont survive here and i dont wanna return to my country.
i need to properly digest...	i need to properly digest...
why cant i???	why cant i???
i dont wanna buy newe clothes,...	I don't wanna buy new clothes,...
maybe its normal and im doing a fuss?	maybe its normal and I'm just being fussy?
if only somebody could hug me and tell me that everythings gonna be alright...	if only somebody could hug me and tell me that everythings gonna be alright...
i need to know that im smart enough to do my job and to communicate and all that shit...	i need to know that im smart enough to do my job and to communicate and all that shit...
ok ok i think that ive said a lot of stuff and not in the proper academic manner because my objective was simply to talk about my feelings in a place i think none of my relatives will reach...	ok ok i think that ive said a lot of stuff and not in the proper academic manner because my objective was simply to talk about my feelings in a place i think none of my relatives will reach...
hats it going to the b...	hats it going to the b...
too much information...	too much information...
i have to feel well	i have to feel well
please...	please...
Hi everyone	Hi everyone
Hi everyone, I hope you take this into account because I am a really hardworking person who wants to improve her English no matter how many times she's told she's got a Chinese accent, her grammar is weak sometimes or whatsoever.	Hi everyone, I hope you take into account that I am a hardworking person who wants to improve their English no matter how many times I'm told I have a Chinese accent, my grammar is weak sometimes or whatever.
It has always been for me an understandable thing whether I talk or write in an acceptable way.	It has always been for me an understandable thing whether I talk or write in an acceptable way.
I just want to learn English in a natural way because what I've noticed about my English is that I tend to exaggerate everything I say and as a consequence I sound fake it seems...	I just want my English to become more natural because I've noticed that when I use my English I tend to exaggerate everything I say and as a consequence I sound fake
That's why I'm travelling to the States this year...	That's why I'm travelling to the States this year...
when Dec arrives.	when Dec arrives.
I think It'll be the 13th like at 7 o' clock.	I think it'll be on the 13th around 7 o' clock.
It should be an awsome experience because Ive never been abroad and Im quite a little girl though Im 21...	It should be an awsome experience because I've never been abroad and I still feel like a little girl though I'm 21...
Im supposed to work in there and I dont even know how to cook or clean because everything I've wanted has been gioven to me froma very early period.	I'm supposed to work there and I don't even know how to cook or clean because everything I've wanted has been given to me from a very early period.
So, as you may have noticed this is going to be quite an adventure for me.	So, as you may have noticed this is going to be quite an adventure for me.
I am gonna miss a lot of people and think Ill be missed for some.	I am going to miss a lot of people and think some will miss me.
I want to buy lots of things and have some short holidays...	I want to buy lots of things and have some short holidays...
However it won't be possible as Ive come to accept.	Unfortunately, I've come to accept that this will not be possible.
Ive decided to go to the States even though I could use that money in order for my sister to study something at some university or whatever institution for superior studies...	Ive decided to go to the States even though I could use that money in order for my sister to study something at some university or whatever institution for superior studies...
This is not going to be easy.	This is not going to be easy.
Definetely.	Definetely.
I just know that I make a big effort so that I do not lose my job and...	I just need to make a big effort so that I do not lose my job and...
that I can send money to my family..	so that I can send money to my family..
because hard times will come and gotta be strong...	because hard times will come and I need to be strong...
God's gonna be there...	God will be there...
I'll be in Virginia in 17 days more	I'll be in Virginia in 17 days.
I'll be in Virginia in 17 days more.	I'll be in Virginia in 17 days. .
Thta is amazing for me because I've never been abroad before.	That is amazing to me because I've never been abroad before.
It is also amazing because of the fact that I am not quite an independent person.	It is also amazing because of the fact that I am not quite an independent person.
Everything I've wanted has been given to me just as I asked for it.	Everything I've ever wanted has just been given to me if I asked for it.
My mother is the person I blame for this situation.	I blame my mother for this situation.
She's so deeply loved me that now I'm a 21 year old girl who has never worked, cooked, and really suffered from the hardships of life...	She loved me so much that now I'm a 21 year old girl who has never worked, cooked, and really suffered from the hardships of life...
It is gonna be so amazing that every decision I will make will have a consequence, so I will make mistakes and learn from them instead of being protected by everybody...	It is gonna be so amazing that every decision I will make will have a consequence. I will make mistakes and learn from them instead of being protected by everybody...
I'm so obsessed with the English language...	I'm so obsessed with the English language...
Every now and then I learn some new things but my hunger still grows and grows...	Every now and then I learn some new things but my hunger still grows and grows...
I know I am going to spend too many years studying this language.	I know I am going to spend many years studying this language.
I really need to feel sure of the knowledge I have.	I really need to be confident with the knowledge I have.
It is hard to think that I will become a teacher of English one day and there are so many things I don't have a clue as to how to convey them in my second language...	It is hard to think that I will become a teacher of English one day when there are so many things I don't have a clue as to how to convey them in my second language...
I want to feel sure because everytime I am corrected at University I suffer a lot because I am just a student who needs a lot of encouragement to continue to use the language rather than hard corrections which are not intended for the student to improve...	I want to feel sure because everytime I am corrected at University I suffer a lot because I am a student who needs a lot of encouragement to continue to use the language rather than hard corrections which are not intended for the student to improve...
I feel terribly fat.	I feel terribly fat.
Thank you, only you, but just if you read me, and then remember me.	Thank you for reading this.
Que estacion del ano te gusta mas?	Que estacion del ano te gusta mas?
Vivo en Michigan y me gusta mucho el otono....	Vivo en Michigan y me gusta mucho el otono....
y el menos que me gusta es el invierno, no por lo frio sino por la nieve..	y el menos que me gusta es el invierno, no por lo frio sino por la nieve..
Cual es tu preferido y porque?	Cual es tu preferido y porque?
Work	Work
Today I went to work for my mother and put me work for today..	Today I went to my mother's work and she put me to work the whole day..
Hoy fui al trabajo de mi mama y me puso a trabajar todo el dia..	Hoy fui al trabajo de mi mama y me puso a trabajar todo el dia..
new teacher	new teacher
It's been a long time since I've written anything, I´ll try to explain how I feel now!	It's been a long time since I've written anything, I´ll try to explain how I feel now!
My life is good I think because I am studying at the university and I have a lot friends I love them.	My life is good I think because I am studying at the university and I have a lot friends I love them.
I have a lot of homework, currently I have a teacher...	I have a lot of homework, currently I have a teacher...
well, he´s a good teacher but he is very demanding.	well, he´s a good teacher but he is very demanding.
Sometimes I feel that I can´t do it but in that moment I think YOU CAN´T QUIT becuase I WANT TO BE BETTER and I need obstacles for me to be better.	Sometimes I feel that I can´t do it but in that moment I think YOU CAN´T QUIT becuase I WANT TO BE BETTER and I need obstacles for me to be better.
my local hero	my local hero
I would like to write about my local hero, I think that I haven´t I couldn't tell you who the main community hero is because, I don’t spend a lot of time in my neighborhood.	I would like to write about my local hero, I think that I haven´t I couldn't tell you who the main community hero is because, I don’t spend a lot of time in my neighborhood.
However, I have a lot of heroes.	However, I have a lot of heroes.
Sometimes I think that each person is It seems like everyone has been my hero at some point in my life.	Sometimes I think that each person is It seems like everyone has been my hero at some point in my life.
Currently my hero is my friend “Borrego”( Bighorn), he´s a man who cares for and helps others by example when aid in an elderly raising money by Raffles acyl can or currently with the problem of Haiti became volunteer viveres collection centres to help without any interest the attends the same schoolthat I;he is not a perfect, but when it comes to helping others he is always willing to lend a hand in support	Currently my hero is my friend “Borrego”( Bighorn), he´s a man who cares for and helps others by example when aid in an elderly raising money by Raffles acyl can or currently with the problem of Haiti became volunteer viveres collection centres to help without any interest the attends the same schoolthat I;he is not a perfect, but when it comes to helping others he is always willing to lend a hand in support
Comparison Composition	Comparison Composition
Being single and being married.	Being single and being married.
Being single is better than being married because being single are freer than being married.	Being single is better than being married because being single you are freer than being married.
You can do anything.	You can do anything.
Being single has least responsibility than being married, you don’t have to explain to anyone.	Being single has less responsibility than being married, you don’t have to explain yourself to anyone.
Being married is not as free as being single.	Being married is not as free as being single.
If you want be happy don’t get married.	People say that if you want to be happy don’t get married.
I think being married is more wonderful than being single.	I think being married is more wonderful than being single.
Hi	Hi
Hi i'm Isaias	Hi i'm Isaias
Comparisons	Comparisons
Calgary is not nearly as hot as Mexico.	Calgary is not nearly as hot as Mexico.
Mexico is just as beutiful as Canada.	Mexico is just as beautiful as Canada.
My town is as big as Calgy.	My town is as big as Calgary.
Mexico is not nerly as big as Canada.	Mexico is not nearly as big as Canada.
Mexico is as dangerous as Canada .	Mexico is as dangerous as Canada .
Calgary is as small as Mexico city.	Calgary is as small as Mexico city.
Downtown of Mexico is as big as Calgary's.	Downtown Mexico is as big as Downtown Calgary.
Downtown of Mexico is nearly as nice as Calgary's.	Downtown Mexico is nearly as nice as Downtown Calgary.
Canada have just as nice places as Mexico.	Canada has places which are just as nice as Mexico.
Mexico is just as continent as Canada.	Mexico is just as continent as Canada.
Mexico is as hot as Canada.	Mexico is as hot as Canada.
My town is as nice as Calgary's.	My town is as nice as Calgary.
My country is not nearly as cold as Canada.	My country is not nearly as cold as Canada.
My city is biger than Calgary.	My city is bigger than Calgary.
Mexico is smaller than Canda.	Mexico is smaller than Canda.
Town 	Town 
My hometown is smallest than calgary town 	My hometown is smaller than Calgary.
COMPLIMENT  COMPREHENSION	COMPLIMENT  COMPREHENSION
Comprehension	Comprehension
1) What are some of the circumstances given in the video for when it is appropriate to give compliments?	1) What are some of the circumstances given in the video for when it is appropriate to give compliments?
Clothing.	Clothing.
Cooking and Taste or Choice.	Cooking and Taste or Choice.
2) What are three other words that can mean 'compliment'.	2) What are three other words that can mean 'compliment'.
Cajole.	Cajole.
Flatter.	Flatter.
Praise.	Praise.
3) What are three other words that mean the opposite of 'compliment'.	3) What are three other words that mean the opposite of 'compliment'.
Diss.	Diss.
Scorn.	Scorn.
Criticise.	Criticise.
4) Why do we compliment other people?	4) Why do we compliment other people?
Because describe tow or more items or things that go together well.	Because describe two or more items or things that go together well.
5) Why are compliments not "well-received"?	5) Why are compliments not "well-received"?
Why does it happen that sometimes people are unhappy to receive compliments.	Why does it happen that sometimes people are unhappy to receive compliments.
Because may believe that you do not really mean what you are saying.	Because they may believe that you do not really mean what you are saying.
And if you use them too often, they will start to sound fake or insincere.	And if you use them too often, they will start to sound fake or insincere.
compliments my opinion 	compliments my opinion 
My opinion	My opinion
1.-Do you like to receive compliments?	1.-Do you like to receive compliments?
Why or why not?	Why or why not?
No I don’t like.	No I don’t like receiving compliments
Because I am embarrassed when someone say that.	because I feel embarrassed
2.	2.
- Who usually gives you compliments?	- Who usually gives you compliments?
What kind of things to they compliment on?	What kind of things to they compliment on?
Usually my family when I wear suit.	Usually my family when I wear a suit.
May family say… look good to you.	My family says, "Looks good on you."
3.-Who do you usually compliment?	3.-Who do you usually compliment?
What do you say?	What do you say?
My girlfriend I say today you are the most beautiful girl in the word.	My girlfriend. Today I told her, "You are the most beautiful girl in the world."
Other is call to heaven, I think they lost an angel.	Another is, "Call heaven, I think they lost an angel."
4.	4.
- What is the nicest compliment you have ever received?	- What is the nicest compliment you have ever received?
I don’t know.	I don’t know.
I never received compliment.	I never receive compliments.
5.	5.
- In your culture, how do people normally react to receiving a compliment?	- In your culture, how do people normally react to receiving a compliment?
What is the polite thing to say?	What is the polite thing to say?
In my country usually the girls.	In my country, we usually give compliments to girls.
Is common.	It's common.
I am a commoner who serves the most beautiful of queens.	For example: "I am a commoner who serves the most beautiful of queens."
George - 12th september, Los Angeles (USA), 47	George - 12th september, Los Angeles (USA), 47
(Note: This it's a fiction story.)	(Note: This is a fiction story.)
Hi.	Hi.
Thanks so much for your card.	Thanks so much for your card.
How are things?	How are things?
Here I hear shots every evening.	Here I hear shots every evening.
Yeah, it's a dangerous place, but I haven't much money and my salary isn't big.	Yeah, it's a dangerous place, but I haven't much money and I don't earn a lot.
Despite everything, I'm not thinking of going back home.	Despite everything, I'm not thinking of going back home.
The danger is the price of my independence, and I won't go back.	The danger is the price of my independence, and I won't go back.
I sure that you think that I'm crazy, but for me it isn't important.	I'm sure that you think that I'm crazy, but for me it isn't important.
Like you know, I'm a journalist.	As you know, I'm a journalist.
The commute is long.	The commute is long.
In car I get to work in 30 minutes.	By car I can get to work in 30 minutes.
I can't say the name of the newspaper, but it's very important and it pays me a misery.	I can't say the name of the newspaper, but it's very important and it pays me a misery.
My cat sends his love!	My cat sends his love!
Anyway, that's about it for the moment.	Anyway, that's about it for the moment.
Look after yourselft and keep in touch.	Look after yourselft and keep in touch.
All the best,	All the best,
George.	George.
PS: Can you lend me 1000€?	PS: Can you lend me 1000€?
What a winter	What a winter
In the winter one of the fearest things is the cold temperature.	In the winter one of the scariest things is the cold temperature. --> OR "In the winter, one of the things I fear is the cold temperature"
However I find this is not the worst.	However I find this is not the worst.
For me the darkness is the most undesired.	For me, the darkness is the worst.
It is not really nice to awake being obscure and to go home after work obscure again.	It is not really nice to awake being obscure and to go home after work obscure again. --> What do you mean? "Obscure" is the wrong word here...
Now the sun is rising around 7:30am and going down around 4:30pm, but with a little more of time it will become more intense.	Now the sun is rises around 7:30am and goes down around 4:30pm, but soon it will become more intense.
Anyway, as my wife says this serves to give us a better enjoying of the sunshine.	Anyway, as my wife says, this allows us to better enjoy the sunshine.
And it is worthy to see what a happiness the people show in Spring season.	And it is worth it to see the happiness people show in Spring season.
As the flowers begin to come out and the rays of the sun start to pop out the smiles appear again in the face of the people.	As the flowers begin to come out, and the rays of the sun start to pop out, the smiles appear again on people's faces.
Presentation	Introduction
Hi everybody.	Hi everybody.
My name is Jeffrey, I am from Cuba; but now I am in Germany making my PhD.	My name is Jeffrey, I am from Cuba; but now I am in Germany getting my PhD.
I am 27 years old and I am married since 5 years with a really nice woman called Yaime.	I am 27 years old and I have been married for 5 years to a really nice woman, whose name is Yaime.
I would like to improve my english and I thought maybe it would be a good opportunity to share in this site.	I would like to improve my english and I thought maybe it would be a good opportunity to share it on this site.
My mother language is Spanish, so I will be happy to help other people too.	My mother tongue is Spanish, so I will be happy to help other people too.
I find it is a difficult task to build a good vocabulary and it takes time, but this is one of the main areas I'd like to improve.	I find it difficult to build a good vocabulary and it takes time, but this is one of the main areas I'd like to improve.
Of course, there are a lot of things I have to improve including my grammar.	Of course, there are a lot of things I have to improve, including my grammar.
I am graduated from Biochemistry in the Havana University and I work in the field of the Neurosciences.	I graduated from Havana University with a degree in biochemistry and I work in .
Specially I work with electrophysiology in freely moving rats.	Specifically, I work with electrophysiology of freely moving rats.
I hope I can have a big profit in this site.	I hope I can gain a lot from this site.
Greetings	Greetings,
Jeffrey	Jeffrey
My first post	My first post
I'm new in this site, I like to learn much english and I help you with you spanish.	I'm new to this site, I'd like to learn english and I can help you with your spanish.
Thanks!	Thanks!
Bye bye!	Bye bye!
This is me(8)	This is me(8)
I'm going to start the use of this site by introduced myself.	I'm going to start the use of this site by introducing myself.
I'm Khanon -it is my artistic name-, but my parents gave me the name of Francisca, so you can call me Khanon, Francisca, Fran, Pancha...	I'm Khanon -it is my artistic name-, but my parents gave me the name of Francisca, so you can call me Khanon, Francisca, Fran, Pancha...
I do not know.	I do not know.
I'm 21 years -yes, i'm older- but sometimes I am like a little girl.	I'm 21 years -yes, i'm old- but sometimes I am like a little girl. 
This sound very stupid but it is the truth xD	This sounds very stupid but it is the truth xD
In my free time I sleep or play Ragnarok Online -It is a good game, but if you do not have control, you can spend all the night playing-	In my spare time I sleep or play Ragnarok Online -It is a good game, but if you do not have control, you can spend all night playing-
Oh, I almost forget why I'm here xD.	Oh, I almost forgot why I'm here xD.
I'm a native speaker of Spanish and I'm trying to improve my English as I'm study a teaching programm of English at the University of Santiago of Chile (USACH)	I'm a native speaker of Spanish and I'm trying to improve my English as I'm studing a teaching program of English at the University of Santiago of Chile (USACH).
Certainly, I'm not good writing in English and I still making silly mistakes, so I added to this website in onder to improve my writing -and speaking- skill.	Certainly, I'm not good writing in English and I still make silly mistakes, so I joined this website in order to improve my writing -and speaking- skills.
Well, I already said that.	Well, I already said that.
What else?	What else?
Well, I also hope to know people from other countries as a way to keep practicing the English and...	Well, I also hope to know people from other countries as a way to keep practicing the English and...
that's all n.	that's all n.
n	n
I hope you can help me n_n	I hope you can help me n_n
Bye bye	Bye bye
P.	P.
S.	S.
I have a rat as a pet, I let you a picture of she.	I have a rat as a pet, here's a picture of her.
She is so cute!!!	She is so cute!!!
Rag Doll	Rag Doll
And there is the abandoned rag doll who wants to play.	And there is the abandoned rag doll who wants to play.
Those silky clothes that used to be beautiful are now just a trace of what they were; they are shreds of the beauty that they used to have.	Those silky clothes that used to be beautiful are now just a trace of what they were; they are shreds of the beauty that they used to have.
Her eyes are sewn with silky thread which is too old that it can snap.	Her eyes are sewn with silky thread which is too old that it can snap.
However, the rag doll is still smiling.	However, the rag doll is still smiling.
The rag doll believes that someone will return to play with her and that’s why she still smiling.	The rag doll believes that someone will return to play with her and that’s why she still smiling.
‘Come to play with me,’ the rag doll cries to everyone who walks near her, though nobody sees her.	‘Come to play with me,’ the rag doll cries to everyone who walks near her, though nobody sees her.
‘It’s not people’s fault, I’m on the garbage,’ she thinks.	‘It’s not people’s fault, I’m on the garbage,’ she thinks.
‘Come to play with me,’ the smiling rag doll sings; nobody sees her yet.	‘Come to play with me,’ the smiling rag doll sings; nobody sees her yet.
‘Poor people, they must be blind’, the doll thinks.	‘Poor people, they must be blind’, the doll thinks.
However, people do not see the real beauty of the doll; they saw a rag doll with shredding clothes, whose eyes are almost falling.	However, people do not see the real beauty of the doll; they saw a rag doll with shredding clothes, whose eyes are almost falling.
Poor people who cannot see the golden heart of the rag doll, nobody can notice the treasure hidden in her heart.	Poor people who cannot see the golden heart of the rag doll, nobody can notice the treasure hidden in her heart.
The doll only wants to play and make somebody happy; she wants to makewhoever plays with her happy.	The doll only wants to play and make somebody happy; she wants to makewhoever plays with her happy.
Even though her shredding and dirty clothes or her pale eyes, as they have lost their bright, the rag doll has a lot to give and she does not want anything in exchange, she only wants give all that she is… Can you see what the doll can give?	Even though her shredding and dirty clothes or her pale eyes, as they have lost their bright, the rag doll has a lot to give and she does not want anything in exchange, she only wants give all that she is… Can you see what the doll can give?
This is a short story made by me, it is originally posted on deviantart.	This is a short story made by me, it is originally posted on deviantart.
com.	com.
Next stop: Japan	Next stop: Japan
Hello!	Hello!
My name is Natalia.	My name is Natalia.
I'm 19 years old and I'm Argentinian.	I'm 19 years old and I'm Argentinian.
This very Sunday I'm flying to Tokyo, Japan.	This very Sunday I'm flying to Tokyo, Japan.
I can't find enough words to express how much exited I am!	I can't find enough words to express how much exited I am!
I started studying Japanese when I was 15 years old, because since I was a little girl, I've always liked Japanese anime, manga and videogames.	I started studying Japanese when I was 15 years old, because since I was a little girl, I've always liked Japanese anime, manga and videogames.
The reason I'm traveling is because I want to practise my speech with Japanese people.	The reason I'm traveling is because I want to practise my speech with Japanese people.
Therefore, I'm going to stay at a young couple's appartament for two weeks.	Therefore, I'm going to stay at a young couple's appartament for two weeks.
It will be fun for sure!	It will be fun for sure!
They don't speak any Spanish (which is my native language) and I think this will be some kind of challenge to me :)	They don't speak any Spanish (which is my native language) and I think this will be some kind of challenge to me :)
But if I can't really understand them, I can always cheat and speak a little bit of English :P	But if I can't really understand them, I can always cheat and speak a little bit of English :P
Thanks for reading!	Thanks for reading!
Social Service	Social Service
Right now I'm doing the Social Service in the Self-Acces Center of my Faculty.	Right now I'm doing the Social Service in the Self-Access Center of my Faculty. The terms sound a bit weird in English...I don't know what you mean by "Social Service", and by "faculty" I think you mean department. Faculty = the professors.
The S-A Center is a place where people who are studying a language can practice any skill they want.	The S-A Center is a place where people who are studying a language can practice any skill they want.
We have material for English, Italian, French, German, Latin and a little of Chinese and Japanese.	We have material for English, Italian, French, German, Latin and a little of Chinese and Japanese.
I like working here after classes, even if I'm tired, because it feels nice to be surrounded by people who likes languages.	I like working here after classes, even if I'm tired, because it feels nice to be surrounded by people who like languages.
Once I finish my service, I'll keep coming back to watch all the movies available an to read some books in English.	Once I finish my service, I'll keep coming back to watch all the movies available and to read some books in English.
I still have a long way to go, phrasal verbs are hard to remember, I need more practice.	I still have a long way to go, phrasal verbs are hard to remember, I need more practice.
However, as most students who come to the Center have a low English level, I can help them and give advise about elemental issues.	However, as most students who come to the Center have a low English level, I can help them and give advice on basic issues.
Tomorrow, I'll supervise a short Conversation Practice with a student.	Tomorrow, I'll supervise a short Conversation Practice with a student.
I don't like him as a person, but it's my job and I'll do it well.	I don't like him as a person, but it's my job and I'll do it well.
Bye!!	Bye!!
Crazy pilot	Crazy pilot
This morning I have read a notice in the newspaper which surprised me a lot.	This morning I read something in the newspaper which surprised me a lot.
This morning I have read a notice in the newspaper which surprised me a lot.	This morning I read an article in the newspaper which surprised me a lot.
This notice talked about a pilot who turned up too drunk to fly.	The article talked about a pilot who turned up too drunk to fly.
This notice talked about a pilot who turned up too drunk to fly.	This article talked about a pilot who turned up too drunk to fly.
This pilot has been jailed for six months because he had four times the flying limit of 20 mL of alcohol per 100 mL of blood.	This pilot has been jailed for six months because he had a blood alcohol concentration of four times the flying limit of 20 mL of alcohol per 100 mL
It is incredible!!	That is incredible!!
I didn´t surprise the rate of alcohol in blood of this guy, I surprised they can to fly with 19 mL of alcohol per 100 mL of blood!!	I wasn't surprised at the rate of alcohol in this guy's blood, I was surprised that they can fly with 19 mL of alcohol per 100 mL of blood!!
I didn´t surprise the rate of alcohol in blood of this guy, I surprised they can to fly with 19 mL of alcohol per 100 mL of blood!!	I wasn't surprised at the amount of alcohol in this guy's blood, I was surprised they are allowed to fly with 19 mL of alcohol per 100 mL of blood!!
after two whiskies!!	After two whiskies!!
after two whiskies!!	or after two whiskies!!
Are they crazy?	Are they crazy?
A pilot can not to drink alcohol if he has to fly, nothing!!	A pilot cannot drink alcohol if he has to fly, nothing!!
A pilot can not to drink alcohol if he has to fly, nothing!!	A pilot cannot drink alcohol if he has to fly, nothing!!
Barbeque	Barbeque
Dear Matteo,	Dear Matteo,
As you know, I have been sick the last week.	As you know, I have been sick this last week.
I had fever, cough, mucus and pain on my left cheekbone.	I had a fever, a cough, mucus and a pain on my left cheekbone.
I went to the doctor because I was worry.	I went to the doctor because I was worried.
He examined me and told me I had sinusitis.	He examined me and told me I had sinusitis.
He gave me an prescription and the treatment could stop the infection.	He gave me a prescription and said the treatment would stop the infection.
I was thinking about doing a barbeque at my home the next saturday to celebrate my recover.	I was thinking about having a barbecue at my home next Saturday, to celebrate my recovery.
You can see my address above, so you can find my house in google maps.	You'll see my address above, so you can find my house on Google maps.
However, I am going to give you some directions to my flat from the College.	However, I am going to give you some directions to my flat from the College.
Go straightly along Peter Street and take the second turnig on the right.	Go straight along Peter Street and take the second turning on the right.
Keep going along that street until you get to Shaftesbury Avenue.	Keep going along that street until you get to Shaftesbury Avenue.
Then, turn right and go along the road until you get to Picadilly circus.	Then, turn right and go along the road until you get to Piccadilly Circus.
Take the number 159 bus toward Brixton.	Take the number 159 bus towards Brixton.
Get off at Jebb Avenue/Brixton Prison bus stop.	Get off at the Jebb Avenue/Brixton Prison bus stop.
Then, you only have to go across the road and you are on Jebb Avenue.	Then, you only have to go across the road and you are in Jebb Avenue.
My building is on the first turning on left.	My building is down the first turning on the left.
You can not miss it.	You can not miss it.
One thing else, can you come early, at 12.00 am?	One more thing , can you come early, say at 12.00 pm?
I will need help with the organization.	I will need help with the organisation.
Best regards,	Best regards,
Juan	Juan
letter	letter
Hello Frank!!	Hello Frank!!
How are you doing?	How are you doing?
I am writing you because I have remembered our conversation about special foods from our countries.	I am writing to you because I have remembered our conversation about special foods from our countries.
I think it could be funny arranging a couple of thematic dinners in each flat, where each host will cook a special menu from his country.	I think it could be fun arranging a couple of themed dinners in each flat, where each host will cook a special menu from his country.
I would like to be the first one, so I would like you to come the next friday to my home.	I would like to be the first one, so I would like you to come to my home next Friday .
I am going to cook two different course: gazpacho and callos.	I am going to cook two different courses: gazpacho and callos.
Gazpacho is a cold soup made with potatos, pepers, onions, olive oil and garlic	Gazpacho is a cold soup made with potatos, peppers, onions, olive oil and garlic.
It is tipical form south of Spain.	It is from the South of Spain.
Callos is stomach meat from cow cooked with different species.	Callos is the stomach meat from a cow cooked with different spices.
you will like it, sure.	You will like it, I'm sure.
Certanly, can you bring the dessert?	, Can you bring the dessert?
I remenber you talking about your fabulous italian ice-cream, and I can not waiting more time to try it!!	I remember you talking about your fabulous Italian ice-cream, and I cannot wait to try it!!
I hope your reply	I hope you reply. It would be more usual to write "I am looking forward to your reply,"
Juan	Juan
Robberies in Boxing. Shumenov-Campillo	Robberies in Boxing. Shumenov-Campillo
In the old days, boxing was considered to be one of the dirtiest sports according to "bussiness".	In the old days, boxing was considered to be one of the dirtiest sports according to "bussiness".
It is well known that, in those days, fights were bought, champions were involved with the mafia and the general public knew about it.	It is well known that, in those days, fights were bought, champions were involved with the mafia and the general public knew about it.
Nowadays, there is internet, thousands of people assist to fights, the pressure of the media is bigger than ever, but, even though, this sport its still corrupt.	Nowadays, there is the internet, thousands of people attend fights, and the pressure of the media is bigger than ever, but, even still, this sport is still corrupt.
Last saturday i watched a fight which was being taken in Vegas.	Last saturday i watched a fight going on in Vegas.
Fighter A, provided a serious beating to his opponent, fighter B, not letting him win more than 3 rounds.	Fighter Aprovided a serious beating to his opponent, fighter B, not letting him win more than 3 rounds.
So, what do you think?	So, what do you think?
2 of the judges made a ridicolously stupid call.	2 of the judges made a ridiculously stupid call.
How should have been made the scorecards to have a split decision favouring Fighter B in a fight, so one sided that declaring that the other part won its like admitting you are blind, you have been bought or, even worse, you are completely dumb.	How it should have been was to have the scorecards have a split decision favouring Fighter B in the fight, and so one-sided wasdeclaring that the other party won that it was like admitting you are blind, you have been bought or, even worse, you are completely dumb.
Despite giving up, I do still have hope in the cleaning of the sport...	Despite giving up, I do still have hope for the cleaning up of the sport...
maybe i´m just being delusional, but, wasn´t hope considered the last thing to be lost?	maybe i´m just being delusional, but wasn´t hope considered the last thing to be lost?
Definitely i am giving boxing the chance to "purify his essence", because, i really love it.	Definitely i am giving boxing the chance to "purify its essence", because i really love it.
i am, i am, i am...	i am, i am, i am...
hi my name is john.	hi my name is john.
im from mexico city.	im from mexico city.
im 24 years old and im a simple man.	im 24 years old and im a simple man.
why??	why??
´cause..	´cause..
i dont have words to describe me, i just try to be a that i want, i try to be like de win...	i dont have words to describe me, i just try to be whatever i want, i try to be like de win...
but i need more of this, its time to open mi mind!!!	but i need more of this, its time to open my mind!!!
john 	john 
introducing myself	introducing myself
whassa!...	whassa!...
this is Chucho Millàn from Victoria Tamaulipas, Mexico.	this is Chucho Millàn from Victoria Tamaulipas, Mexico.
I am studying this career called applied linguistics, I find it difficult for me since i am still learning the language.	I am studying thissubject called applied linguistics. I find it difficult for me since I am still learning the language.
I just want to show everyone that i am capable to finish it.	I just want to show everyone that I am capable of finishing it.
May God let me wear that funny prom clothes soon!!	May God let me wear those funny prom* clothes soon!! *Did you mean graduation robes? Prom is just the dance near the end of the year in high school.
My first post	My first post
Hi, my name is javier, i want to learn english and make many friends, if i can help someone to learn spanish i'll be really glad to corect him/her :)	Hi, my name is Javier, I want to learn English and make many friends, if I can help someone to learn Spanish, I'll be glad to correct him/her :)
Holidays	Holidays
Hello,	Hello,
I looking for the place to holiday in Australia, in Victoria.	I am looking for a place to visit in Victoria, Australia.
I looking for the place to holiday in Australia, in Victoria.	I am looking for a place to go on vacation in Victoria, Australia.
A nice place, economical and can be reached in public transport.	I want to visit a nice place that's economical and can be reached by public transport.
I like the natural places with forest and rivers when I can to walk and play sports.	I like natural places with forests and rivers where I can walk and play sports.
Australia has many very nice places, naturals parks, beautiful beaches, but as a country so large it is hard to pick.	Australia has lots of very nice places like natural parks and beautiful beaches, but it is so large that it is hard to pick.
Bye	Bye
Hello!!!	Hello!!!
Hi, 	Hi.
I want to explain is a large and beautiful Continent with more than 40 countries, languajes, cultures and not just one country.	I want to explain that America is a large and beautiful continent with more than 40 countries, languages and cultures and that it is not just one country.
When I say I am American, people think I am in the U.	When I say I am American, people think I am from the U.
S.	S.
and U.	The U.
S.	S.
is only a country that is part of America.	is only a country that is part of America.
Bye.	Bye.
Crazy weather	Crazy weather
I live in Colombia (that's near the ecuator), so we don't have seasons.	I live in Colombia (that's near the ecuator), so we don't have seasons.
But the problem is that the weather is really crazy.	But the problem is that the weather is really crazy.
Some days are lovely sunny days, others are rainy days, but mostly mixed days.	Some days are lovely sunny days, others are rainy days, but mostly mixed days.
You feel the sun but the sky is grey.	You feel the sun but the sky is grey.
Here we don't have snow but this little balls of ice known as granizo, like frozen raindrops.	Here we don't have snow but these little balls of ice known as granizo, like frozen raindrops.
The good thing about this, is that if you want to change weather you can just wait, or drive like 15 minutes and you'll find a warmer or a colder place, wich is kind of awesome.	The good thing about this, is that if you want to change weather you can just wait, or drive like 15 minutes and you'll find a warmer or a colder place, which is kind of awesome.
Judging people	Judging people
I know that we shouldn't judge people, but sometimes you can help it.	I know that we shouldn't judge people, but sometimes you can help it.
That's what  happen to me...	That's what  happen to me...
Every time I heard something about Russell Brand, I just thought: He's funny and nice but he probably doesn't know anything about politics, he is not serious, he can only make jokes...	Every time I heard something about Russell Brand, I just thought: He's funny and nice but he probably doesn't know anything about politics, he is not serious, he can only make jokes...
I couldn't be more wrong...	I couldn't be more wrong...
After reading his blog, those about Amy Winehouse and the London riots, I honestly have to say: I'm sorry Russell.	After reading his blog, those about Amy Winehouse and the London riots, I honestly have to say: I'm sorry Russell.
He is clever, honest, a good writer,and his blog is quite interesting.	He is clever, honest, a good writer,and his blog is quite interesting.
Hola Hello	Hola Hello
Hello, mi name is Javier, i´m spanish	Hello, my name is Javier, I'm Spanish.
Hi the first cold  day	Hi. The first cold day.
Today is my coldest day here in Calgary.	Today is the coldest day here in Calgary.
That place have a temperate wheather old the day between in Monterrey the city im from in that hours at the morning the weather is like 20 or 25 degrees at celsius an here is in 4 degrees but in farenheith is too cold but i have a jacket than is better than doesnt have 	That place have a temperate wheather old the day between in Monterrey the city im from in that hours at the morning the weather is like 20 or 25 degrees at celsius an here is in 4 degrees but in farenheith is too cold but i have a jacket than is better than doesnt have I don't really understand what you're trying to say here. I think you mean:The city I am from, Monterrey, is as cold as Calgary, but only in the morning. During the day, it is usually between 20 and 25 degrees celsius. In Calgary, the average temperature is 4 degrees celcius. It's too cold! It's better to have a jacket here than to not have one!
i hate the rapair to the train in the morning	I hate repairs to the train in the morning.
Hello I come late because the C.	Hello, I was late because of the C-Train.
TRAIN have an acident or something like that an after that one bus take the people to another station and  there I get confused because the police oficers and the people go to  one train  I think  probably was going to Downtown but that train is going to the north no to the city and i take off the train  in the next station and latter one train comes and the horn voice talk about that is the train to takes you to the city and I thakes in and in the city hall station i takes of and icome to the school!!!	The C-Train had an accident or something like that. One bus took people to another station and then I got confused because the police officers and people went to one train which I thought was probably was going Downtown. But that train was going north, not to the City Centre. I got off at train in the next station and later one train came and and announcement said that it was the train that takes you to the City Centre and I took it to the City Hall Station. I got off and came toschool!!!
I really wanted to talk with people of Canada and England 	I really want to talk with people from Canada and England 
Because i waneted to perfectinate my english and have a good conversation with people without stay thinking one or tho minutes to talk or answer one question or some conversation if you wanted to talk to me make me know and i wiil stay in contact with you	Because I wanto perfect my English and have good conversations with people without having tofor one or two minutes to talk or answer one question. If you want to talk to me, let me know and I wiil stay in contact with you
Im Scared 	I'm Scared 
If you stay in Mexico with thaht weather is to cold if her you have minimum 4 at farenheith degrees is equal than in Mexico have -16 celsius degress i almost stay twice times in my life with that weather prague Czech republic and one place in mexico called Galeanathe second one is in a desert with sand and prairie dogs and snakes is a place when your body feels in the artic but you dont stay ther	If you stay in Mexico with thaht weather is to cold if her you have minimum 4 at farenheith degrees is equal than in Mexico have -16 celsius degress i almost stay twice times in my life with that weather prague Czech republic and one place in mexico called Galeanathe second one is in a desert with sand and prairie dogs and snakes is a place when your body feels in the artic but you dont stay thereIf you are from Mexico, the weather here is too cold! It is about 4 degrees Farenheit here, which is equal to -16 degrees Celcius in Mexico. I have experience weather this cold twice in my life - One in Prague, Czech Republic and another time in Mexico, in a place called Galeaneathe. This is a desert with sand, prairie dogs and snakes. It feels like the arctic, so you're not able to stay there long.
LOOKING FOR ENGLISH NATIVE SPEAKERS	LOOKING FOR ENGLISH NATIVE SPEAKERS
Hi everyone; I'm a Englis student and I'm very interested to find people to practise English....	Hi everyone; I'm a Englis student and I'm very interested to find people to practise English with....an English
maybe to who wants to learn Spanish too.	maybe to who wants to learn Spanish too.someone who
La TV y nuestros hijos	La TV y nuestros hijos
Sobre el tema de redacción planteado, si afecta positivamente o negativamente la TV a nuestros jóvenes, en primer lugar considero al respecto, que la respuesta depende en gran medida de la opinión personal que tengamos unos y otros, ya que puede ser diferente por varios motivos, por ejemplo la experiencia personal vivida, como por la influencia recibida cada día de los medios de comunicación de nuestro entorno; también me parece interesante porque trata de una situación de actualidad que nos afecta a todos, además de que siempre ha dividido la opinión pública.	Sobre el tema de redacción planteado, si afecta positivamente o negativamente la TV a nuestros jóvenes, en primer lugar considero al respecto, que la respuesta depende en gran medida de la opinión personal que tengamos unos y otros, ya que puede ser diferente por varios motivos, por ejemplo la experiencia personal vivida, como por la influencia recibida cada día de los medios de comunicación de nuestro entorno; también me parece interesante porque trata de una situación de actualidad que nos afecta a todos, además de que siempre ha dividido la opinión pública.
En este sentido comienzo manifestando en primer lugar que estoy a favor de la TV como medio de información, entretenimiento y cultura, en segundo lugar que todo depende del tiempo que se dedique a ello, pero creo que el factor más importante es la selección de los programas más adecuados  que evidentemente influye en gran medida en la situación planteada de cómo nos afecta la TV.	En este sentido comienzo manifestando en primer lugar que estoy a favor de la TV como medio de información, entretenimiento y cultura, en segundo lugar que todo depende del tiempo que se dedique a ello, pero creo que el factor más importante es la selección de los programas más adecuados  que evidentemente influye en gran medida en la situación planteada de cómo nos afecta la TV.
La cuestión fundamental es que los gobiernos no se implican suficientemente en ello, porque pueden hacer más de lo que hacen para mejorar la situación, y los medios de comunicación deberían informar más a menudo sobre el tema a efecto de concienciar más la población, así como los ciudadanos deberíamos exigir a los políticos que plantearan soluciones a la situación expuesta.	La cuestión fundamental es que los gobiernos no se implican suficientemente en ello, porque pueden hacer más de lo que hacen para mejorar la situación, y los medios de comunicación deberían informar más a menudo sobre el tema a efecto de concienciar más la población, así como los ciudadanos deberíamos exigir a los políticos que plantearan soluciones a la situación expuesta.
Al respecto soy de la opinión que todas las personas podríamos implicarnos en la medida de lo posible en escoger lo más adecuado para nuestros hijos y así ayudar a solventar el problema de manera más eficaz	Al respecto soy de la opinión que todas las personas podríamos implicarnos en la medida de lo posible en escoger lo más adecuado para nuestros hijos y así ayudar a solventar el problema de manera más eficaz
Así mismo es una situación realmente preocupante y la solución a la cuestión planteada considero que es difícil de solucionar por lo motivos expuestos.	Así mismo es una situación realmente preocupante y la solución a la cuestión planteada considero que es difícil de solucionar por lo motivos expuestos.
Yo estoy convencido que en un futuro próximo la programación será más adecuada a los televidentes, pero para ello tendríamos que plantear con firmeza el problema.	Yo estoy convencido que en un futuro próximo la programación será más adecuada a los televidentes, pero para ello tendríamos que plantear con firmeza el problema.
En conclusión para finalizar mi exposición, debemos considerar la TV  actual no es la más propicia para el futuro de nuestros hijos, y es importante recordar que la situación actual es posible mejorarla si entre todos ayudamos a ello con el suficiente interés.	En conclusión para finalizar mi exposición, debemos considerar la TV  actual no es la más propicia para el futuro de nuestros hijos, y es importante recordar que la situación actual es posible mejorarla si entre todos ayudamos a ello con el suficiente interés.
Why I choose to work as an au pair?	Why did I choose to work as an au pair?
Why I choose to work as an au pair?	Why I chose to work as an au pair
On the 15th of July of the last year I came to London with the idea of work like waitress, cleaner or something like that, so I rent a room in a shared house in the east suburb of London and started to look for a job.	On the 15th of July last year I came to London with the idea of working as a waitress, cleaner or something like that, so I rented a room in a shared house in an eastern suburb of London and started to look for a job.
On the 15th of July of the last year I came to London with the idea of work like waitress, cleaner or something like that, so I rent a room in a shared house in the east suburb of London and started to look for a job.	Last year on the 15th of July I came to London with the idea of working as a waitress, a cleaner or something like that, so I rented a room in a shared house in the east of London and started to look for a job.
One week later, I still not having sheets in my bed cause my landlady hadn't bring them yet.	One week later, I still didn't have sheets in my bed cause my landlady hadn't brought them yet.
One week later, I still not having sheets in my bed cause my landlady hadn't bring them yet.	One week later, I still didn't have sheets in my bed because my landlady hadn't brought them yet.
The only way to cook in that house was with one saucepan and one frying pan...	The only way to cook in that house was with one saucepan and one frying pan...
for 4 persons.	for 4 people.
And, on top of that, the shower head work only if you put it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath.	And, on top of that, the shower head only worked if you put it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath.
And, on top of that, the shower head work only if you put it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath.	And on top of that, the shower head only worked if you held it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath.
I know that you can't expect to live, when you're sharing a house, in the same conditions that you live in your parents' house.	I know that when you're sharing a house, you can't expect to live in the same conditions as in your parents' house.
But at least I liked to have a shower standing up!	But at the very least I like to have a shower standing up!
But at least I liked to have a shower standing up!	But at least I would have liked to have a shower standing up!
thank you very much!	thank you very much!
So, I checked all the possibilities: au pair, hotel waiting staff, try another shared house,...	So, I checked all the possibilities: au pair, hotel waiting staff, trying another shared house,...
I thought pros and cons of every job and finally decided to make an au pair profile in a specialty website and look for a family.	I thought about the pros and cons of every type of job and finally decided to make an au pair profile in a specialty website and look for a family.
And that's the reason for why I ended working as an au pair.	And that's the reason for why I ended up working as an au pair.
And that's the reason for why I ended working as an au pair.	And that's why I ended up working as an au pair.
(The next chapter will be looking for a family)	(The next chapter will be about how I looked for a family)
Thanks for checking my mistakes ;)	Thanks for checking my mistakes ;)
Courses, courses and more courses.	Courses, courses and more courses.
It've been a long time since a wrote my last entry.	It has been a long time since a wrote my last entry.
I've been a bit busy and a bit run out of ideas.	I've been a little bit busy and t running out of ideas.
During this time I had finished to work as au pair and came back to Spain.	During this time I had finished work as au pair and came back to Spain.
I also studied a plumbing course (I am not a very common girl, you can see) and a computing course.	I also tooka plumbing course (I am not a very common girl, you can see) and a computing course.
I'm usually doing courses and more courses.	I'm usually taking courses and more courses.
I love doing it, I'm a very curious woman and I love learning new things.	I love taking them I'm a very curious woman and I love learning new things.
So, I was finishing my job in UK and coming back to Spain.	So, I was finishing my job in UK and coming came back to Spain.
The first thing I did was looking for a new job (with no luck) and then looking for a new course (hehe).	The first thing I did was to look for a new job (with no luck) and then look for a new course (hehe).
Maybe I must start saying that I studied a kind of interior designer in Alicante, which was very interesting but we had very poor technology teaching so I think I need more technology knowledge in plumbing, electricity or building.	Maybe I must start saying that I studied a kind of interior design in Alicante, which was very interesting but we had very poor technology teaching so I think I needed more technology knowledge in plumbing, electricity or building.
And that was the reason for me studying plumbing!	And that was the reason for me studying plumbing!
:D.	:D.
Plumbing was quite interesting and I wasn't the only girl in the class like I was afraid of.	Plumbing was quite interesting and I wasn't the only girl in the class like I was afraid of.
A peruan woman in her fifties also studied with me and it was very encouraging seeing a mother like her studying what she like without worrying about female and male jobs.	A peruan woman in her fifties also studied with me and it was very encouraging seeing a mother like her studying what she likes without worrying about female and male jobs.
As well, our classmates were very fairly and didn't judge us and we made a fantastic job in our practice workshop.	As well, our classmates were very fairly and didn't judge us and we made a fantastic job in our practice workshop.
And the computing course was Macromedia Flash MX and now I know how to make my own gifs, I'm so happy!!	And the computing course was Macromedia Flash MX and now I know how to make my own gifs, I'm so happy!!
Here you are my first gif, it's not a art work but I'm a bit overexcited with it, haha.	Here you are my first gif, it's not an art work but I'm a bit overexcited with it, haha.
Mojitos	Mojitos
Last weekend I had a cocktail meeting with some friends.	Last weekend I had a cocktail meeting with some friends.
We made "mojitos", which takes rum, mint, lime, sugar, ice and soda.	We made "mojitos", which are made of rum, mint, lime, sugar, ice and soda.
Then we cooked pizza.	Then we cooked pizza.
We made the dough also, with whole wheat.	We made the dough also, with whole wheat.
They were delicious.	They were delicious.
The meeting was at María's house, which is in Olivos, like half an hour from Buenos Aires.	The meeting was at María's house, which is in Olivos, like half an hour from Buenos Aires.
She has a swimming pool, where we were until 3 in the morning, because at this time in Buenos Aires is very hot.	She has a swimming pool, where we were until 3 in the morning, because at this time of the year Buenos Aires is very hot.
It was great.	It was great.
María has a dog, which is a Golden Retriever, and she(*) loves swim.	María has a dog, which is a Golden Retriever, and she loves to swim.
María has a dog, which is a Golden Retriever, and she(*) loves swim.	María has a dog, which is a Golden Retriever, and she(*) loves to swim.
This breed has a sort of membranes between their toes, which helps them to swim	This breed has a sort of membrane between itstoes, which helps them swim.
This breed has a sort of membranes between their toes, which helps them to swim	This breed has a sort of membranes between their toes, which helps them to swim. 
I like dogs very much, so I don't bother she were swimming around, but of course you have to take careful with her nails, which can scratch you -no joke about it.	I like dogs very much, so I wasn'tbothered that she was swimming around, but of course you have to be careful with her nails, which can scratch you -no joke about it.
I like dogs very much, so I don't bother she were swimming around, but of course you have to take careful with her nails, which can scratch you -no joke about it.	I like dogs very much, so it didn’t bother me that she was swimming around, but of course you have to be careful of her nails, which can scratch you -no joke about it.
I would love to have a swimming pool, but sadly I live in an apartemnt, which is part of an old building, from 1920.	I would love to have a swimming pool, but sadly I live in an apartemnt, which is part of an old building, from 1920.
The building is beautiful, but it was made at the times when they didn't use to have a swimming pool in the roof or in the basement like nowadays.	The building is beautiful, but it was made during the times when they didn't have swimming pools on the roof or in the basement like nowadays.
The building is beautiful, but it was made at the times when they didn't use to have a swimming pool in the roof or in the basement like nowadays.	The building is beautiful, but it was made during the times when they didn't put swimming pool on roofs or in basements like nowadays.
I'm still waiting to my club to open, which has closed on January, and will open the 1st February, jaja!	I'm still waiting for my club to open, which closed on January, and will open the 1st February, jaja!
I'm still waiting to my club to open, which has closed on January, and will open the 1st February, jaja!	I'm still waiting for my club to open, it closed in January, and will reopen the 1st of February, jaja!
It has a swimming pool and it's 10 blocks from my house.	It has a swimming pool and it's 10 blocks from my house.
Cheers to all,	Cheers to all,
Federico. 	Federico. 
(*) The dog is female.	(*) The dog is female.
Can I say "María has a bitch"?	Can I say "María has a bitch"?
or it sounds vulgar?	or it sounds vulgar?  It does sound vulgar, but it's funny if you're making a joke.
or it sounds vulgar?	or does it sounds vulgar? Yes it does sound vulgar unless you are joking with close friends. Great job, your English is very good!
I've got a cold	I've got a cold
I've got a cold last saturday.	Igot a cold last saturday.
It was in my friend's terrace.	It was in my friend's terrace.
He is from NewZealand and he's having holidays here and studying spanish also.	He is from New Zealand and he's on vacation here and also studying Spanish.
It was funny because he wanted to cook some vegetarian "brochettes" in the barbecue, but he didn't know how to start the fire!!	It was funny because he wanted to cook some vegetarian "brochettes" in the barbecue, but he didn't know how to start the fire!!
He was trusted in my local knowledges of the traditonial "asado".	He was trusting in my local knowledges of the traditonial "asado".
(Here in Argentina, we are famous for our good cow's meat.) But, believe it or not, i have never made an "asado" before.	(Here in Argentina, we are famous for our good cow's meat.) But, believe it or not, i have never made an "asado" before.
Finally we came through the fire thing and we cooked the "brochettes".	Finally we came through the fire thing and we cooked the "brochettes".
They were delicious.	They were delicious.
But we stay at the terrace until 4 in the morning and that's why i've got this cold that's bothering me.	But we stayed on the terrace until 4 in the morning and that's why i've got this cold that's bothering me.
Next time i'll take a coat!	Next time i'll take a coat!
HELLO	HELLO
HELLO FRIENDS	HELLO FRIENDS
Hi	Hi
Good night.	Good evening.
I am Su.	I am Su.
I studyed english long time, I love english.	I have been studying English for a long time. I love English.
Know, in my school learn so much.	In my school I learn so much.
I need many practice every day for a best languaje.	I need a lot of practice every day to get good at language.
Thanks.	Thanks.
Bye, Su	Bye, Su
TIRED.	TIRED.
I want to go home already, I've been in the same class for 5 hours and my husband is not here yet.	I want to go home already, I've been in the same class for 5 hours and my husband is not here yet.
I just want to lay in bed and watch Naruto Shippuden, I really want to be a ninja, it would be awsome.	I just want to lay in bed and watch Naruto Shippuden, I really want to be a ninja, it would be awsome.
I am really tired, I'm typing crap already, hope someone reviews this soon.	I am really tired, I'm typing crap already, hope someone reviews this soon.
Much love.	Much love.
Facebook & Xbox 360	Facebook & Xbox 360
Today I woke up early in the morning and the first thing I did was to log inon facebook.	Today I woke up early in the morning and the first thing I did was to log inon facebook.
It always happens when I have my macbook near me.	It always happens when I have my macbook near me.
It was funny to know a few friends do the same thing.	It was funny to know a few friends do the same thing.
Today is friday and I want to visit my family and play Assasin's Creed 2, it has amazing graphics and you can actually be Leonardo Da Vinci's bestfriend, isn't that great?	Today is friday and I want to visit my family and play Assasin's Creed 2, it has amazing graphics and you can actually be Leonardo Da Vinci's bestfriend, isn't that great?
I better go now and get dressed, I want to have fun today :D	I better go now and get dressed, I want to have fun today :D
xxxx	xxxx
I have to work harder.	I have to work harder.
I have to work harder on my english, today I've been told by a singular british boy this morning, he was not nice at all in fact it did hurt me but thanks to that small incident I made a new account on lang-8 because I will definetly get better.	I have to work harder on my English. Today I was told off by a British boy this morning, he was not nice at all in fact it did hurt me but thanks to that small incident I made a new account on lang-8 because I will definitely get better.
I have to work harder on my english, today I've been told by a singular british boy this morning, he was not nice at all in fact it did hurt me but thanks to that small incident I made a new account on lang-8 because I will definetly get better.	I have to work harder on my English, today that's what I was told by a British boy this morning, and he was not nice at all. In fact it did hurt me but thanks to that small incident I made a new account on lang-8 because I will definitely get better.
In school, english lessons were total shit so I learnt all I know on my own with the help of PS2, TV and internet friends.	In school, English lessons were total shit. So I learned all that I know on my own with the help of my PS2, TV and my internet friends.
In school, english lessons were total shit so I learnt all I know on my own with the help of PS2, TV and internet friends.	In school, English lessons were total shit so I learned all I know on my own with the help of PS2, TV and internet friends.
I've been told I need to get better and I will.	I've been told I need to get better and I will.
I hope I'm not as bad as he said I was.	I hope I'm not as bad as he said I was.
Well this is it for now.	Well this is it for now.
Dissapointed.	Dissapointed.
Today I'm really dissapointed about relationships with friends and lovers.	Today I'm really disappointed about relationships with friends and lovers.
The bonds are so easly broken and hard to build.	The bonds are so easily broken and so hard to build.
These past few days I've been arguing with a friend I loved very much but he just showed me what he really is and I don't like it.	These past few days I've been arguing with a friend I loved very much but he just showed me who he really is and I don't like it.
Is not the first time I go through this but as always it bothers me,I can't say it hurts because he killed everything I once felt for him, that's how harsh he has been to me.	This is not the first time I went through this but as always it bothers me, but I can't say it hurts because he killed everything I once felt for him. That's how harsh he has been to me.
I attacked him too but I only did it because he hurt me first.	I hurt him too but I only did it because he hurt me first.
I will meet more new and better people.	I will meet more new and better people.
I got to go now.	I have to go now.
"Cats are following you"	"Cats are following you"
(First of all: I'm a cat person.	(First of all: I'm a cat person.
I LOVE CATS.	I LOVE CATS.
I AM OBSESSED WITH THEM.	I AM OBSESSED WITH THEM.
REALLY REALLY OBSESSED.	REALLY REALLY OBSESSED.
I LOVE THEM SO MUCH...	I LOVE THEM SO MUCH...
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.)	YOU HAVE NO IDEA.)
My mom is convinced that everywhere I go, cats are following me...	My mom is convinced that everywhere I go, cats are following me...
And I think she's right, I always attract cats to my life.	And I think she's right, seeing that I always attract cats into my life.
For example, a few months ago, I found a kitten (remember the post I made about her?) in front of my dad's house, so I took care of her.	For example, a few months ago, I found a kitten (remember the post I made about her?) in front of my dad's house, so I took care of her.
I already have two cats at my dad's place and now I can't take care of my kitten anymore because my cats are jealous and they are peeing EVERYWHERE and my dad's girlfriend is really upset so she told me we should take care of her outside the house and feed her on the sidewalk.	I already have two cats at my dad's place and now I can't take care of my kitten anymore because my cats are jealous and they are peeing EVERYWHERE and my dad's girlfriend is really upset so she told me we should take care of the cat outside the house and feed her on the sidewalk.
:-(	:-(
My dad and her girlfriend are both cat lovers like me.	My dad and her girlfriend are both cat lovers like me.
My mom, on the other hand, hates cats and loves dogs, so I also have a dog at my mom's place.	My mom, on the other hand, hates cats and loves dogs, so I also have a dog at my mom's place.
The thing is, a few days ago (two, to be precise), a maine coon cat that I'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE appeared in my front yard, but he ran away as soon as he saw me coming.	The thing is, a few days ago (two, to be precise), a Maine coon cat that I'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE appeared in my front yard, but he ran away as soon as he saw me coming.
(I think he's my neighbor's cat)	(I think he's my neighbor's cat)
I thought it was a coincidence and forgot about it.	I thought it was a coincidence and forgot about it.
Last night, I arrived home and I saw the cat chilling on a chair we have in the garage, and when he saw me coming, he ran away again.	Last night, I arrived home and saw the cat chilling on a chair we have in the garage. When he saw me coming, he ran away again.
Ten minutes ago, I heard some meowing outside my bedroom so I opened the window AND GUESS WHAT?	Ten minutes ago, I heard some meowing outside my bedroom so I opened the window AND GUESS WHAT?
The cat was there.	The cat was there.
He looked at me and ran away again.	He looked at me and ran away again.
I told this to my mom and she said: "It's because they feel your energy and they are attracted to it" and I replied "You know what would be very cool?	I told this to my mom and she said: "It's because they feel your energy and they are attracted to it" and I replied "You know what would be very cool?
If the same thing would happen but with cute, smart and cool guys instead of cats.	If the same thing would happen but with cute, smart and cool guys instead of cats.
But I guess it won't happen anytime soon since all the cool guys here are either my friends or my family."	But I guess it won't happen anytime soon since all the cool guys here are either my friends or my family."
(I live in a VERY SMALL CITY that to me is more like a big town, so yes, I need to change some air when it comes to boys.	(I live in a VERY SMALL CITY that to me is more like a big town, so yes, I need to do something different when it comes to boys.
I'm already tired to see the same faces and to have to deal with the same personalities.	I'm already tired of seeing the same faces and of having to deal with the same personalities.
Luckly, I'm going to Germany very soon and I hope I can meet cool people there, not only guys but also people in general, because people here are REALLY boring.) 	Luckly, I'm going to Germany very soon and I hope I can meet cool people there, not only guys but also people in general, because people here are REALLY boring.) 
Feeling blue	Feeling blue
Well, this is something that I need to get off my chest and since everyone here have been really nice to me, I think this is the place to say it.	Well, this is something that I need to get off my chest and since everyone here has been really nice to me, I think this is the place to say it.
Besides, I'd love to receive a little bit of feedback about what I'm going to say, and also, corrections because I'm never sure if my grammar is correct.	Besides, I'd love to receive a little bit of feedback about what I'm going to say, and also, corrections, because I'm never sure if my grammar is correct.
The thing is that I've been feeling really sad and confused today.	The thing is that I've been feeling really sad and confused today.
The reason?	The reason?
I basically lost my motivation to learn French.	I've basically lost my motivation to learn French.
This isn't new for me, I've been feeling like this since March.	This isn't new for me; I've been feeling like this since March.
I really don't know why, I find the classes really boring and annoying, also, the book we use in class doesn't help either.	I really don't know why: I find the classes really boring and annoying, also, the book we use in class doesn't help either.
I can't concentrate enough and the only reason why I keep attending to my classes is because I like to be with my friends.	I can't concentrate enough and the only reason why I keep attending my classes is because I like to be with my friends.
At first, I thought I was having a hard time because we're learning a lot of heavy grammar, I tried to stay positive and forget about it, but now...	At first, I thought I was having a hard time because we're learning a lot of heavy grammar. I tried to stay positive and forget about it, but now...
Now I realized this isn't about the grammar or something like that.	Now I realized this isn't about the grammar or something like that.
I remember that a few months ago my mom saw me studying Japanese in the kitchen and she noticed I was in a really good mood.	I remember that a few months ago my mom saw me studying Japanese in the kitchen and she noticed I was in a really good mood.
I finished my homework a half an hour later and I started with my french homework and I instantly got frustrated, so my mom asked me what was wrong.	I finished my homework a half an hour later and I started with my french homework and I instantly got frustrated, so my mom asked me what was wrong.
I told her that french was giving me a hard time because of the grammar,the book wasn't good and my teacher was always asking us to do a lot of letters and I was running out of ideas.	I told her that french was giving me a hard time because of the grammar; the book wasn't good and my teacher was always asking us to write a lot of letters. I was running out of ideas.
Besides, she criticized my letters because they were apparently "too long", so she told me to do shorter letters.	Besides, she criticized my letters because they were apparently "too long"; so she told me to write shorter letters.
When I started to do my letters a little bit shorter, she told me that they weren't good enough.	When I started to write my letters a little bit shorter, she told me that they weren't good enough.
So I basically didn't know what to do.	So I basically didn't know what to do.
Another thing is that, I'm already a Niveau B2 (Advanced) and I had to spend 5 hours per week in french classes, but I'm not going to take the international french exam this year because I'm going to Germany in September (Exchange/Au Pair program) and I'll be staying there until next year.	Another thing is that, I'm already a Niveau B2 (Advanced) and I had to spend 5 hours per week in French classes, but I'm not going to take the international French exam this year because I'm going to Germany in September (Exchange/Au Pair program) and I'll be staying there until next year.
My french teacher noticed I'm not the same person that I used to and she said that I'm not giving my best because I'm going to Germany and I don't need to study hard to the B2 test, but I think she's wrong, because I don't feel demotivated because I'm going to Germany and my head is focused on the german language, I FEEL DEMOTIVATED BECAUSE I FEEL THAT WAY!	My French teacher noticed I'm not the same person that I used to be. She said that I'm not giving my best because I'm going to Germany and I don't need to study hard for the B2 test. I think she's wrong, because I don't feel demotivated because I'm going to Germany and my head is focused on the German language, I feel demotivated just because I feel that way!
I'd be really worried if I had to take the test this year and I find myself in this terrible situation.	I'd be really worried if I had to take the test this year and I find myself in this terrible situation.
She also says that I'm not paying enough attention to french because I started with japanese this year, and it makes me really anrgy because you have no idea of how much enjoy studying japanese.	She also says that I'm not paying enough attention to French because I started with Japanese this year, and it makes me really angry because you have no idea of how much I enjoy studying Japanese.
When I go to my japanese classes I feel very relaxed, no one is pushing me...	When I go to my Japanese classes I feel very relaxed: no one is pushing me...
My japanese teacher doesn't like to take traditional exams (he likes to ask random questions and if you don't answer them, he tells you to study harder) and he tells us that studying japanese is something that we should do because we like it and it's not an obligation.	My Japanese teacher doesn't like to take traditional exams (he likes to ask random questions and if you don't answer them, he tells you to study harder) and he tells us that studying Japanese is something that we should do because we like it and because it's not an obligation.
I personally feel the same way with German and French but it's not the same thing.	I personally feel the same way with German and French but it's not the same thing.
I've been learning German since I was really little because I went to a German school and even though I love the language and the culture, I've always had to take it REALLY serious because it was a subject in school and I've always had the pressure of the international tests (I'm not saying that someone forced to take them, I did it because I wanted to, and I'M PROUD to have the certificates and everything but I still had pressure).	I've been learning German since I was really little because I went to a German school, and even though I love the language and the culture, I've always had to take it REALLY seriously because it was a subject in school. I've always had the pressure of the international tests (I'm not saying that someone forced me to take them; I did it because I wanted to, and I'M PROUD to have the certificates and everything but I still had pressure).
Same thing with French, I started because I like the language and the culture but I've always studied for exams and that stuff.	Same thing with French: I started because I like the language and the culture but I've always studied for exams and stuff like that.
On the other hand, I study japanese for pleasure.	On the other hand, I study Japanese for pleasure.
I take it seriously and I study hard, but no one is pushing me to get ready for a test or anything.	I take it seriously and I study hard, but no one is pushing me to get ready for a test or anything.
I enjoy studying all the languages I'm currently studying, but French is really killing me right now, and I can't quit because I'm extremely responsible and I'd feel guilty, since I'm almost two months away of leaving my country for a year (I won't study french in Germany)	I enjoy studying all the languages I'm currently studying, but French is really killing me right now, and I can't quit because I'm extremely responsible and I'd feel guilty, since I'm almost two months away from leaving my country for a year (I won't study French in Germany)
I've never felt this way before, I've had hard times with German too but not like this	I've never felt this way before; I've had hard times with German too but nothing like this
Sorry if this was too long and boring but I had to say it to someone and since a lot of people don't understand me when I try to talk about this and judge me, I really can't talk to them...	Sorry if this was too long and boring but I had to say it to someone and since a lot of people don't understand me when I try to talk about this and judge me, I really can't talk to them...
Besides people are here to learn languages and I don't know, I thought this was the proper place to talk about this...	Besides, people are here to learn languages and I don't know, I thought this was the proper place to talk about this...
Thanks for reading :-)	Thanks for reading :-)
Not happy.	Not happy.
James Cameron said that "Avatar" will be a trilogy.	James Cameron announced that "Avatar" will be a trilogy.
I wonder if the next movie will have a new and interesting plot because when I watched "Avatar", I thought the plot was the same as "Pocahontas" except for the fact that "Avatar" is in 3D and has a lot of dazzling colours, but the main story was basically the exact same thing.	I wonder if the next movie will have a new and interesting plot because when I watched "Avatar", I thought the plot was the same as "Pocahontas" except for the fact that "Avatar" is in 3D and has a lot of dazzling colours, but the main story was basically the exact same thing.
(As you can see, I don't like James Cameron...	As you may have noticed by now, I don't like James Cameron...
At all)	At all)
The holiday of a lifetime	The holiday of a lifetime
I was fourteen years old and have just finished my first year in high school when my parents sent me to my uncle´s home in Paris for two months.	I was fourteen years old and had just finished my first year in high school when my parents sent me to my uncle´s home in Paris for two months.
I had never been abroad and I was amazed by the huge city.	I had never been abroad and I was amazed by the huge city.
Pavements and streets looked so wide compared with those in my home town, crowds od people filling the main commercial streets, buildings were so impressive and solid!	The pavements and streets looked so wide compared with those in my home town, with crowds of people filling the main commercial streets, and the buildings were so impressive and solid!
I soon realized that I needed to use the underground to go anywhere I liked.	I soon realised that I needed to use the underground to go anywhere I liked.
I used to visit "The Louvre" museum and spent the afternoons walking across "The Tuilleries" park and many others beautiful gardens.	I used to visit "The Louvre" museum and spent the afternoons walking across "The Tuilleries" park and many other beautiful gardens.
Despite that it was summer, the weather was mild and I enjoyied wandering around the city, talking to the people in order to improve my French, and reading the shop´s sings.	Despite the fact that it was summer, the weather was mild and I enjoyed wandering around the city, talking to the people in order to improve my French, and reading the shop´s signs.
On the weekends I used to help my uncle and aunt in their restaurant, I washed the dishes and did some shopping.	On the weekends I used to help my uncle and aunt in their restaurant, I washed the dishes and did some shopping.
I was really taken by Paris.	I was really taken by Paris.
The "Eiffel Tower" impressed me a lot.	The "Eiffel Tower" impressed me a lot.
Fron the top the views of the city were great and reached many miles away.	From the top the views of the city were great and reached many miles away.
Furthermore, I felt completely free being far from my family and making decisions on my own.	Furthermore, I felt completely free being far from my family and making decisions on my own.
Capel Sport Centre	Capel Sport Centre
Capel is a sport complex where you can find many facilities for sport and leisure such as tennis, badminton, swimming pools and multi-sport areas.	Capel is a sport complex where you can find many facilities for sport and leisure such as tennis, badminton, swimming pools and multi-sport areas.
There is also a restaurant and a social centre in the premises.	There is also a restaurant and a social centre in the premises.
The complex is owned by a private local association.	The complex is owned by a private local association.
To become a member you only have to fill the application form and pay a monthly fee which includes free acces to the swimming pool and multi-sport areas.	To become a member you only have to fill the application form and pay a monthly fee which includes free access to the swimming pool and multi-sport areas.
A fitness centre will be open soon to enlarge the offer.	A fitness centre will be open soon to expand the offer.
The sportcentre is located in the beautiful town of Algunaro, next to a housing development.	The sportcentre is located in the beautiful town of Algunaro, next to a housing development.
There are nice gardens everywhere and within easy reach of the city centre.	There are nice gardens everywhere and within easy reach of the city centre.
Parking facilities are available inside the complex.	Parking facilities are available inside the complex.
In my opinion if you want to practise tennis, badminton or football this is the best place to go.	In my opinion if you want to practice tennis, badminton or football, this is the best place to go.
Finest instructors of the technical staff are well qualified and they offer a wide range of activities for all ages and skill levels at affordable prices.	Finest instructors of the technical staff are well qualified and they offer a wide range of activities for all ages and skill levels at affordable prices.
Moreover, you can spend a wonderful day with your friends in the swimming pool, and have a good meal in the restaurant, it´s up to you.	Moreover, you can spend a wonderful day with your friends in the swimming pool, and have a good meal in the restaurant, it´s up to you.
Something lost	Something lost
I was about to open my car after doing some shopping in a town when I realized that I had lost my car keys.	I was about to open my car after doing some shopping in town when I realized that I had lost my car keys.
I had been doing a long way through the shops so I thought I had drop it in one of them when I was paying.	I had walked a long way through the shops so I thought I had dropped them in one of the shops when I was paying.
I decided to do the way back ant ask.	I decided to retrace my steps and ask.
Nobody could help me, there were no sign of my keys anywhere.	Nobody could help me, there was no sign of my keys anywhere.
Fortunately I remembered the small cafeteria where I has stopped to have a rest	Fortunately I remembered the small cafeteria where I had stopped to have a rest.
It was my last chance.	It was my last chance.
When I was opening the door the waiter recognized me and showed me the car keys even before I started to ask him.	As I was opening the door the waiter recognized me and showed me the car keys even before I started to ask him.
The whole thing took me more than two hours but finally I managed to return home in my car.	The whole thing took me more than two hours but finally I managed to return home in my car.
Young people´s health	Young people´s health
Young people´s health is worse now than it was twenty years ago.	Young people's health is worse now than it was twenty years ago.
Which are the reasons?	What are the reasons?
The main reason is our way of life: lack of exercise and wrong food habits.	The main reason is our way of life: lack of exercise and unhealthy eating habits.
Youngters no longer play in the streets, they don´t walk enough, they go by car or take buses.	Youngsters no longer play in the streets. They don´t walk enough. They go by car or take the bus.
Furthermore, they eat junk food, drink coke and love pastries so they become overweight.	Furthermore, they eat junk food, drink coke and love sweets so they become overweight.
Interesting to note is the low consumption of fruit and vegetables.	Interesting to note is the low consumption of fruit and vegetables.
An equally important point is the problem of alcoholic drinks and underage drinking.	An equally important point is the problem of alcoholic drinks and underage drinking.
After all this you must now see that health problems are bound to happend.	After all this you must now see that health problems are bound to happen.
What can we do?	What can we do?
I´m sure you will agree with me that education plays an important role in this issue.	I´m sure you will agree with me that education plays an important role in this issue.
Primary School should be a place to learn how to eat correctly, avoiding harmful food.	Primary School should be a place to learn how to eat correctly, avoiding harmful food.
I also feel that a good diet involves wholefood and reduction in the amount of salt of our meals.	I also feel that a good diet involves whole foods and reducing the amount of salt in our meals.
But still there is much more to do: daily exercise for about one hour will do good for our health and shoud be a part of the young´s daily routine.	But still there is much more to do: daily exercise for about one hour will do good for our health and should be a part of the daily routine for youth.
SUMMARY	SUMMARY
SUMMARY	SUMMARY
A person who moves across cultures is adaptable to other realities because the new situation has distinct aspects to our context.	A person who moves across cultures is adaptable to other realities because the new situation has distinct aspects to our context.
In each culture rules unique guidelines and this is translate in more difficulties to adaptation.	In each culture rules unique guidelines and this is translate in more difficulties to adaptation.
According to important authors, it’s necessary to have skills on motivation, cognition and behavior and it’s important to be willingness to improve too.	According to important authors, it’s necessary to have skills on motivation, cognition and behavior and it’s important to be willingness to improve too.
If you do not have the ability of adapt to whatever situation, you will fail probably.	If you do not have the ability of adapt to whatever situation, you will fail probably.
With the CQ seminar you can learn how to minister people with different cultures to your own.	With the CQ seminar you can learn how to minister people with different cultures to your own.
The “Apolo” spaceship has a serious problem on April of 1970.	The “Apolo” spaceship has a serious problem on April of 1970.
The astronaut preach the unforgettable words in this precise moment: “Houston, we’d had a problem”.	The astronaut preach the unforgettable words in this precise moment: “Houston, we’d had a problem”.
But they didn’t give up, instead of it, they illustrated a lesson of creativity, passion, uplift and perseverance to the world.	But they didn’t give up, instead of it, they illustrated a lesson of creativity, passion, uplift and perseverance to the world.
They achieve a successful final and this behavior gives meaning to the sentence:  “Failure is not an option”.	They achieve a successful final and this behavior gives meaning to the sentence:  “Failure is not an option”.
The CQ seminar gives us four tools to improve our cultural effectiveness and these tools provide the answers to nine questions:	The CQ seminar gives us four tools to improve our cultural effectiveness and these tools provide the answers to nine questions:
-1) Drive:  it provides answer to questions like what is the level of my motivation or confidence for this task and how you can increase it.	-1) Drive:  it provides answer to questions like what is the level of my motivation or confidence for this task and how you can increase it.
-2) Knowledge: it provides answer to questions like what we need to know.	-2) Knowledge: it provides answer to questions like what we need to know.
-3) Strategy: it provides answer to questions like what we need to plan.	-3) Strategy: it provides answer to questions like what we need to plan.
-4) Action: it provides answer to questions like what behavior I can improve.	-4) Action: it provides answer to questions like what behavior I can improve.
If we improve our cultural effectiveness, the world will be a better place.	If we improve our cultural effectiveness, the world will be a better place.
hello 	hello 
hello my name is guss not know where to begin to learn English?	hello my name is guss not know where to begin to learn English?
Living in Melbourne	Living in Melbourne
I arrived in Melbourne 4 weeks ago.	I arrived in Melbourne 4 weeks ago.
I'm here for study English and Master.	I'm here to study English and get my Master's degree.
I want to learn English for i can study and work.	I want to learn English so I use it in my studies and work.
I'm living in Fitzroy in a home stay.	I'm living in Fitzroy in a home stay.
But I were living with my friend.	But before I was living with my friend.
I'm studying in Australian Catholic University.	I'm studying in an Australian Catholic University.
I'm looking the job.	I'm looking for a job.
I need the job for pay the rent.	I need a job to pay the rent.
Melbourne is the city beautiful.	Melbourne is a beautiful city.
The people is very wonderful.	The people are very wonderful.
I like so much Melbourne.	I like Melbourne so much.
Melbourne have places very cool.	Melbourne has may very cool places .
In Melbourne, I have much Colombians friends and i knew people other country.	In Melbourne, I have many Colombians friends and I know people from other countries too.
I hope learn English very good and fast.	I hope to learn English very well and fast.
Melbourne ...Last Month...	Melbourne ...Last Month...
I arrived in Melbourne last month.	I arrived in Melbourne last month.
I'm living in house with a couple of Australians and Chinese couple.	I'm living in a house with a couple of Australians, and a Chinese couple.
I'm living in house with a couple of Australians and Chinese couple.	I'm living in a house with a couple of Australians and a Chinese couple.
Here I've lived 3 week.	 I've lived here for three weeks.
Here I've lived 3 week.	I've lived here for 3 weeks.
I'm looking the new house because I want to be cleaner and more organized.	I'm looking for a new house, because I want to be cleaner and more organized.
I'm looking the new house because I want to be cleaner and more organized.	I'm looking the new house because I want to be cleaner and more organized.
On Saturday, I went to the game between Collingwood vs Port Adelaida.	On Saturday, I went to the game between Collingwood and Port Adelaida.
On Saturday, I went to the game between Collingwood vs Port Adelaida.	On Saturday, I went to the game between Collingwood vs Port Adelaida.
After than I went to the pub with Colombian friend and Holland Friend.	After that I went to the pub with a Colombian friend and a Dutch Friend.
After than I went to the pub with Colombian friend and Holland Friend.	After than I went to the pub with a Colombian friend and a Holland Friend.
Then I went home.	Then I went home.
I cooked Hamburger for me.	I cooked Hamburger for myself.
On Sunday, I woke up at 10.30 a.m. After than I went to see the Gran Prix.	On Sunday, I woke up at 10.30 a.m., and after that I went to see the Grand Prix.
On Sunday, I woke up at 10.30 a.m. After than I went to see the Gran Prix.	On Sunday, I woke up at 10.30 a.m. After that I went to see the Gran Prix.
I hope that this week the better my writing.	I hope that this week my writing will improve.
I hope that this week the better my writing.	I hope that this week my writing is better.
Thanks...	Thanks...
My experience in Australia...	My experience in Australia...
After almost two months living here in Melbourne.	After almost two months living here in Melbourne,
I'm feeling better, because I know best Melbourne and also the language I'm getting easier.	I'm feeling better, because I've gotten to know Melbourne better and the language is also getting easier for me. Connect to above sentence.
I would like stay and live here in Melbourne.	I would like to stay and live here in Melbourne.
The city is cool and the people is nice.	The city is cool and the people are nice.
I want better my English because I know that I will have more opportunities.	I want to improve my English because I know that being able to speak it fluently will bring me more opportunities.
I'm looking work but I have not found.	I'm looking for work but I have not found any.
I need a job to pay the rent and other things.	I need a job to pay the rent and other things.
I have known many people from different places.	I have met many people from different places.
The English class have been good but could be better.	The English class has been good but could be better.
I have to put more interest in the classes, and leave Spanish, I have to speak less and less contact with Spanish.	I have to pay more attention in the classes, and stop speaking Spanish. I have to have less and less contact with Spanish.
Hope that this time my English is best.	I hope that this time my English gets better.
Thank you...	Thank you...
See you later...	See you later...
Looking for work	Looking for work
I arrived about a month and half.	I arrived about a month and half ago.
I came to study English and to work because I need to work to pay my rent and cell phone account.	I came to study English and to work because I need to pay my rent and cell phone bill .
Also I need to work to buy food and things I like.	I also need to work to buy food and things I like.
I would like to work of waiter or barista.	I would like to work as a waiter or barista.
But now I want to work and if I get cleaner I would.	But now I want to work and if I get cleaner I would.
I know it's hard start but I want to do to show that nothing is difficult me.	I know it's hard to start, but I want to do it to show that nothing is difficult for me.
I've had the interviews and test in restaurants.	I've had interviews and tests in many restaurants.
But The always say call me but they haven't been calling.	They always say that they'll call me but they haven't been calling.
I'm desperate because I can't find and spend the day and I don't call me.	I'm desperate because I can't find work and I spend the day waiting for them to call .
Last week, I made an Barista course.	Last week, I took a Barista course.
I hope that the course serves find work.	I hope that the course helps me find work.
love	love Love
i want a girlfriend .	i want a girlfriend . I want a girlfriend.
Trying to discover myself.	Trying to discover myself.
Hi guys, long time no write.	Hi guys, long time no write.
Well although I'm almost 30 years old I'm drifting.	Well although I'm almost 30 years old I'm drifting.
It's been almost a year that I lost my job due to a job offer in a company, unfortunately things are stopped.	It's been almost a year that I lost my job due to a job offer in a company, unfortunately things are stopped.
I lost not only a good job oportunity but also time.	I lost not only a good job oportunity but also time.
I feel somehow very attached to my family and I think that's why I'm afraid of taking risks like moving to another city.	I feel somehow very attached to my family and I think that's why I'm afraid of taking risks like moving to another city.
I admire some people who take risks and move so far from their families that after some years they've been earning good experience and good job positions.	I admire some people who take risks and move so far from their families that after some years they've been earning good experience and good job positions.
But why can I do the same?	But why can I do the same?
It's going to be a good chance to get a well paid job but as all the jobs the only drawbacks I know are that the job is going to be so far from home and some of the cities are so dangerous.	It's going to be a good chance to get a well paid job but as all the jobs the only drawbacks I know are that the job is going to be so far from home and some of the cities are so dangerous.
Will the money worth?	Will the money worth?
Would you be who you are today if you hadn´t endured the ´´trials´´ in your life?	Would you be who you are today if you hadn´t endured the ´´trials´´ in your life?
In our world, you experience a lot of different situation every day.	In our world, you experience a lot of different situation every day.
Some of those could be good or bad, but the important thing is that you can learn of the situation.	Some of those could be good or bad, but the important thing is that you can learn of the situation.
In my life, I have lived for many experiences that sometimes makes me feel great and sometimes makes me cry.	In my life, I have lived for many experiences that sometimes makes me feel great and sometimes makes me cry.
Because of these situation I have learned a lot of things that becomes me in the person who I am.	Because of these situation I have learned a lot of things that becomes me in the person who I am.
In my childhood, My mother worked very hard to buy us all the things that we needed, but the money was not enough.	In my childhood, My mother worked very hard to buy us all the things that we needed, but the money was not enough.
In these days, I didn´t have the oportunity to have any expensive toys or trendy clothes, but my mother taugh me to valorate every single thing that I had as if it were the most important thing in the world.	In these days, I didn´t have the oportunity to have any expensive toys or trendy clothes, but my mother taugh me to valorate every single thing that I had as if it were the most important thing in the world.
Besides that, I have lived my whole life with my uncles instead of my father.	Besides that, I have lived my whole life with my uncles instead of my father.
That was very interesting because all my uncles were and are like my fathers and instead of one father, I have six.	That was very interesting because all my uncles were and are like my fathers and instead of one father, I have six.
They taugh me that the life is not easy and you have to fight to get all your short and long - term goals.	They taugh me that the life is not easy and you have to fight to get all your short and long - term goals.
When I was I child, I didn´t spend time with my mother which was for me very difficult to understand.	When I was I child, I didn´t spend time with my mother which was for me very difficult to understand.
In that stage of my life, my grandmother was like an angel for me.	In that stage of my life, my grandmother was like an angel for me.
She was with me in all my life experiences and always taugh me that mother was working all day to give me a better life and I had to love her with all my heart	She was with me in all my life experiences and always taugh me that mother was working all day to give me a better life and I had to love her with all my heart.
Hence, Do not give up if you face a problem, that problem could be the begining of a new better life.	Hence, Do not give up if you face a problem, that problem could be the begining of a new better life.
Hello Everybody!! 	Hello Everybody!! 
Hey!	Hey!
Hope you are doing good!!	Hope you are doing good!!
I'm tired of classes and also soccer practices already.	I'm tired of classes and also soccer practices already.
I need spring break as soon as possible.	I can't wait for spring break.
I'm planing go to Las Vegas from  March 12nd to March 20th.	I'm planning to go to Las Vegas from March 12nd to March 20th.
What are you doing for this break?	What are you doing for this break?
Hi Everybody!	Hi Everybody!
Hi!	Hi!
I'm new and I'm trying to know how it works.	I'm new and I'm seeing how it works.
I'm new and I'm trying to know how it works.	I'm new and I'm trying to see how this works.
I'm from Argentina and I came to the US to get my major in Computer Systems.	I'm from Argentina and I came to the US to get my degree in Computer Systems.
I like the idea to meet people from another countries, also  I love to travel,	I like the idea of meeting people from other countries; also I love to travel, 
I like the idea to meet people from another countries, also  I love to travel,	I like the idea of meeting people from other countries. Also, I love to travel, 
I like the idea to meet people from another countries, also  I love to travel,	I like the idea of meeting people from another countries. also, I love to travel, 
play sports and videogames.	and play sports and videogames.
play sports and videogames.	play sports and play videogames. --- necesite un otra palabra "play."
Hope I can make new friends and help them to learn Spanish.	Hope I can make new friends and help them to learn Spanish.
Hope I can make new friends and help them to learn Spanish.	I hope I can make new friends and help them learn Spanish.
this is my first entry	this is my first entry
Everyone know that my english is really bad, but i'm here..	Everyone know that my English is really bad, but I'm here anyway.
Everyone know that my english is really bad, but i'm here..	Everyone know that my english is really bad, but i'm here..Everyone knows that my English is terrible but I'm here anyway. 
and  i want talk about my life, i think that life is very cool and every day i give thanks to god for this, i live in Bogota - Colombia one contry beautiful - women in Colombia are the most beautiful jejejeje - i studied economics and right now working in a Korean company, but I don't want this very much is for this reason that i want to travel to the U.	Also, I want talk about my life. I think that life is very cool and every day, I give thanks to God for it. I live in Bogota, Colombia, which is one beautiful country. The women of Colombia are the most beautiful. Heheheh. I studied economics and right now, I am working in a Korean company, but I don't want to very much, because I want to travel to the U.
S.	S.
or Europe to learn English...	or Europe to learn English.
or Europe to learn English...	or Europe to brush up my English...
a very boring day in my work	A very boring day at my work
a very boring day in my work	a very boring day  at work
First I wanna say thanks to Fumika and Iggy for help me with my english - muchas gracias-.	First I wanna say thanks to Fumika and Iggy for helping me with my english - muchas gracias-.
First I wanna say thanks to Fumika and Iggy for help me with my english - muchas gracias-.	First I want to say thanks to Fumika and Iggy for the help with my english - muchas gracias-.
today is a boring day because in my office I have make things that	Today is a boring day because at my office I have to do things that
I dont wanna do, anyway I have do it becouse I need a lot money if I will wanna go, every day I think how it will be my life in london or new york???	I dont wanna do, I have do it because I need a lot money if I want to travel. Every day I think about how it would be to live in london or new york???
I dont wanna do, anyway I have do it becouse I need a lot money if I will wanna go, every day I think how it will be my life in london or new york???	I dont want to but I have do it becouse I need a lot money if I want to travel , every day I think how my life would be in london or new york???
and this makes me very happy..	and this makes me very happy..
this trip is to forget everything hapen in my work..	this trip is to forget about everything that happens at my work..
this trip is to forget everything hapen in my work..	This trip will help me forget about everything that happens at work.
Also, I wanna see that this weekend I will out with my sisters, we go see a movie, the reason is because long time no see my sisters, I have many friends and I like them a lot out party and I dont stay in my house heheheh..	Also, this weekend I want to go out with my sisters, we'll go see a movie. It's been a long time since I've seen my sisters. I have many friends and I like them a lot, I go out partying and I dont stay home very often, heheheh..
Also, I wanna see that this weekend I will out with my sisters, we go see a movie, the reason is because long time no see my sisters, I have many friends and I like them a lot out party and I dont stay in my house heheheh..	Also, I want to go out with my sisters this weekend, we will  go see a movie, I haven't seen my sisters in a long time, I have many friends and I like to party with them a lot, I dont stay at home very often heheheh..
kisses	kisses
My fabulous life!	My fabulous life!
hi guys!!	hi guys!!
First, I want to tell you that I'm really happy and its because I have a new job!!	First, I want to tell you that I'm really happy and that's because I have a new job!!
This job is amazing, I have new coworkers, new office, and all the bad things in my previous work are forgotten!!!	This job is amazing. I have new coworkers, a new office, and all the bad things in my previous work are forgotten!!!
In my last blog I wrote about my trip, this is a complicated because here in my country if you dont have a lot money, you are nothing!!!	In my last blog I wrote about my trip. This is complicated because here in my country if you dont have a lot money, you are nothing!!!
so I have to save more money to apply for visa ( I dont know how say VISA in english help me!!), I think I will travel in september or october.	So I have to save more money to apply for a visa ( I dont know how say VISA in english help me!!). I think I will travel in september or october. 
This weekend I will start again my lessons of english, so I have many things to study and andrea's B-day, my bff, is this Saturday, so is party and drink time!	This weekend I will start taking my English lessons again, so I have many things to study and my bff andrea's B-day is this Saturday, so its party and drink time!!
byeeeeee	byeeeeee
Hello everyone	Hello everyone
Hello to all land-8 members.	Hello, to all lang-8 members.
Hello to all land-8 members.	Hello to all Lang-8 members.
I just discover this amazing website that let us practice any language and I decided to try it out.	I just discovered this amazing website that lets us practice any language and I decided to try it out.
I just discover this amazing website that let us practice any language and I decided to try it out.	I just discovered this amazing website that lets us practice any language, and I decided to try it out.
English has been part of my life since a while now, but I have to admit that my writing skills are not good enough and this is because I don't have a lot of opportunities to practice.	English has been part of my life for a while now, but I have to admit that my writing skills are not good enough and this is because I don't have a lot of opportunities to practice.
English has been part of my life since a while now, but I have to admit that my writing skills are not good enough and this is because I don't have a lot of opportunities to practice.	English has been a part of my life for a while now, but I have to admit that my writing skills are not good enough, and this is because I don't have a lot of opportunities to practice.
I truly believe learning other languages help us to discover so many things about different cultures and people that all the effort to learn it's reworded after all.	I truly believe learning other languages helps us to discover so many things about different cultures and people that all the effort to learn it's rewarded after all.
I truly believe learning other languages help us to discover so many things about different cultures and people that all the effort to learn it's reworded after all.	I truly believe learning other languages helps us to discover so many things about different cultures and people that all the effort to learn it is rewarded after all.
To introduce myself I will write something about my hometown and about myself.	To introduce myself, I will write something about my hometown and about myself.
To introduce myself I will write something about my hometown and about myself.	To introduce myself I will write something about my hometown and myself.
My city is called Guadalajara, the second largest city in Mexico.	My city is called Guadalajara, and it is the second largest city in Mexico.
It's population its around 7 million people, that is because it has become a Metropolitan area that includes several cities at the same time.	Its population is around 7 million people, because it has become a Metropolitan area that includes several cities .
It's population its around 7 million people, that is because it has become a Metropolitan area that includes several cities at the same time.	Its population is around 7 million people because it has become a metropolitan area that includes several cities at the same time.
I am 23 years old graduate business student and for the next months I will do an internship in the East of Europe.	I am a 23-year-old graduate business student and for the next few months I will be doing an internship in eastern Europe.
I am 23 years old graduate business student and for the next months I will do an internship in the East of Europe.	I am a 23 year old graduate business student, and for the next few months I will do an internship in Eastern Europe.
Global warming	Global warming
One of the books I read recently makes me change the perspective I had concerning global warming.	One of the books I read recently made me change my perspective on global warming.
This issue seems to be present everyday and everywhere, its so over-exposed that makes us feel it's something we should live with for the rest of our life.	This issue seems to be present everyday and everywhere, its so over-exposed that it makes us feel that it's something we should live with for the rest of our lives.
This issue seems to be present everyday and everywhere, its so over-exposed that makes us feel it's something we should live with for the rest of our life.	This issue seems to be present everyday and everywhere. It's so hyped up that it makes us feel like it's something we are going to have to live with for the rest of our lives.
As a Business student, the idea of mixing concepts such as environmentalism and profits was a bit crazy But as I mentioned before I realized how we can make an opportunity of global warming.	As a Business student, the idea of mixing concepts such as environmentalism and profits was a bit crazy. But as I mentioned before I realized how we can make an opportunity of global warming.
As a Business student, the idea of mixing concepts such as environmentalism and profits was a bit crazy But as I mentioned before I realized how we can make an opportunity of global warming.	As a Business student, the idea of mixing concepts such as environmentalism and profitability was a bit crazy. But as I mentioned before, I realized how we can turn global warming into an opportunity .
Now that must of the consumers are aware of the risks ahead for global warming their consumption habits are changing in a positive way for the environment.	Now that consumers are aware of the risks ahead for global warming. Their consumption habits are changing in a positive way for the environment.
Now that must of the consumers are aware of the risks ahead for global warming their consumption habits are changing in a positive way for the environment.	Now that most consumers are aware of the risks ahead for global warming, their consumption habits are changing in a positive way for the environment.
This change in consumers is approach for companies offering products that fulfill their preferences and requirements and all this will lead to a change.	This change in consumers has also changed companies so that they offer production methods that will fulfill their need to help in global change and all this will lead to a greater change.
This change in consumers is approach for companies offering products that fulfill their preferences and requirements and all this will lead to a change.	This change in consumers is approach for companies offering products that fulfill their preferences and requirements and all this will lead to a change. Companies can take advantage of this change in consumer habits by offering environmentally friendly products, which will lead to a change for the better for the environment. 
Being aware of the impact of our daily activities in the world's future will help to be part of a new revolution to reaffirm we are the most intelligent specie on earth.	Being aware of the impact in our daily activities and in the world's future will help us to reclaim that we are the most intelligent specie on earth.
Being aware of the impact of our daily activities in the world's future will help to be part of a new revolution to reaffirm we are the most intelligent specie on earth.	Being aware of the impact of our daily activities on the world's future will help to be part of a new revolution to reaffirm we are the most intelligent specie on earth.
Healthy mood	Healthy mood
These last months I started a swimming class and I am enjoying it so much.	These last months I started a swimming class and I am enjoying it so much.These last few months&nbsp;I have been taking a swimming class and I am enjoying it so much.
I feel I should have done that before , at the beginning I went twice a week and now I go 5 five days a week.	I realized I should have started earlier; at the beginning I went twice a week and now I go 5 five days a week.-This sentence wasn't wrong, but this sounds better.&nbsp;
Always that I am practicing a sport I focus on keeping a healthy life style, now I want to start changing some habits while I eat, something that kills me is the way I eat at work.	When I am practicing a sport I focus on keeping a healthy life style. I would like to start changing some of my eating habits, the way I eat at work kills me.
Always eating in a hurry doesn't help, fast food is not and option.	Always eating in a hurry doesn't help, fast food is not and option.It does not help that I always eat in a hurry. Because I want to start focusing on eating healthy fast food is no longer an option. - Are you saying that fast food is not an option anymore because you want to keep a healthy lifestyle or that you eat in a hurry but do not eat fast food? I assumed the first because that seemed to make the most sense in context.&nbsp;
So now more than a diet I am looking to keep a healthy life stile carrying on with my swimming classes, adding some more exercises during the morning and eating a lot more healthier.	So now more than a diet I am looking to keep a healthy life stile carrying on with my swimming classes, adding some more exercises during the morning and eating a lot more healthier.However, I am trying to keep a healthy life style that is more than just a change in diet. I am continuing with my swimming classes, but adding some more exercises during the morning and eating a lot healthier.-I changed the order of the first sentence, same situation as above. 
Future plans	Future plans
Today I woke up very early in the morning as usual and I prepared everything to start a hard working day.	Today I woke up very early in the morning as usual and I prepared everything to start a day of hard work.
Today I woke up very early in the morning as usual and I prepared everything to start a hard working day.	Today I woke up very early in the morning as usual, and I prepared everything to start a hard day at work.
The last months at the office have been a bit different because I have the feeling of being somewhere else except here.	These last months at the office have been a bit different because I have the feeling of being somewhere else except here.
My trip to eastern Europe it is so close that is making me crazy, I feel I am arranging my departure since ages now.	My trip to eastern Europe is so close that is making me crazy, I feel I have been arranging my departure for ages now.
My trip to eastern Europe it is so close that is making me crazy, I feel I am arranging my departure since ages now.	My trip to eastern Europe it is so close that is making me crazy. I feel I have been arranging my departure for ages now.
I hope the rest of the visa procedures will be done soon so I can start my new projects as soon as possible.	I hope the rest of the visa procedures will be done soon so I can start my new projects as soon as possible.
It is quite annoying to be in a stand by situation while time goes and goes.	It is quite annoying to wait on stand-by for a long time.
After finishing university I have the pressure of a new beginning where I have to make long term plans so I can have a clear view of what is going to happened with my professional future.	After finishing university I have the pressure of a new beginning where I have to make long term plans so I can have a clear view of what is going to happen with my professional future.
After finishing university I have the pressure of a new beginning where I have to make long term plans so I can have a clear view of what is going to happened with my professional future.	After finishing at the university I have the pressure of making long-term plans so I can have a clear view of my professional future.
I still don't know which business  I want to focus in.	I still don't know which business  I want to focus on.
studying english	Studying English
i am studying english and i am on the basic 3	I am studying English and I am on the basic 3.
Today	Today
Today was a very tired day!	Today was a very tired day!You could say:"Today was a very busy day" or "Today left me feeling very tired"
i woke up about 6 am and i went at university	i woke up about 6 am and i went at universityI woke up about 6am and I went to University. Always use capitals for "I".
i woke up about 6 am and i went at university	I woke up about 6 am and I went to university 
after that i went to an english academy to ask about a meeting classes but i didn't like it!	After that I went to an eEnglish academy to ask about a classes but i didn't like it!
after that i went to an english academy to ask about a meeting classes but i didn't like it!	After that I went to an English academy to ask about meeting classes but i didn't like it!
after i had to came back at my univerisity and wait 1 hour to my next	After I had to go back to my University and wait 1 hour until my next
class of english.	class of English.
I ate, studied, spoke with some friends and had another class about 7 o clock'	I ate, studied, spoke with some friends and had another class about 7 o clock'  
I arrived to my home about 8 pm 	I arrived to my home about 8 pm 
I was very tired, i hope that tomorrow would be a great and relaxing day XD	I was very tired, I hope that tomorrow will be a great and relaxing day XD
Just!	Just!
I've seen increasingly the use of the word  JUST	I've seen increasingly the use of the word  JUST
when can i use it?	when can i use it?
WHAT DOES MAD MEANS	WHAT DOES MAD MEAN?
WHEN YOU SAY  MAD YOU WANT TO SAY WHEN YOU ARE ANGRY WHIT SOMEBODY?	Should one say mad when one is angry with somebody?
OR THAT YOU ARE CRAZY?	or does it mean that someone is crazy?
ARE YOU MAD AT ME?	ARE YOU MAD AT ME?
YOUR ARE MAD?	Are you mad?
MY MAD LIFE	MY MAD LIFE
HELP ME OUT!	HELP ME OUT!
What I need...	What I need...
I really need practise my speaking to improve my english.	I really need to practice my speaking ability in english.
What can I do?	What can I do?
I want to use Skype	I want to use Skype
My skype is danielhuerta1	My skype is danielhuerta1
I want to use it to practice my english	I want to use it to practice my english
I really need meet some guys to practice 	I really need to meet some guys to practice 
my english!	my english with!
Hello!	Hello!
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
I need improve my english	I need to improve my english
i think that if im practice trough skype i will be better!	i think that if im practice trough skype i will be better!I think that is I practice on skype I will get better.
my skype is danielhuerta1	my skype is danielhuerta1
and my e-mail msn is dabriths_@hotmail.	and my e-mail msn is dabriths_@hotmail.
com	com
add me!	add me!
bye	bye
Starting at this site	Starting this site
Hi all, I knew about this site checking some CNN news, I though this is a good way to improve my english writing.	Hi all, I knew about this site checking some CNN news, I thought this would be a good way to improve my English writing.
Hi all, I knew about this site checking some CNN news, I though this is a good way to improve my english writing.	Hi all, I knew about this site after checking some CNN news, I though this is a good way to improve my english writing.
Now I'm here writting my first posting, saying hi to all this community.	Now I'm here writting my first post, saying hi to all in this community.
Now I'm here writting my first posting, saying hi to all this community.	Now I'm here writing my first posting, saying hi to all in this community.
I like to share good conversations with other people who like speak other languages, I wait to keep the contact with some people here	I like to share good conversation with other people who like to speak other languages, I wait to keep contact with some people here.
I like to share good conversations with other people who like speak other languages, I wait to keep the contact with some people here	I'd like to share good conversations with other people who like to speak other languages. I want to keep contact with some people here
My wekend	My Weekend
Yesterday nigth, I was at Alcorcón's festivities, there were movils discotecs and it was crowded.	Last night, I went to Alcorcons. There were movil discotecs. The place was crowded with people.
I and Patxi spended the nigth drinking and talking about the woman of the party and the a mojito's problem.	Patxi and I spent the night drinking and talking about women at the party.
My friend Patxi asked a mojito cubano when the guy gived the drink this was poor in licor and it had too much ice, patxi became hunger, he was feel anger, I thougth "My friend look like Hulk!".	My friend Patxi asked a mojito cubano when the guy gived the drink this was poor in licor and it had too much ice, patxi became hunger, he was feel anger, I thougth "My friend look like Hulk!".My friend Patxi ordered a Cuban Mojito. However, when the drink arrived, there wasn't much liquor, and it had too much ice. Because Patxi had not eaten and was hungry, he became angry. I thought, "My friend looks like the Hulk!"
He may control the anger.	He may control the anger.He was able to control his anger.
Past of 2 am.	Past of 2 am.Sometime after 2 am, a girl I didn't know kissed my chest.
a unkonw  girl kissed me at my chess.	a unkonw  girl kissed me at my chess.
Then past of 3 am.	After 3 am.
My friend and I went to house.	My friend and I went to house.
About me	About me
Hi, I'm a engineer of computers sciences.	Hi, I'm an engineer of computer science.
At the time I study a Master of Informatics Research at Madrid at "Universidad Complutense de Madrid".	At the time I study Master of Informatics Research at Madrid at "Universidad Complutense de Madrid".
I arrived to Comunity of Madrid at Oct/2010 and I had lived at Alcorcón City near of Madrid City.	I arrived at Community of Madrid on Oct/2010 and I had lived at Alcorcón City near Madrid City.
I finished my academic year sucessfully, I passed all my asignature in June, therefore I had vacation for very long time since july to september of this year.	I finished my academic year successfully, I passed all my asignature in June, therefore I had vacation for very long time since July to September of this year.
In my vacation went to Bruxelles, Frankfourt, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Santander and Valencia, all of them very nice place.	In my vacation I went to Bruxelles, Frankfourt, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Santander and Valencia, all of them very nice places.
I hope finish my master at Feb/2012 and i will return to my country Ecuador with my family.	I hope to finish my masters in Feb/2012 and I will return to my country Ecuador with my family.
Please if anyone talk me, my skype account is gogueboy.	Please if anyone will talk to me, my skype account is gogueboy.
I could help you in spanish language.	I could help you with the Spanish language.
Best Regards, 	Best Regards, 
Jorge Magallanes	Jorge Magallanes
My last travel	My last travel
In my last travel I went to Ampuero, It's a tinny town in Community of Cantabria, north of the Spain.	In my last travel I went to Ampuero, It's a tinny town in Community of Cantabria, north of the Spain.
I was in festivities at a chair of saint called "Virgin Bien Aparecida".	I was in festivities at a chair of saint called "Virgin Bien Aparecida".
This religious's tradiction was about to beginnig of century 17th at 1605 year, when the Childrens of the region found a tinny sculture of wood, they was sorprise to cause strangers ligths rise of statue.	This religious's tradiction was about to beginnig of century 17th at 1605 year, when the Childrens of the region found a tinny sculture of wood, they was sorprise to cause strangers ligths rise of statue.
I helped in the chair as acolyte, the chair was full and I worked hard on 10 ceremonies, reading and recolete charity.	I helped in the chair as acolyte, the chair was full and I worked hard on 10 ceremonies, reading and recolete charity.
After the festities, my friends and I went to visited the place and We took pictures of the zone, there also were a lot of good food.	After the festities, my friends and I went to visited the place and We took pictures of the zone, there also were a lot of good food.
I knew more to my friend Fran, he is very nice person and he is from Spain.	I knew more to my friend Fran, he is very nice person and he is from Spain.
We travel in your car and he drived for 5 hours because I haven't licence driver.	We travel in your car and he drived for 5 hours because I haven't licence driver.
Studying a new language	Studying a new language
Hi everyone, this is my first entry and i would like to tell why i decided that i wanted to learn japanese, first of all since highscool in Universal History class i was very often fascinated when talking about japan's culture.	Hi everyone, this is my first entry and i would like to tell you why I decided that I wanted to learn Japanese. First of all, since highscool in Universal History class I was very often fascinated when talking about Japan's culture.
The organization they have(goverment and society), their writting is so artistic and in some way beautiful.	The organization they have (goverment and society), their writing is so artistic and in some ways beautiful.
And of course since i wa a child i loved the themes that anime someway transmitted to me, part of the ideals i have now at days are because of books and animes i watched as a kid, now this may sound a little dumb but thats my reason.	And of course since I was a child I loved the themes that anime transmitted to me; part of the ideals I have now are because of books and animes I watched as a kid. Now this may sound a little dumb but that is my reason.
So tell me ¿why did you decided to learn japanese?	So tell me, why did you decide to learn Japanese?
i would really like to know.	I would really like to know.
take care.	Take care.
Dear Mom and Dad:	Dear Mom and Dad:
I'm sorry, I haven't written before, but I have been very busy with all 	I'm sorry, I haven't written before this, but I have been very busy with all 
the things that I have had to do.	the things that I have had to do.
Unfortunately, I don't have muy own	Unfortunately, I don't have my own
computer to send you an e-mail before.	computer to send you an e-mail before now.
Although I'm fine and excited.	Although I'm fine and excited.
We arrived at Tuxtla Gtz., Chiapas	We arrived at Tuxtla Gtz., Chiapas
yesterday.	yesterday.
Chiapas is a beautiful place, but one disadvantage is that	Chiapas is a beautiful place, but one disadvantage is that
is very hot.	it is very hot.
Jaz (my friend) and I are going to San Cristobal de las	Jaz (my friend) and I are going to San Cristobal de las
Casas tomorrow morning.	Casas tomorrow morning.
That place is colder than Tuxtla and it has 	That place is colder than Tuxtla and it has 
a lot of colonial places to visit and many foreigns.	a lot of colonial places to visit and many foreigners.
After that we want	After that we want
to visit Palenque, an archeological place (one of the most important 	to visit Palenque, an archeological place (one of the most important 
places of the "maya" culture.	places of the "maya" culture.
At the moment we're in Tuxtla and we 	At the moment we're in Tuxtla and we 
don't know yet where we want to go first.	don't know yet where we want to go first.
So, please don't worry about me, I'm fine.	So, please don't worry about me, I'm fine.
Write to me soon.	Write to me soon.
Yours Ady.	Yours Ady.
My unforgetable vacation	My unforgetable vacation
I went to Cancún four years ago.	I went to Cancún four years ago.
It was a present from my parents because I just finished my carrer.	It was a present from my parents because I just finished my career.
I went with some friends and with my sister.	I went with some friends and with my sister.My sister and I went with some friends
We satyed there for 1 week.	We there for 1 week.We stayed there for a week.
We stayed in a ecological zone, where we had to take care turtles and their eggs.	We stayed in a ecological zone, where we had to take care turtles and their eggs.
We visited some mayan places like Chichen Itza, that is one of the seven new wonders; Calacmul pyramids and many beautiful beaches with withe sand.	We visited some mayan places like Chichen Itza, that is one of the seven new wonders; Calacmul pyramids and many beautiful beaches with sand.We visited some Mayan sites, like Chichen Itza. It is one of the Seven New Wonders, as well as, the Calacmul Pyramids, and many beautiful white sand beaches.&nbsp; 
In Cancún the weather is hot and you can sunbathe.	In Cancún the weather is hot and you can sunbathe.
The diet is in the main based on shellfish and it's delicious.	The diet is mainly based on shellfish, and it's delicious!
One night we went on to a night club and we saw to "Fher", a famous singer in México.	One night, we went out to a night club and we saw "Fher", a famous singer in México.
He has a rock band that is called "Mana".	He has a rock band that is called "Mana".
He gave us an autograph and we took a photo with him.	He gave us an autograph and we took a photo with him.
It was great!	It was great!
When we returned we had an accident in the highway and we had to wait one day in a shelter, because there was a (or an???) hurricane.	The return trip was difficult. We were involved in an accident on the highway. We also had to spend one day in a shelter because there was a hurricane. 
It was a bad experience.	It was a bad experience.
Finally, we arrived to our houses after one week.	Finally, we arrived to our houses a&nbsp;week later.
Drear Mom and Dad:	Drear Mom and Dad:
I'm sorry, I haven't written before, but I have been very busy with all 	I'm sorry I didn't write sooner, I have been very busy lately.
the things that I have had to do.	the things that I have had to do.
Unfortunately, I don't have muy own	Unfortunately, I didn't have my own
Unfortunately, I don't have muy own	Unfortunately I don't have my own
computer to send you an e-mail before.	computer to send you an e-mail.
Although I'm fine and excited.	I'm fine, and excited.
We arrived at Tuxtla Gtz., Chiapas	We arrived at Tuxtla Gtz., Chiapas
yesterday.	yesterday.
Chiapas is a beautiful place, but one disadvantage is that	Chiapas is a beautiful place, but one disadvantage is that
is very hot.	it is very hot.
Jaz (my friend) and I are going to San Cristobal de las	Jaz (my friend) and I are going to San Cristobal de las
Casas tomorrow morning.	Casas tomorrow morning.
That place is colder than Tuxtla and it has 	It is colder than Tuxtla,it has 
a lot of colonial places to visit and many foreigns.	a lot of colonial places to visit, and has many foreigners.
After that we want	After that we want
to visit Palenque, an archeological place (one of the most important 	to visit Palenque, an archaeological place.  Palenque is one of the most important
places of the "maya" culture.	places of the Mayan culture.
At the moment we're in Tuxtla and we 	At the moment we're in Tuxtla and we 
don't know yet where we want to go first.	don't know where we want to go first yet.
don't know yet where we want to go first.	don't yet know where we first want to go.
So, please don't worry about me, I'm fine.	So, please don't worry about me, I'm fine.
Write to me soon.	Write to me soon.
Yours Ady.	Yours Ady.
Oral exam about myself 	Oral exam about myself 
Next saturday I'm going to take an oral exam, so I need somebody who can help me with this test.	Next saturday I'm going to take an oral exam, so I need somebody who can help me with this test.
My presentation is the next:	The following is my presentation:
Oral exam	Oral exam
Well, so I couldn’t find an interesting item to talk, I’m going to talk about me.	Well, since I couldn’t find an interesting topic to talk about, I’m going to talk about myself.
I was born in México, in 1983.	I was born in México, in 1983.
I have only one sister, she’s studying biology career.	I have only one sister, who’s studying biology.
My dad is employed in a pharmaceutical company, and my mom works in a grocery shop.	My dad is employed in a pharmaceutical company, and my mom works in a grocery shop.
When I was a child I liked playing with dolls, but I also liked cars.	When I was a child I liked playing with dolls, but I also liked cars.
Since then, my mom says I’m weird.	Since then, my mom says I’m weird.
I remember a funny anecdote when I was in fifth grade: I peed in my pans ‘cause my classmates told me that they would give me a jam sandwich and, of course, it was not true.	I remember a funny anecdote when I was in fifth grade: I peed in my pants ‘cause my classmates told me that they would give me a jam sandwich, but of course it was not true.
I had to take off my pans in the school and put in the sunlight.	I had to take off my pants in school and put them in the sunlight.
My adolescence was bored, because there weren’t many bizarre things as usual with teenagers.	My adolescence was boring, because there weren’t many of the bizarre things that are usual with teenagers.
I decided to study psychology when I was in CCH, but so far I understand that, it was because my mom was right, I was weird an I’m still being weird (or I’m still estrange???).	I decided to study psychology when I was in CCH, but so far I understand that, it was because my mom was right, I was weird and I’m still being weird (or I’m still strange?).
Actually, I think people have unconscious reasons to decide their profession.	Actually, I think people have unconscious reasons to decide their profession.
I love my job and I like helping insane people.	I love my job and I like helping insane people.
I’m working with teenagers and it seems to me very difficult because most of them don’t want to receive psychological treatment.	I’m working with teenagers and it seems to me very difficult because most of them don’t want to receive psychological treatment.
What else?	What else?
I like watching tv series, for example I love Dr.	I like watching tv series, for example I love Dr.
House, Lost, Heroes.	House, Lost, Heroes.
Lately, I’ve been watching a British series called “Skin” which just speaks about teenagers.	Lately, I’ve been watching a British series called “Skin” which just speaks about teenagers.
I recommend you.	I would recommend it.
I also like to read almost any book.	I also like to read almost any book.
Next September I’m going to USA for a weeding of one of my cousins.	Next September I’m going to the USA for my cousin's wedding.
I will be drinking a lot of beer or vodka, and I’m, going to go with my sister.	I will be drinking a lot of beer or vodka, and I’m going to go with my sister.
My father’s won’t go because my mom is afraid of heights.	My father won’t go because my mom is afraid of heights.
….	….
Tourism and ecology	Tourism and ecology
I would want to start talking about my own experience with tourism and ecology.	I would like to start talking about my own experience with tourism and ecology.
In fact, I've traveled to many places in Mexico, but I haven't traveled abroad, but obvioulsy I would like it.	In fact, I've traveled to many places in Mexico but I haven't traveled abroad, even though I would obviously like to.
I think Mexico is beautiful, but unfortunately mexicans don't know much about ecology as in other countries.	I think Mexico is beautiful, but unfortunately Mexicans don't know as much about ecology as in other countries.
Well...	Well...
The tourism is one of the most important activities to develop the economy of the countries.	Tourism is one of the most important activities in developing a country's economy.
However, this shouldn't be the most important of the tourism activity.	However, this shouldn't be the most important of the tourism activities.
We must also take into account environmental issues.	We must also take into account environmental issues.
For example, in Antartida (how do you write?) that has incredible views of landscapes of ice, the ecosystem has been affected as a result of tourism.	For example, in Antarctica, which has incredible views of landscapes of ice, the ecosystem has been affected as a result of tourism.
To get there a simple traveler emits 4.5 tonnes of CO2 (carbon dioxide), wich is an impressive amount of pollution.	To get there a simple traveler emits 4.5 tonnes of CO2 (carbon dioxide), which is an impressive amount of pollution.
Today, tourism is in crisis as a result of economic crisis, but we must not forget touristic activities that include the preservarion of the environment.	Today, tourism is in a crisis as a result of the economic crisis, but we must not forget touristic activities that include the preservation of the environment.
Thereforel there are places wich include both activities: tourism and enviromental care.	Therefore there are places which include both activities: tourism and environmental care.
Maybe we can help planting a tree, saving electricity, water or not throwing garbage in the street.	Maybe we can help by planting a tree, saving electricity, water or not throwing garbage in the street.
That can be great!!!	That can be great!!!
I`m studying english grammar	I`m studying english grammar
I am studying english grammar and I want to improve it.	I am studying english grammar and I want to improve it.
If you can help me.	If you can help me, I will be very grateful.
Edu	Edu
The Tao of Pooh.	The Tao of Pooh.
Today I don´t know about I am going to write in Lang-8.	Today I didn't know what to write about on Lang-8.Today I didn't know what to write about on Lang-8
However I think I need write about something every day, this is the way to improve my english.	However I think I need write about something every day, in order to improve my English.
Some days ago, at my parent´s home, I was talking with my sister, Sonia.	Some time ago, at my parents' house, I was talking with my sister, Sonia.
She is an english teacher for some children in an private english academy, at the north of Córdoba, Spain.	She is an English teacher in an private English academy, at the north of Córdoba, Spain.
She showed me a book called "The Tao of Pooh" by Benjamin Hoffman.	She showed me a book called "The Tao of Pooh" by Benjamin Hoffman.
At the beginning of the book there is a sentence which says: "A fly can´t bird, but a bird can fly" 	At the beginning of the book there is a sentence which says: "A fly can´t bird, but a bird can fly" 
I didn´t know the mean of the first mean of "bird", I was crazy.	I didn´t know the meaning of the the word "bird", I was crazy.
I searched it in "wordreference web", but I could not find its mean.	I searched for it on "wordreference web", but I could not find its meaning.
So, I asked Sonia and She said me: "Bird, like a verb means cazar"	So I asked Sonia and she said to me: "Bird, like a verb means cazar"
After this, I promised me, I never will forget it.	After this, I promised myself, I never will forget it.
Thank you for reading and correcting.	Thank you for reading and correcting.
Córdoba, Spain.	Córdoba, Spain.
Today I'm going to Córdoba for visiting my parents.	Today I'm going to Córdoba in order to visit my parents.
I was born in Córdoba.	I was born in Córdoba.
It is a beautiful city.	It is a beautiful city.
Life is peaceful in Córdoba.	Life is peaceful in Córdoba.
Córdoba has the only one Mosque-Cathedral around the world.	Córdoba has the only Mosque-Cathedral in the world.
My prefer month there is May.	My favorite month there is May.
On May the city smells of orange blossom.	In May the city smells of orange blossom.
Courtyards are adorned with a lot of flowers, this event is known as "Los patios".	Courtyards are adorned with a lot of flowers because of an event known as "Los Patios".
After this, in the squares of Córdoba, people build crosses using flowers and a bar is opened to the public at the same place.	After Los Patios, in the squares of Córdoba, people build crosses using flowers and a bar is opened to the public..
It is known as "Las cruces de Mayo" (The May Crosses).	This is known as "Las Cruces de Mayo" (The May Crosses).
It is wonderful.	It is wonderful.
A week later, the Feria de la Salud (The Health fair)is coming.	A week later, the Feria de la Salud (The Health fair) comes.
Then a big space of Córdoba is occupied with a lot of building or marquee gen with music, horses in the streets, women wearing traditional clothes, etc.	Then a big space of Córdoba is occupied with a lot of building or marquee gen with music, horses in the streets, and women wearing traditional clothes.
Then a big space of Córdoba is occupied with a lot of building or marquee gen with music, horses in the streets, women wearing traditional clothes, etc.	Then a big space of Córdoba is occupied with a lot of building or marquee gen with music, horses in the streets, women wearing traditional clothes, etc. the etc. is fine. I'm not completely sure what you're trying to say here...Maybe "A large part of Cordoba" or "Much of Cordoba becomes occupied by buildings or marquee gen with music..." or "Buildings and marquee gens in Cordoba are filled with music..."
Now I live in Sevilla...	Now I live in Sevilla...
but another day I'll talk about it.	but I'll talk about that another day.
Thank you for reading and correcting.	Thank you for reading and correcting.
First writing.	First writing.
Hello everybody!	Hello everybody!
This is my first writing.	This is my first time writing.
I want to improve my english.	I want to improve my english.
I am from Córdoba, Spain, but i have lived in Sevilla for five years.	I am from Córdoba, Spain, but I have lived in Sevilla for five years.
I have studied Criminology at Sevilla University.	I have studied Criminology at Sevilla University.
Thank you everybody for reading and correcting my writing.	Thank you everybody for reading and correcting my writing.
The fall of the giants.	The fall of the giants.
Nowadays I am reading the Ken Follet´s book "The Fall of the Giants".	Nowadays I am reading the Ken Follet´s book "The Fall of the Giants".
It is being a interesting book but at some chapters It is too much boring.	It is a interesting book but at some chapters It is too boring.
I have read over nine hundreds pages so I only need to read over one hundred twenty pages to finish it.	I have read over nine hundreds pages so I only need to read over one hundred twenty pages to finish it.
Before I started to read this book, I read "The Pillars of the Earth" and "World without end" They both are awesome but I prefer "The Pillars of the Earth" if I have to choose one.	Before I started to read this book, I read "The Pillars of the Earth" and "World without end" They both are awesome but I prefer "The Pillars of the Earth" if I have to choose one.
When I finish to read "The Fall of the Giants", I want to read "The Name of the Wind" of Patrick Rothfuss.	When I finish reading "The Fall of the Giants", I want to read "The Name of the Wind" of Patrick Rothfuss.
I think I will like it.	I think I will like it.
Thanks to read and correct.	Thanks to read and correct.
A true story.	A true story.
My sister in law, Laura, works as cashier.	My sister in law, Laura, works as a cashier.
She has worked as cashier in several Spanish cities.	She has worked as a cashier in several Spanish cities.
One of them was Ibiza.	One of them was Ibiza.
One time, a middle-age woman arrived in the cash.	One time, a middle-aged woman arrived at the counter.
The woman put a laundry detergent box on the supermarket cash.	The woman put a laundry detergent box on the supermarket counter.
Laura took the box, and opened it to check in.	Laura took the box, and opened it to check inside.
It was surprising!!	It was surprising!!
Into the box there was a big piece of cheese, the woman was stealing.	Inside the box there was a big piece of cheese, the woman was stealing.
Laura looked to her with the piece of cheese in the hand.	Laura looked at her with the piece of cheese in her hand.
The women said: "Don´t tell me anything.	The women said: "Don´t tell me anything.
Have I win a piece of cheese?"	Have I won a piece of cheese?"
Laura couldn´t stop laughing.	Laura couldn´t stop laughing.
Thank you for reading and correcting.	Thank you for reading and correcting.
Magicians.	Magicians.
Today I am going to tell you about magicians and magic.	Today I am going to tell you about magicians and magic.
I am a magician but it is not my job, I work in other matter related with laws.	I do magic but not as my job. My real job has to do with law.
When I was twelve years old I found a magic book in my grandfather´s library: "Magia, Ilusionismo y Prestidigitación" ( I don't translate this words because the three mean the same in english) of Antonio de Armenteras.	When I was twelve years old I found a magic book in my grandfather´s library: "Magia, Ilusionismo y Prestidigitación" ( I'm not going to translate these words because they mean the same in english) by Antonio de Armenteras.
I read it very quicly.	I read it very quickly.
It was fantastic...	It was fantastic...
but I left the hobbie.	but I stopped doing it after a while.
Some years later, when I was twenty-three years old I recovered the hobbie.	Some years later, when I was twenty-three years old I started the hobby up again.
I bought one book : "Cartomagia fundamental" (Basic magic with cards) of Vicente Canuto and I bought some decks to practice.	I bought a book "Cartomagia fundamental" (Basic magic with cards) by Vicente Canuto and bought some decks to practice.
Today I have a lot of books of magic, over thirty.	Today I have a lot of books about magic, over thirty.
I am a good magician and I enjoy when people enjoy watching my performances.	I am a good magician and I enjoy it when people enjoy watching my performances.
If sometime you are in Sevilla and you want to enjoy, contact with me.	If sometime you are in Sevilla and you want to see for yourself, contact me.
We can have one or two beers while I am acting for you.	We can have a beer or two while I perform for you. "act" is more for interpreting characters
Thank you for read and correct.	Thank you for reading and correcting.
An invented story.	An invented story.
I went to the river side and I saw you were alone.	I went to the river side and I saw you were alone.
I thought you were disoriented so I tried to help you.	I thought you were disoriented so I tried to help you.
I asked you: "Are you fine?" Then, you looked to my eyes directly and fell down on the grass.	I asked you: "Are you fine?" Then, you looked directly into my eyes and fell down on the grass.沝
"Wake up!	"Wake up!
Wake up!" I felt your breath in my  face.	Wake up!" I felt your breath in my  face.
I listened your heartbeats but you didn´t open your eyes.	I could hear your heartbeat but you didn´t open your eyes.
At that moment, a thin rain started to fall on the land.	At that moment, a thin rain started to fall on the land.
Your body begun getting wet and cold.	Your body began getting wet and cold.
I couldn´t do anything.	I couldn´t do anything.
Suddenly, I listened a female voice.	Suddenly, I heard a female voice.
It said "Manuel wake up, you have to go to the school, riaght now!" She was my mother.	It said "Manuel wake up, you have to go to the school, right now!" It was my mother.਽
All this was just a bad dream, a terrible nighmare about you, my love.	All this was just a bad dream, a terrible nighmare about you, my love.
Thank you in advance!	Thank you in advance!
I like cooking.	I like cooking.
Nowadays I don´t have much free time.	Nowadays I don´t have much free time.
I have a lot of plans in course and I am spending all my time in them.	I have a lot of plans in course and I am spending all my time doing them.
However, I need to eat everyday!	However, I need to eat everyday!
So I have to cook.	So I have to cook.
Cooking isn´t one of my plans :)	Cooking isn´t one of my plans :)
Today I am going to cook fish, specifically gilt-head.	Today I am going to cook fish, specifically gilt-head.
I think I will make oven back fish, just with a little of salt and lemon.	I think I will make oven-baked fish, just with a little salt and lemon.
Maybe I will add some pepper.	Maybe I will add some pepper.
I am going to fry some potatoes for adding them to the fish.	I am going to fry some potatoes to add to the fish.
Mmmm Now I am very hungry so I leave you.	Mmmm Now I am very hungry so I'll leave you.
I going to cook!	I going to cook!
Bye.	Bye.
Other invented story.	Another invented story.
I was sleeping.	I was sleeping.
Suddenly I heard like the main door of my house was being opened.	Suddenly I heard a noise, like the main door of my house was being opened.
I opened my eyes like dishes.	I opened my eyes .
I was afraid They were here.	I was afraid They were here.
I looked for my gun and I found it into the drawer of my wardrobe.	I looked for my gun and I found it in the drawer of my wardrobe.
I checked my gun.	I checked my gun.
It had four bullets, so I had two for each one.	It had four bullets, so I had two for each person.
Their steps made enough sound for being heard by me, so I could know where They were.	Their steps made enough sound to be heard by me, so I could tell where They were.
"Now, They are crossing the corridor, the living room, the other corridor...	"Now, They are crossing the corridor, the living room, the other corridor...
They are just behind the door of my bedroom"	They are just behind the door of my bedroom"
"Clack" "Clack" They charged their pistols.	"Clack" "Clack" They their pistols. not sure what the verb would be, maybe "readied"
I knew They wanted kill me.	I knew They wanted to kill me.
I was going to hide under the bed when I changed the opinion and I hid into the wardrobe.	I was going to hide under the bed when I changed my mind and hid in the wardrobe.
Previously I put the pillow under the eiderdown, like if I was there.	Earlier I put the pillow under the eiderdown, as if I was there.
They quietly opened the door of my bedroom, and They shot, shot and shot to the pillow.	They quietly opened the door of my bedroom, and They shot, shot and shot into the pillow.
Then I went out wardrobe, It was very surprising for them, and I killed them.	Then I came out of the wardrobe, It was very surprising for them, and I killed them.
I was unharmed, I was alive.	I was unharmed, I was alive.
Now, I could continue sleeping.	Now, I could continue sleeping.
I have not had time today.	I have not had time today.
In all day long, I have not studied English.	all day long, I have not studied English.
There are several reasons but the main causes are two:	There are several reasons but the main two are:
I have had to study one chapter about Criminal Law.	I have had to study a chapter about criminal law.
It is very large and difficult and I have needed a lot of time to work in it.	It is very long and difficult and I have needed a lot of time to work on it.
The other one is a meet with the doctor.	The other reason was a doctor's appointment.
Two weeks ago I injured myself in the knee, I suffered a sprain, so  today I have gone to the hospital and there a magnetic resonance has been done to me.	Two weeks ago I injured myself in the knee, I suffered a sprain, so today I went to the hospital and had an MRI done. can also say, "I injured my knee".
On next Monday, I have to go to the hospital again for taking the result of it.	Next Monday, I have to go to the hospital again for the results.
In conclusion, this time (now) is the only one I worked my English today.	In conclusion, right now is the only time I have worked on my English today.
Thank you for reading and correcting.	Thank you for reading and correcting.
(Today I have tried to explain some situation which are not easy doing to me) 	(Today I have tried to explain some situations which are not easy for me to explain) 
A funny situation.	A funny situation.
Ten years ago, I was with two friends: Paco and Antonio.	Ten years ago, I was with two friends: Paco and Antonio.
We were having something in a bar of the neighborhood I lived.	We were having something in a bar of the neighborhood I lived in. or, "something in one of the bars in the neighborhood". or, "neighborhood where I lived."
At one moment, Paco said to us "I'm going to phone Perales (other of our friends) to say him come here.	At one point, Paco said to us "I'm going to phone Perales (another friend) to tell him to come here.
Paco went to a nearby telephone box and we, Antonio and me, went with him.	Paco went to a nearby telephone box and we, Antonio and I, went with him.
Paco dialed the phone number and He said: "Hello, is Perales there?".	Paco dialed the phone number and said: "Hello, is Perales there?".
A familiar female voice answered him.	A familiar female voice answered him.
"Paco?"	"Paco?"
Paco said: "Mum?	Paco said: "Mum?
What are you doing at Perales' home?"	What are you doing at Perales' house?"
He made a mistake at the moment of dealing the phone number and He rang his home.	He made a mistake dialing the phone number and he called his home.
Thank you for reading and correcting me.	Thank you for reading and correcting me.
Today.	Today.
I'm going to start studying now.	I'm going to start studying now.
Today I have to spend a lot of time working in law matters.	Today I have to spend a lot of time working in law matters.
I am preparing for a very difficult exam.	I am preparing for a very difficult exam.
It will be in February of twenty twelve.	It will be in February of 2012.
There are only seventy five capacity for all spanish so I think It will be very hard to pass.	There is only a seventy five capacity for panish so I think It will be very hard to pass.
However if I don't try it I know I will be repentant.	However if I don't try it I know I will be repentant.
One of the tests is an english exam.	One of the tests is an english exam.
It is written and oral.	It is written and oral.
When the day will come I tell you about how it was.	When the day comes I will tell you about how it was.
Bye and thanks.	Bye and thanks.
I will do the TOEIC exam	I will do the TOEIC exam
Hi.....	Hi.....
I need help withmy English, because I will do the TOEIC exam...	I need help with my English, because I am going to do the TOEIC exam...
I need help withmy English, because I will do the TOEIC exam...	I need help with my English, because I am going to take the TOEIC exam...
I don't know English, I try to practice but it's so difficult.....	I don't know much English, so I try to practice, but it's so difficult.....
please help me!!!.....	please help me!!!.....
I want to have many friends!!!	I want to have many friends!!!
Helping  my friend!	Helping  my friend!
The another day, I was helping my Korean friend with his Spanish homework.	The other day, I was helping my Korean friend with his Spanish homework.
The another day, I was helping my Korean friend with his Spanish homework.	The other day, I was helping my Korean friend with his Spanish homework.
He is korean but in this moment he live in Japon and study Spanish.	He is Korean but at this moment lives in Japan and studies Spanish.
He is korean but in this moment he live in Japon and study Spanish.	He is Korean but at the moment he lives in Japan and is studying Spanish.
The unique way to communicate  with him is in English language, I write some word but I know that he can understand me.	The unique way to communicate with him is in the English language; I write some words but I know that he can understand me.
I try and study, but I can't find the best way to study English.	I try to study, but I can't find the best way to study English.
Thank for your help!!.....(^.	Thank for your help!!.....(^.
^)	^)
About me!	About me!
Hello!	Hello!
(^.	(^.
^)	^)
My name is Karen, but you call me Yesse.	My name is Karen, but you can call me Yesse.
I'm from Honduras, I'm 22 years old.	I'm from Honduras, and I'm 22 years old.
I study at the college(university).	I study at the college(university).
I want to learn English, because it's the most important language around the world.	I want to learn English, because it's the most important language in the world.
It's the bussiness language.....	It's the business language.....
It's the bussiness language.....	It's the business language.....
I want to have many friend..	I want to have many friends..
I want to have many friend..	I want to have many friends..
and i hope to learn a lot of you...	and I hope to get to know many of you... 
and i hope to learn a lot of you...	and I hope to meet a lot of you...
Have a nice day.	Have a nice day.
¡De nuevo por aquí!	¡De nuevo por aquí!
jejejeje(^,^) Ya días no visitaba  lang-, eso debido a que últimamente estuve en exámenes.	jejejeje(^,^) Ya días no visitaba  lang-, eso debido a que últimamente estuve en exámenes.
Espero pasar más tiempo por acá.	Espero pasar más tiempo por acá.
Aunque el idioma que necesito practicar es el inglés, no esta mal de vez en cuando escribir en nuestro idioma para no olvidarlo.	Aunque el idioma que necesito practicar es el inglés, no esta mal de vez en cuando escribir en nuestro idioma para no olvidarlo.
jajjajaj(^^,)	jajjajaj(^^,)
I like the K-pop	I like K-Pop
Hi!	Hi!
jejjeje...(^.	jejjeje...(^.
^)	^)
I really like the k-pop, My favorites groups are ss501, Super Junior, C.	I really like K-Pop. My favorites groups are ss501, Super Junior, C.
N.	N.
Blue, 2NE1, Girl's Generation....	Blue, 2NE1, and Girls' Generation....
I try to do a paragraph in English, but it's so difficult.....	I try to do a paragraph in English, but it's so difficult.....
my first diary	My first diary
hello, i need help with my english, y love the language but i have some problems when i have to write in english, well i understand english, because when i saw some programs in the TV, that are in English i understand everything...	hello, i need help with my english. I love the language but i have some problems when i have to write in english. Well, I understand English, because when I watch some TV programs that are in English I understand everything...
hello, i need help with my english, y love the language but i have some problems when i have to write in english, well i understand english, because when i saw some programs in the TV, that are in English i understand everything...	Hello, I need help with my english. I love the language but I have some problems with writing. Well, I understand english, because when I watch TV programs that are in English I understand everything...
hello, i need help with my english, y love the language but i have some problems when i have to write in english, well i understand english, because when i saw some programs in the TV, that are in English i understand everything...	Hello, I need help with my English. I love the language but I have some problems when I have to write it in English. Well, I understand English, because when I watch some programs on TV that are in English, I can understand everything...
but i dont know how is my written language.	However, I don't know how well my writing is.
but i dont know how is my written language.	But I don´t know how my writing is.
please help me!!!	Please help me!!!
please help me!!!	Please help me!!!
A MUSICAL EXISTENCE	A MUSICAL EXISTENCE
Throughout millions of years, music has been within ourselves, and has helped humanity in creating who we are.	Throughout millions of years, music has been within ourselves, and has helped humanity in creating who we are.
Since ancient times of Romans and Greeks, who thought this art was more than a mere lifestyle, to our modern ones, the evolution of music has not stopped.	Since ancient times of Romans and Greeks, who thought this art was more than a mere lifestyle, to our modern ones, the evolution of music has not stopped.
Thereupon I stand that human beings could not survive in modern times without musical arts.	Thereupon I stand that human beings could not survive in modern times without musical arts.
Do you think it is possible to live without it?	Do you think it is possible to live without it?
For example, if we do a poll, most of the people will probably not consider having a lifestyle dominated by music.	For example, if we do a poll, most of the people will probably not consider having a lifestyle dominated by music.
However, they have it.	However, they have it.
Music is everywhere since we wake up, until we go to bed.	Music is everywhere since we wake up, until we go to bed.
In every space, in every shape, in every time.	In every space, in every shape, in every time.
Musical arts are considered so complex and sophisticated that they are thought to be another science, which has its own structures and rules in order to exist and serve to others.	Musical arts are considered so complex and sophisticated that they are thought to be another science, which has its own structures and rules in order to exist and serve to others.
In fact, music entails a series of numerological relations, which have mathematics as one of its bases.	In fact, music entails a series of numerological relations, which have mathematics as one of its bases.
That is why humanity has worked on it, and with it, to develop the world as we know it.	That is why humanity has worked on it, and with it, to develop the world as we know it.
Moreover, there are lots of life experiences that have demonstrated the power of music in expressing emotions and feelings.	Moreover, there are lots of life experiences that have demonstrated the power of music in expressing emotions and feelings.
With music, we can handle our day-to-day functioning, if we feel happy, sad, anxious, worried, or even, we do not know how to express what we are feeling, music solves the dilemma.	With music, we can handle our day-to-day functioning, if we feel happy, sad, anxious, worried, or even, we do not know how to express what we are feeling, music solves the dilemma.
For instance, how many times did we have to deal with one of our terrible enemies of modern times; stress.	For instance, how many times did we have to deal with one of our terrible enemies of modern times; stress.
And, you know what?	And, you know what?
It is easy: stop writing, close your computer, grab your radio and press play!	It is easy: stop writing, close your computer, grab your radio and press play!
Mission accomplished.	Mission accomplished.
In the same way, music is considered as a tool for building societies.	In the same way, music is considered as a tool for building societies.
Serving as one of the mainstays in modern society, music can get along in creating communities, representing an expression, or showing public outcry, in any time or place.	Serving as one of the mainstays in modern society, music can get along in creating communities, representing an expression, or showing public outcry, in any time or place.
This art boasts a special feature, typical from cultures, which is to identify themselves with songs and melodies that represent their stands and beliefs.	This art boasts a special feature, typical from cultures, which is to identify themselves with songs and melodies that represent their stands and beliefs.
Furthermore, music helps to make life more livable within a community, an aspect that we need so much these days, when hardly anyone endures to our side / when hardly anyone bears the one who is to our side / when barely no one puts up with who is on our side (I'm not sure how to say it correctly)	Furthermore, music helps to make life more livable within a community, an aspect that we need so much these days, when hardly anyone endures to our side / when hardly anyone bears the one who is to our side / when barely no one puts up with who is on our side (I'm not sure how to say it correctly)
For all these reasons, musical arts are considered one of the most complex and complete forms of art.	For all these reasons, musical arts are considered one of the most complex and complete forms of art.
In addition, human beings are able to express ourselves through music, while music can work as a powerful tool for building life in society.	In addition, human beings are able to express ourselves through music, while music can work as a powerful tool for building life in society.
Humanity needs a way to release its essence, and what better than do it to the rhythm of music.	Humanity needs a way to release its essence, and what better than do it to the rhythm of music.
All in all, the old Friedrich Nietzsche’s saying is correct, “Without music life would be a mistake.”	All in all, the old Friedrich Nietzsche’s saying is correct, “Without music life would be a mistake.”
Working as a translator is the perfect job for me. 	Working as a translator is the perfect job for me. 
Working as a translator is the perfect job for me.	Working as a translator is the perfect job for me.
Every day, translation becomes a challenging task, due to the constant development and dynamic nature of the languages all around the world.	Every day, translating becomes a challenging task due to the constant development and dynamic natures of the languages all around the world.
Despite this fact, I like being challenged by things I really like to do.	Despite this fact, I like being challenged by things I really like to do.
I fell more motivated to reach a certain goal, and improving my performance as a translator will open innumerable opportunities for me to apply for better jobs	I feel more motivated when reaching a certain goal and that will improve my performance. Being a translator will open innumerable opportunities for me.
I thought it at the beginning of my career, and I still think it: there is no other job for me than being a translator.	I thought that at the beginning of my career, and I still think it: there is no other job for me than being a translator.
My neighbourhood	My neighbourhood
Since 10 years ago I have lived in Peñalolén, one of the 32 communes of the Greater Santiago in the Metropolitan Region.	I have lived in Peñalolén, one of the 32 communes of Greater Santiago in the Metropolitan Region, for the last ten years.
Peñalolén (in Mapudungun “fraternal meeting people”) was founded on 15 of November of 1984, and since that year, it has had five mayors; the current one is Claudio Orrego.	Peñalolén (in Mapudungun “fraternal meeting people”) was founded on November 15, 1984, and since that year, it has had five mayors; the current one is Claudio Orrego.
Specifically, I live in Cousiño Macul Park Condominium, one of many condominiums here are.	To be exact, I live in the Cousiño Macul Park Condominiums, one of many condominiums buildings there are here.
It is located around a Jumbo supermarket, a school, and many minimarkets, so it is for sure a very convenient place to live.	It is located near a Jumbo supermarket, a school, and many minimarkets, so it is definitely a very convenient place to live.
Peñalolén has 4 areas or little neighbourhoods: High Peñalolén, Lo Hermida, La Faena and San Luis of Macul, and it also has a lot of green areas, such as Viña Cousiño Park, Quebrada de Macul and Arrieta Park, among others.	Peñalolén has 4 areas or little neighbourhoods: High Peñalolén, Lo Hermida, La Faena and San Luis of Macul, and it also has a lot of green areas, such as Viña Cousiño Park, Quebrada de Macul and Arrieta Park, among others.
I think my neighbourhood is a very convenient one, because it has a great amount of supermarkets (many Jumbo and Lider), schools (such as Pumahue School and Mayor School, where I studied), universities (SEK International University and Adolfo Ibáñez University, one of the most technological and also expensive universities in Santiago), and also a lot of parks and local markets attended by local people where neighbours can buy fruits, vegetables and even clothes and furniture at lower prices.	I think my neighbourhood is a very convenient one, because it has a great amount of supermarkets (many Jumbos and Liders), schools (such as Pumahue School and Mayor School, where I studied), universities (SEK International University and Adolfo Ibáñez University, one of the most technological and also expensive universities in Santiago), and also a lot of parks and local markets attended by local people where neighbours can buy fruits, vegetables and even clothes and furniture at lower prices.
One of the great things I think Peñalolén has to offer to the community, and also to visitants, is its many touristic attractions.	One of the great things I think Peñalolén has to offer to the community, and also to visitors, is its many touristic attractions.
Only in this commune, there are 10 different places to visit, enjoy, and learn more about its history and people.	In this commune, there are 10 different places to visit, enjoy, and learn more about its history and people.
For example, you can choose among: Arrieta’s Old Estate House and Park, Mapuche’s Rhuka Kimn, where you can learn about the Mapuche’s culture and even meet some of them, Peace and Commemoration Park Villa Grimaldi, Cantalao Native Forest Centre, Quebrada de Macul Park’s Andean Mountain Gap, Cousiño Macul and Aquitania Vineyards, La Rosa and El Sol Arts and Handicrafts Towns, and the Ecological Community, all with their beautiful sights and special charm.	For example, you can choose among: Arrieta’s Old Estate House and Park, Mapuche’s Rhuka Kimn, where you can learn about the Mapuche culture and even meet some of them, Peace and Commemoration Park Villa Grimaldi, Cantalao Native Forest Centre, Quebrada de Macul Park’s Andean Mountain Gap, Cousiño Macul and Aquitania Vineyards, La Rosa and El Sol Arts and Handicrafts Towns, and the Ecological Community, all with their beautiful sites and special charm.
If you have the opportunity to visit Peñalolén, come and enjoy its beauty and what it has to offer to anyone who wants to have an awesome time.	If you have the opportunity to visit Peñalolén, come and enjoy its beauty and what it has to offer to anyone who wants to have an awesome time.
Hi again!!	Hi again!!
I´m in white...	I have nothing to say. I don't know what to say.
Well...	Well...
today I want to write about next Saturday...	today I want to write about next Saturday...
This day is very important in Spain.	This day is very important in Spain.
IS THE CHAMPIONS FINAL!!!	IT IS THE FINAL CHAMPIONSHIP!!!
F.	F.
C.	C.
Barcelona vs.	Barcelona vs.
Manchester United, it´s a pitty because I´d like to see Real Madrid vs.	Manchester United, it´s a pity, because I´d like to see Real Madrid vs.
someone.	someone.
But I hope will win Manchester United, come on Owen!!!	But I hope that Manchester United wins-- come on Owen!!!
come on Rooney!!	come on Rooney!!
If F.	If F.
C.	C.
Barcelona will win...	Barcelona wins...
Real Madrid will publish the news "Kun Aguero is a new Real Madrid footballer" ;)	Real Madrid will publish the news "Kun Aguero is a new Real Madrid soccer player" ;)
It must win the best, good lucky for all!!	The best team must win-- good luck to all!!
F1	F1
What do you think about F1?	What do you think about F1?
Fernando Alonso is a Spanish F1 driver, a very good driver!	Fernando Alonso is a Spanish F1 driver, a very good driver!
Pedro De La Rosa is a Spanish F1 driver too, but now he hasn´t got car.	Pedro De La Rosa is a Spanish F1 driver too, but now he hasn´t got a car.
Pedro De La Rosa is a Spanish F1 driver too, but now he hasn´t got car.	Pedro De La Rosa is also a Spanish F1 driver, but now he doesn't have a car.
Two years ago, Hamilton was rival for Alonso, but in this year, they hate Vettel!!	Two years ago, Hamilton was a rival for Alonso, but this year, they hate Vettel!! Better: Hamilton was Alonso's rival...
Two years ago, Hamilton was rival for Alonso, but in this year, they hate Vettel!!	Two years ago, Hamilton was a rival of Alonso's, but this year, they hate Vettel!!
I hope Alonso wins the world cup, he is the best!!!	I hope Alonso wins the world cup- he is the best!!!
In football, Spain is the best in the worl, in basket we are very good too, in tennis we have Nadal!among others tennis players!	In soccer, Spain is the best in the world, in basketball we are very good too, and in tennis we have Nadal! Among others tennis players!
In football, Spain is the best in the worl, in basket we are very good too, in tennis we have Nadal!among others tennis players!	In soccer, Spain is the best in the world, in basketball we are also very good, and in tennis we have Nadal! As well as other tennis players!
In motorcycles...	In motorcycles...
Spain is living a good time about sport!	Spain is living a good time for sports!
Spain is living a good time about sport!	Right now is a good time for Spain in sports!
I´m very happy!!!	I´m very happy!!!
Tu y usted, you and you???	Tu y usted, you and you???
In Spain we use the personal pronoum "tu" for say in English "you", but when we talk with old people, a important person, we say "usted" more educated, but in English is the same "you", where is the difference?	In Spain we use the personal pronoun "tu," or "you" in English, but when we talk with old people, or an important person, we say the more educated "usted," but in English it is the same "you." What is the difference?
Last weekend	Last weekend
On Saturday, I finished my work at 10pm (very late :( ) I went to my house, I had a shower and went to Madrid.	On Saturday, I finished my work at 10pm (very late :( ). I went to my house, took a shower and went to Madrid.
On Saturday, I finished my work at 10pm (very late :( ) I went to my house, I had a shower and went to Madrid.	On Saturday, I finished my work at 10pm (very late :( ) I went to my house, I took a shower and went to Madrid.
We had dinner and drank something.	We had dinner and something to drink. Who is we?
At 3am, we went to sleep.	At 3am, we went to bed.
In the morning on Sunday, we got up at half past nine (9.30am) and watched the race car.	On Sunday morning, we got up at half past nine (9.30am) and watched the car races.
In the morning on Sunday, we got up at half past nine (9.30am) and watched the race car.	In the morning on Sunday, we got up at half past nine (9.30am) and watched the race car.
Then, we go to walt to Retiro, there was a lot of people!!!	Then, we went on a walk to Retiro. There were a lot of people!!!
It was a sunny day!	It was a sunny day!
At lunchtime, we had some "tapas", it is typical Spanish!	At lunchtime, we had some "tapas", which are a typical Spanish dish!
You drink a wine, coke...	You drink a wine, Coke...
and the waiter servings you the "tapa", can be omelette, saussages, bread with ham.	and the waiter serves you the "tapa"- it can be anomelette, sausages, bread with ham, etc.
Yesterday...	Yesterday...
Yestarday was Wednesday.	Yesterday was Wednesday.
I worked in the morning.	I worked in the morning.
I finished my work at half past four.	I finished my work at half past four.
I went to my home and I have lunch, at this hour I´m very hungry!!!	I went home and had lunch- at that time of day I´m always very hungry!!!
Then I played on my computer, and I went to shopping center to buy some clothes	Then I played on my computer, and then went to a shopping center to buy some clothes.
I bougth two shirts and a jean.	I bought two shirts and a pair of jeans. 
Then, in my home I had dinner a pizza, saw tv and went to sleep.	Then, at home I had pizza for dinner, watched TV and went to bed.
Today is a new day, it never again, enjoy your day!!!!	Today is a new day, and it will never come again, so enjoy your day!!!!
Tuesday	Tuesday
I got up at half past seven (7.30 am), I had a shower, I had breakfast a orange juice, chocolate milk and one croissant, I dryed my hair and I made up.	I got up at half past seven (7.30 am), I took a shower, I had breakfast -a glass of orange juice, chocolate milk and one croissant- I dryed my hair and I got myself ready.
I ate macaroni (pasta) with sausages and "chorizo".	I ate macaroni (pasta) with sausages and "chorizo".
Now I´m at home and I must to do a lot of things...	Now I´m at home and I have to do a lot of things...
Today I start my work before my holidays, it was funny because I didn´t do anything!!!	Today I start my work before my vacation. It was funny because I didn´t do anything!!!
Spanish drivers and pedestrian...	Spanish drivers and pedestrians...
All days I drive to my work.	Everyday I drive to work.
All days I drive to my work.	Everyday I drive to my work.
All days I drive to my work.	Every day I drive to work.
There are 12 kilometres, from my house to the shop.	There are 12 kilometres from my house to the shop.
There are 12 kilometres, from my house to the shop.	It is 12 kilometres from my house to the shop.
Some days are traffic jam, and most lost their heads!!	Some days are traffic jams, and most people lose their heads!!
Some days are traffic jam, and most lost their heads!!	Some days there are traffic jams, and most people lose their heads!!
Sometimes me too...	Sometimes I do too...
Sometimes me too...	Sometimes I do too...
You can hear many klaxon!!	You can hear many klaxon!! What is a klaxon?
You can hear many klaxon!!	You can hear many klaxon!! Not sure what you are trying to say here
You can hear many klaxon!!	You can hear many people honking their horns!!
But...	But...
now we must to lead to 110 km/h.	now we must to drive 110 km/h.
All Spanish are angry, but we can´t do something.	All Spaniards are angry, but we can´t do anything about it.
All Spanish are angry, but we can´t do something.	All Spanish people are angry, but we won't do anything.
Then, Spanish pedestrian don´t look when they cross the road, I answer to me: Do the know that they can die?	Then, Spanish pedestrians don´t look when they cross the road, and I ask myself: Do the know that they could die?
Then, Spanish pedestrian don´t look when they cross the road, I answer to me: Do the know that they can die?	Then, Spanish pedestrians don´t look when they cross the road. Answer me this: Do they know that they can die?
Then, Spanish pedestrian don´t look when they cross the road, I answer to me: Do the know that they can die?	Then, Spanish pedestrians don´t look when they cross the road, and I ask myself: Don't they know that they could die?
The car maybe fail, I´m a human...	The car maybe fail, I´m a human...I'm not sure what you mean here.
The car maybe fail, I´m a human...	The car may fail, I´m only human...
They cross the road where they want, don´t look, cross slowly...	They cross the road where they want, don´t look, and cross slowly...
They cross the road where they want, don´t look, cross slowly...	They cross the road wherever they want, don´t look, cross slowly...
Other day I will speak about drivers at roundabouts...	On another day I will speak about drivers at roundabouts...
Other day I will speak about drivers at roundabouts...	Another day I will speak about drivers at roundabouts...
WoW!!	WoW!!
Today I am inspired!!!	Today I am inspired!!!
I have a lot of question...	I have had a lot of questions...
all day on my head...	all day in my head...
not only about English, I don´t know that can I do in my life.	not only about English; I don´t know what to do in my life.
I´d like to go around the world, study a lot of languages, I´d like to study medicine, but is later now...	I´d like to go around the world, study a lot of languages, study medicine, but is later now... I don't know what you mean by "but is later now."
We always say all things like to do, but we have no time.	We always say all the things we want to do, but we never have time.
I´m happy with my work now, because here in Spain, and all the world is very important to have money!!	I´m happy with my work now, because here in Spain, and the rest of the world it is very important to have money!!
But it isn´t the work of my life...	But it isn't what I want to do in the long run...
One question!!	One question!!
When you write something talking about you, for example:	When you write something talking about you, for example:
I go to beach next summer, and I will go to eat a paella.	I go to beach next summer, and I will go to eat a paella.
Always say "I" my question is: when you write "I" always must be like this "I" and no like this "i"??	Always say "I" my question is: when you write "I" always must be like this "I" and no like this "i"??
I hope you understand me!!	I hope you understand me!!
One question!!	One question!!
Here in Spain when we say "thank you"(gracias) the other person say "you´re welcome"???(we say "de nada")	HHere in Spain when we say "thank you"(gracias) the other person responds "you´re welcome"???(we say "de nada")
If I translate it to Spanish, "tu eres bienvenido" is correct???	If I translate it to Spanish, "tu eres bienvenido" is correct???
Thank you!!!	Thank you!!!
Spanish omelette	Spanish omelette
I love Spanish omelette!!	I love the Spanish omelette!!
I love Spanish omelette!!	I love Spanish omelettes!!
It is delicious!!	They are delicious!!
For make it for four people:	To make it for four people:
For make it for four people:	For make them for four people:
six eggs, five medium potatoes, salt, olive oil and onion if you like it!	You will needsix eggs, five medium potatoes, salt, olive oil and onion if you like it!
You peel the potatoes, and chop onions on a plate, put salt it.	Peel the potatoes, chop onions on a plate, put salt on it.
You peel the potatoes, and chop onions on a plate, put salt it.	Peel the potatoes, chop the onions on a plate, and put salt on them.
In a pan with the olive oil, fry the potatoes and the onion.	In a pan with the olive oil, fry the potatoes and the onions.
Meantime, beat the eggs, if you like juicy (jugosa), add a splash of water to the eggs.(a little of water)	In the meantime, beat the eggs, if you like juicy (jugosa), add a splash of water to the eggs.
Meantime, beat the eggs, if you like juicy (jugosa), add a splash of water to the eggs.(a little of water)	In the meantime, beat the eggs. If you like them juicy (jugosa), add a splash of water to the eggs.
Add the french fries to the eggs, and mix it.	Add the french fries to the eggs, and mix it.
Add the french fries to the eggs, and mix it.	Add the french fries to the eggs, and mix it all together.
With a little of olive oil on the pan, put all.	With a little of olive oil on the pan, put all in the pan.
With a little of olive oil on the pan, put all.	With a little olive oil in the pan, put everything in the pan.
Wait some minutes, simmer.	Wait a few minutes, and then let it simmer.
Now is the difficult!!!	Now this part is difficult!!!
Now is the difficult!!!	Now comes the difficult part!
You must to turn the omelette!!	You must turn the omelet!!
You must to turn the omelette!!	You have to flip the omelette!!
Help you with a big plate!	For help use a big plate. 
Help you with a big plate!	It helps to use a big plate.
Some minutes on the other side and...	Let it cook for some minutes on the other side and...
Some minutes on the other side and...	Let it cook for a few minutes on the other side and...
voila!!	voila!!
You can eat it with a salad, soap, or brad and mayonnaise!	You can eat it with a salad, soup, or bread and mayonnaise!
Enjoy it and tell me!!!	Let me know if you enjoy it!!!
Enjoy it and tell me!!!	Try it and let me know how you like it!
My last travel	My last trip
Yesterday I came from Amsterdam.	Yesterday I returned from Amsterdam.
I´m very sad now...	I´m very sad now...
I went in September, and last week.	I went in September, and also last week.
It was beautiful!!	It was beautiful!!
But my english is wrong and my pronuntiation too.	But my English is bad and my pronunciation too.
There all dutch people speak english and dutch!	There, all the Dutch people speak English and Dutch!
They always go by bike!	They go everywhere by bike!
In all streets there are a lot of bicycles!	On all the streets there are a lot of bicycles!
I visited "Den Haag", and I saw the North Sea, what cold!!!	I visited "Den Haag", and I saw the North Sea. It was so cold!!!
but a very big beach!	But the beach was very big!
They only need spanish sun!	They just need the Spanish sun!
For our lucky, we didn´t see the rain!	Lucky for us, we didn´t see any rain!
It was very cold, and we were two evening in "Vondelpark".	It was very cold, and we spent two evenings in "Vondelpark".
Today I don´t work, I wash our clothes of all week, tomorrow I will work :( :(	Today I don´t have to go to work, so I am washing our clothes from the week. Tomorrow I will work :( :(
quitting smoking is easy if you know how	Quitting smoking is easy if you know how.
This is the title of my new book.	This is the title of a new book I got.
This is the title of my new book.	This is the title of the book I started reading.
I´m a smoker, and I hate it.	I´m a smoker, and I hate it.
This book is very interesting, it was write by Allen Carr.	This book is very interesting. It was written by Allen Carr.
When I finish it, I say you if it works.	When I finish it, I will tell you if it works.
When I finish it, I say you if it works.	When I finish it, I will let you know if it works.
I want to quitting smoking the first of May.	I want to quit smoking the first of May.
Here in Spain you only can smoke on the street and in your home, we can´t smoke in bars.	Here in Spain you can only smoke on the street and in your home; we can´t smoke in bars.
Here is tipycal drink a coke or your favourite drink with a cigarette!	Here it was typical to drink a coke or your favourite drink with a cigarette!
Here is tipycal drink a coke or your favourite drink with a cigarette!	Before it was typical here to drink a Coke or your favourite drink with a cigarette!
And watch football in bars with a cigarette, AND NOW WE CAN´T!!!!	And watch football in bars with a cigarette, AND NOW WE CAN´T!!!!
About two years ago a lot of bars did reform, built a small room on the bar for the smokers, they spent money, and now is worthless.	About two years ago a lot of bars reformed, and built a small room into the bar for the smokers. They spent money on this and now it's worthless.
About two years ago a lot of bars did reform, built a small room on the bar for the smokers, they spent money, and now is worthless.	About two years ago a lot of bars remodeled and added a small room onto the bar for smokers. They spent all that money, and now it's for nothing.
But it isn´t my problem now, because I will be a not smoker!!	But it isn´t my problem now, because I will be a non-smoker!!
But it isn´t my problem now, because I will be a not smoker!!	But it isn´t my problem now, because I will soon be a non-smoker!!
Only one week more!	Only one more week !
About me	About me
Hi!	Hi!
My name is Laura.	My name is Laura.
I live in Madrid, Spain.	I live in Madrid, Spain.
I´m twenty four years old.	I´m twenty-four years old.
I work in a shop.	I work in a shop.
I´d like to learn English and more languages, I think is very interesting for me.	I´d like to learn English and more languages. They are very interesting to me.
I´d like to learn English and more languages, I think is very interesting for me.	I´d like to learn English and I am also interested in learning other languages.
I´m ashamed to speak English for my bad pronuntiation!	I´m ashamed to speak English because of my bad pronunciation!
A lot of people think the spanish people have sense of ridiculous!	A lot of people think the Spanish have sense of ridiculous!
A lot of people think the spanish people have sense of ridiculous!	A lot of people think the Spanish have a good sense of humor!
I think...	I think...
is true!	it's true!
The new TV program!	The new TV program!
All days I think "what about my wrong English?" well...	All days I think "what about my wrong English?" well...
Next September I will go to school for learn more and best English, but...	Next September I will go to school for learn more and best English, but...
I could not belive that my eyes are waching!!!	I could not belive that my eyes are waching!!!
A TV program where they teach us!	A TV program where they teach us!
But I need to learn more English until July, because I rented a beautiful house near the beach, and the owner is English!	But I need to learn more English until July, because I rented a beautiful house near the beach, and the owner is English!
Also I´d like to travel, and my dream is to work in other country, a short o long time, but always with my Spanish home, I will miss the "jamon"	Also I´d like to travel, and my dream is to work in other country, a short o long time, but always with my Spanish home, I will miss the "jamon"
If you know someone who needs a Spanish man or woman to work, I´m here!!	If you know someone who needs a Spanish man or woman to work, I´m here!!
;)	;)
Next September I will study a lot of for my perfect English...	Next September I will study a lot of for my perfect English...
You won´t can to belive it!!	You won´t can to belive it!!
Films and TV series	Films and TV series
I´m searching films and TV series in original version, and I don´t find anything.	I´m searching for films and TV series in their original versions, and I can't find anything.
I´d like to watch "The Simpsons" because in Spanish I know memory, and in other countries I saw it in English, and I understood some words!!	I´d like to watch "The Simpsons" because in Spanish I have good memories of it, and I've seen it in English on trips to other countries, and I understood some words!!
What sad!!	How sad!!
I´d like too some film with English subtitles, or Spanish subtitles.	I´d like too see some film with English subtitles, or Spanish subtitles.
I´d like too some film with English subtitles, or Spanish subtitles.	I´d like to watch some films with English subtitles, or Spanish subtitles. Films is okay, but slightly formal- movies sounds more natural. 
I´ve seen some music videos in youtube, listen English music, like Madonna, I understan her very well!!	I´ve seen some music videos on youtube, and listened to English music, like Madonna -- I understand her very well!!
I search the song lyrics, and I sing like a cracy!	I search for the song lyrics, and I sing like crazy!
If someone listen to me, will want to kill me!!	If someone hears me, they will want to kill me!!
Spain, my country... (1)	Spain, my country... (1)
I was born in Leon, a small city from Spain, but when I was eighteen years old, I traveled to Madrid.	I was born in Leon, a small city in Spain, but when I was eighteen years old, I moved to Madrid.
Now I live in Madrid and I go to Leon to see to my family.	Now I live in Madrid and I go to Leon to see my family.
Now I live in Madrid and I go to Leon to see to my family.	Now I live in Madrid and I go to Leon to visit my family.
You can eat very well, go to our beautifull beaches, you can visit the monuments, and we have a good weather!!!	You can eat very well, go to our beautifull beaches, you can visit the monuments, and we have good weather!!!
You can eat very well, go to our beautifull beaches, you can visit the monuments, and we have a good weather!!!	You can eat delicious food, go to our beautiful beaches, visit our famous monuments, and we have good weather!!!
You can eat very well, go to our beautifull beaches, you can visit the monuments, and we have a good weather!!!	You can eat very well here, go to our beautiful beaches, and visit our monuments, and we have good weather!!!
I like Spain, but I´d like to live in other countries, I know other people, to learn languages, customs, houses, cars...	I like Spain, but I´d like to live in other countries. I want to know other people, to learn languages, customs, houses, cars...
I like Spain, but I´d like to live in other countries, I know other people, to learn languages, customs, houses, cars...	I like Spain, but I´d like to live in other countries, I want to meet other people and learn languages, customs, houses, cars...
but always with my home in Spain.	But always my home will be in Spain.
but always with my home in Spain.	But always my home is in Spain.
You must to visit my country, I´m sure you like it!!!	You must to visit my country. I´m sure you will like it!!!
You must to visit my country, I´m sure you like it!!!	You must visit my country, I´m sure you will like it!!!
You must to visit my country, I´m sure you like it!!!	You must come visit my country, I´m sure you will like it!!!
education fo chile	Education for Chile
hi, i am student of chile, i study ingineering in the university of Santiago of Chile.	Hi, I am student of Chile, I am studying engineering at the University of Santiago of Chile.
Whit all other university public of my country whe are protesting by a better education, more just, equal for all.	With all other universities that are public of my country, we are protesting for a better education, that is equal for all.
but the guberment of my country, dont like this, he wont that the educuation of good qualty be for only a group select of person.	but the government of my country, doesn't like this ;they allow good quality eduacation for only a group of selected of person.
also when whe try to protest, put the police in the street, whit the order to arrest whit no reason, whit the utilization excessive of the force 	Also when we try to protest, they put the police in the street, with the order to arrest for no reason, with the utilization of excessive force. 
my day 	my day 
today in the morning, I wake up at the teen thirty, i been loking for the windows like half hour, thinking in yesterday, it was a very fun day, I meet whit my friend of school, from december of 2010 that i don t seen, we talk by many hours, about the university, and the new friend that we found..	today in the morning, I woke up at the ten thirty , i been looking out the windows like a half hour, thinking about yesterday, it was a very fun day, I met with my friends from school, from december of 2010 that i don't see, we talk for many hours, about the university, and the new friend that we have found..
spend many time in that but is great share your time whit friends 	spent a lot of time in that, but it is great to share time with your friends 
A crazy story	A crazy story
Once upon a time, in Vencia, Italy,a marine world under its “gondolas”.	Once upon a time, in Vencia, Italy,a marine world under its “gondolas”.
In this place, lived aliens with the latest unknown technology, in fact, they were the responsible that the “gondolas” moved.	In this place, lived aliens with the latest unknown technology, in fact, they were the responsible that the “gondolas” moved.
The aliens lived in giant bubbles, but sometimes they walked their pets (sharks) to see the wonderful things in Venecia, like the “Saint Marcos square” and an other times they chatted with “gondoliers”.	The aliens lived in giant bubbles, but sometimes they walked their pets (sharks) to see the wonderful things in Venecia, like the “Saint Marcos square” and an other times they chatted with “gondoliers”.
But that time came to end when the aliens were attacked by penguins and the aliens had to move to Naolinco; it is located in the centre of Veracruz state, 32 kilometers north of Xalapa.	But that time came to end when the aliens were attacked by penguins and the aliens had to move to Naolinco; it is located in the centre of Veracruz state, 32 kilometers north of Xalapa.
In Naolinco, the aliens found a new life and worked making shoes of different kinds and they enjoyed the “Patronal party”, it is celebrated in September 15th  and they dressed up like  cowboys, devils, women, etc.	In Naolinco, the aliens found a new life and worked making shoes of different kinds and they enjoyed the “Patronal party”, it is celebrated in September 15th  and they dressed up like  cowboys, devils, women, etc.
There, the aliens met  Harry Potter, a wizard that invited the aliens to Hogwarts school to learn magic, where they also had yoga, salsa and aerobic lessons with Dumbledore.	There, the aliens met  Harry Potter, a wizard that invited the aliens to Hogwarts school to learn magic, where they also had yoga, salsa and aerobic lessons with Dumbledore.
Finally the aliens came back to Naolinco and ate mole, gorditas and traditional food, but before to leave Hogwarts, Harry gave them some magic water from the fountain of life and the aliens became stronger and immortals.	Finally the aliens came back to Naolinco and ate mole, gorditas and traditional food, but before to leave Hogwarts, Harry gave them some magic water from the fountain of life and the aliens became stronger and immortals.
Then the aliens went to Venecia to defy the penguins in a baseball game and when the aliens won, they returned at home and had cultural events without sleep because they were immortals and sometimes they came back to Naolinco to buy shoes and visit Hogwarts.	Then the aliens went to Venecia to defy the penguins in a baseball game and when the aliens won, they returned at home and had cultural events without sleep because they were immortals and sometimes they came back to Naolinco to buy shoes and visit Hogwarts.
By: Amber	By: Amber
Hello everybody	Hello everybody
Hello everybodyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.	Hello everybodyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Hey I am new in this page and I hope that you want  to be my friends but the most important.	Hey, I am new to this page and I hope that you want to be my friends but, most importantly,
Help me to learn english.	Help me learn English.
You see, I am studying english because I like it and also I like act and my dream is first know english and travel to London in England to the London academy of music and dramatic arts.	You see, I am studying English because I like it and also because I like acting. My dream is first to learn English and then to travel to London to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Arts.
So please help me to do this great ilusion.	So, please help me achieve my dream.
If you are from England I need your help more....	If you are from England, I need your help even more....
^^	^^
So I can help you with Spanish if you want it.	So I can help you with Spanish if you want it.
Domo Arigato gozaimasu(japanese)	Domo Arigato gozaimasu(japanese)
See you later	See you later
Sayonara	Sayonara
Amber Goldsmith	Amber Goldsmith
THE BLUE ROSE	THE BLUE ROSE
Write me Please.	Please, write me!
Ok.	Ok.
In my first text nobody correct me and post me.	In my first text nobody posted any corrections for me.
In my first text nobody correct me and post me.	In my first text nobody posted any corrections for me.
I am so sad for that.	I am so sad that they did not.
Please help me.	Please help me.
On the other hand I want to help somebody to learn spanish and also I want have so more friends.	On the other hand I want to help somebody to learn Spanish and also I want to have many more friends.
On the other hand I want to help somebody to learn spanish and also I want have so more friends.	On the other hand, I want to help somebody to learn spanish and I also want have more friends.
C'mon write me!	C'mon write me!
Amber	Amber
My favourite phrase	My favourite phrase
"Never is to late to be who you want to be, there's not time limit you can begin when you want,you can change or you can remain the same, life haven't rules;make it the most of wasting it.	"It is never too late to be who you want to be; there's no time limit. You can begin when you want. You can change or you can remain the same. Life doesn't have rules; make it the most of wasting it. I don't understand "make it the most of wasting it"
I hope you take advantage; I hope you see things that surprise you,I hope you feel things that you have never felt, I hpe you meet people with differents opinions, I hope you are proud of your life;if you aren't, I hope you have the strength and you can begin it again."	I hope you take advantage; I hope you see things that surprise you, I hope you feel things that you have never felt, I hope you meet people with different opinions, I hope you are proud of your life; if you aren't, I hope you have the strength and you can begin it again."
The curious case of Benjamin Buton	The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Hi	Hi
Hi all, I'm new so this is the first time that I write here, I don't know if this is the right place to do it :S, anyway...	Hi everyone, I'm new so this is the first time that I write here, I don't know if this is the right place to do it :S, anyway...
I'm from Argentina and I need to improve my english ...	I'm from Argentina and I need to improve my english ...
also I love japanese culture, I tried to learn japanese by myself but it's to difficult...	also I love japanese culture, I tried to learn japanese by myself but it's to difficult...
I will be more than glad if you can help me with any of them :)  ...	I will be more than glad if you can help me with any of them :)  ...
and if you need help leraning spanish I would love to help you	and if you need help leraning spanish I would love to help you
The correct expression	The correct expression
I'm studing chemical engineering and I want to explain how a voltaic cell works	I'm studing chemical engineering and I want to explain how a voltaic cell works.
It's an oxidation- reduction process.	It's an oxidation-reduction process.
I don't know wich is the correct expression to say that the cooper "gets reduced" and the zinc "gets oxidated"...	I don't know which is the correct expression to say.  That the copper "gets reduced" and the zinc "gets oxidated"...?
(Quiero decir que el cobre se reduce ganando electrones y el zinc se oxida perdiendo electrones)	(Quiero decir que el cobre se reduce ganando electrones y el zinc se oxida perdiendo electrones)
The return of the living dead	The return of the living dead
Hi everyone,it's been so long since the last time that I posted something here (actually anywhere).	Hi everyone. It's been so long since the last time that I posted something here, or anywhere.
I have been absent for awhile from all my internet activities.	I have been absent for a while from all my internet activities.
I haven't been practicing my english so I thought that I might have forgotten how to write.	I haven't been practicing my english so I thought that I might have forgotten how to write.
I was so busy with all my university stuff that I didn't have time to do anything but study.	I was so busy with all my university stuff that I didn't have time to do anything but study.
Last friday I gave my last final exam, It was my last chance to pass it but thank God I did it right.	Last Friday I took my last final exam. It was my last chance to pass so thank God I did it right.
Classes will start march 8th so I have one week of vacations to rest and do all the things that I won't be able to do during the year.	Classes will start March 8th so I have one week of vacation to rest and do all the things that I won't be able to do during the year.
I have a new hobby!!	I have a new hobby!!
watching doramas,tons of them!!	watching doramas,tons of them!!
I don't know if I have mentioned this before but I love asian culture, especially japanese culture.	I don't know if I have mentioned this before but I love asian culture, especially japanese culture.
I'm glad to be able to write again, I hope I can write more frequetly so I can continue learning and improving my english.	I'm glad to be able to write again, and I hope I can write more frequently so I can continue learning and improving my English.
Hello!	Hello!
Hello everybody!	Hello everybody!
My name's Maria, and I'm Spanish.	My name's Maria, and I'm Spanish.
I haven't studied English for many years now, so please help me to improve my skills on writing.	I haven't studied English for many years now, so please help me to improve my writing skills .
I'm also lacking lots of vocabulary, so it would be fine if you'd help me with that.	I'm also lacking lots of vocabulary, so it would be fine if you'd help me with that.
If you need help with Spanish just let me know.	If you need help with Spanish just let me know.
Thank you very much.	Thank you very much.
Without help	Without help
How can I know what percentage of English I have, is so hard to know it but the people knows trough the mistakes that we made, for first time I don’t use anything for help me in my speech like other times I used dictionary or translates for help me a little bit, so I wanna realize me how many mistakes I have to know my English´s average of this little wrote.	How can I know what percentage of English I have mastered? It's so hard to know this, but people know by the mistakes that we make. For the first time I am not using anything for helping me in my writing like other times when I used a dictionary or online translator to help me a little bit. So I wanna realize how many mistakes I have to know my English´s average from this little I wrote.
Thank you.	Thank you.
Tonight	Tonight
Tonight was really nice, first i went to a friend´s house and i watched a soccer game.	Tonight was really nice, first I went to a friend´s house and watched a soccer game.
And then when tha match was finished,we went to a party but the really don´t was a great deal, mmm just was fun but i hoped something better, whatever i was really great night because my friends and i were a good time.	And then when the match was finished, we went to a party but it really wasn’t that great, mmm it was fun but I hoped for something better. Anyway, it was really great night and my friends and I had a good time. OR: I hoped for something better. Whatever -- it was...
For the last, i turn off my computer and i started to describe my day, now i´m going to sleep on my bed.	Finally, I turned off my computer and I started to describe my day; now I´m going to sleep on my bed.
Thanks, i really wanna that you can help me with my english and if it´s possible review my mistakes.	Thanks, I really hope that you can help me with my English and if it´s possible correct my mistakes.
Mother´s Day	Mother´s Day
In my country tomorrow is gonna be the mother´s day (10-may-11),I´m a little nervious because I don´t was able to buy a gift for her.	In my country tomorrow is gonna be mother´s day (10-may-11), I´m a little nervous because I wasn’t able to buy a gift for her.
Anyway I´ll to hug and kiss her.	Anyway I´ll hug and kiss her.
All my family will meet in my house for the meal, also I´ll to congratulate my sister because they are mothers too.	All my family will meet in my house for the meal, also I´ll congratulate my sisters because they are mothers too.
For the next year, I'll to save a lot of money for buy something for her.	For next year, I'll save a lot of money to buy something for her.
Although she told me that just with a good behavior it´s enough.	Although she told me that just good behavior is enough.
I had been able to buy something for her but I don´t work anymore.	I would have been able to buy something for her but I don´t work anymore.
Boring day?	Boring day?
Today was a hard day because I went to the dentist with my mom and I was waiting around 2 hours to my mom´s turn and then I was waiting 1 hour more for her date, finally We can return to my house and I realized that was too late for to go to anywhere and the true I was something stressed so I preferred to stay home and rest well I was something angry for other issues althoug I think I wasted my friday but it´s ok because I´ll have more chances for a nice weekend.	Today was a hard day. I went to the dentist with my mom and was waiting around 2 hours for her turn, and then another hour for her appointment to finish. Finally, we were able to return home and I realized that it was too late to go anywhere. Honestly, I was a bit stressed so I preferred to stay home and rest well. I was a bit angry about other issues and I think I wasted my Friday, but it´s ok because I´ll have more chances to have a nice weekend.
The soccer match	The soccer match
Today we were a soccer match on the "Guadalupe" league, and our match was a hard soccer game but we did a nice match, in the first half time we had a lot of opportunities for to score it but we didn´t because they are a nice soccer team.	Today we had a soccer match in the "Guadalupe" league, and it was a hard one but we did well. In the first half time we had a lot of opportunities to score but we didn´t because the other team is also strong.
And then when the second part started, we improved our pass and kind of game and maybe 8 or 10 minutes after that, we finally can score the goal for the win,but we missed the ball 4 min before  to end and they could score us.	When the second part started, we improved our passing and overall game and maybe 8 or 10 minutes after that, we finally were able to score the a goal and put ourselves in the lead. But four minutes before the end they scored on us.
Unfortunately the match ending with 1-1 in the final score.	Unfortunately the match ended with 1-1 as the final score.
Anyway was a nice match and all of us we happy for our performance.	Anyway it was a nice match and all of us are happy about our performance.
I think I could played best however I think I did pretty well.	I think I could have played better however I think I did pretty well.
Childhood games	Childhood games
One of the games children played when I was child is called "matagente", which is a kind of dodgeball.	One of the games children played when I was child is called "matagente", which is a kind of dodgeball.
It's played with a group of people and a designated couple that flanks them.	It's played with a group of people and a designated couple that flanks them.
The couple passes the ball each other, trying to hit the people between them.	The couple passes the ball each other, trying to hit the people between them.
When they hit a person, he/she goes out of play.	When they hit a person, he/she goes out of play.
The last person left wins the game.	The last person left wins the game.
Another game popular on that age (specially among girls) is jacks ("yases" in Peru).	Another game popular on that age (specially among girls) is jacks ("yases" in Peru).
Here, we play with six jacks.	Here, we play with six jacks.
The player throws a rubber ball and takes the jacks before the ball makes more than one bounce.	The player throws a rubber ball and takes the jacks before the ball makes more than one bounce.
First, one takes the jacks one by one, later two by two, and so on, until take the six jacks in one move.	First, one takes the jacks one by one, later two by two, and so on, until take the six jacks in one move.
Later, one plays again one by one, but with additional actions: banging on the floor before taking the jack, taking in two steps, taking without even a ball bounce, or a combination of these and others.	Later, one plays again one by one, but with additional actions: banging on the floor before taking the jack, taking in two steps, taking without even a ball bounce, or a combination of these and others.
Leisure	Leisure
Alright!	All right!
Two days ago I decided to log-in here.	Two days ago I decided to log in here.
I have to admit i was kind of nervous, as you  can read in my first entry.	I have to admit I was kind of nervous, as you can read in my first entry.
I have to admit i was kind of nervous, as you  can read in my first entry.	I have to admit that I was kind of nervous, as you  can read in my first entry.
Nevertheless now i'm a little bit dissappointed 'cause anybody corrected me.	Nevertheless now I'm a little bit dissappointed 'cause no one corrected me.
Nevertheless now i'm a little bit dissappointed 'cause anybody corrected me.	Nevertheless, now I'm a little bit disappointed because nobody corrected me.
Bu!	Boo!
But anyway, i'm still waiting for someone nice ñ_ñ.	But anyway, I'm still waiting for someone nice ñ_ñ.
But anyway, i'm still waiting for someone nice ñ_ñ.	Anyway, I'm still waiting for someone nice ñ_ñ.
However, this entry is pretty boring, i don't have anything good to comunicate or any funny story, actually, my mind is somewhere else.	However, this entry is pretty boring as I don't have anything good to communicate or any funny stories, actually, my mind is somewhere else.
However, this entry is pretty boring, i don't have anything good to comunicate or any funny story, actually, my mind is somewhere else.	However, this entry is pretty boring--I don't have anything good to communicate or any funny story. Actually, my mind is somewhere else. 
Benoît Pimont!	Benoît Pimont!
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
I don't expect you to remember all my entries, but today's entry it's going to be about something I wrote some months ago.	I don't expect you to remember all my entries, but today's entry it's going to be about something I wrote some months ago.
I have to admit it, I'm very happy!	I have to admit it, I'm very happy!
Today I was able to obtain Benoît Pimont's music!	Today I was able to obtain Benoît Pimont's music!
I'd passed the last two years trying to download the soundtrack of "Grégoire Moulin contre l'humanite"...	I'd passed the last two years trying to download the soundtrack of "Grégoire Moulin contre l'humanite"...
It was such a hard job, but today all my dreams came true!	It was such a hard job, but today all my dreams came true!
Now I can listen to every single song in this soundtrack as much as I want!	Now I can listen to every single song in this soundtrack as much as I want!
The method I used it's actually kind of lame, but who cares?	The method I used it's actually kind of lame, but who cares?
It works!	It works!
So now, I'm going to share this with you.	So now, I'm going to share this with you.
Maybe someday you could needit.	Maybe someday you could needit.
The only thing I had to do is to connect a cable that has in both sides the same head, and connect one into the microphone and the other one	The only thing I had to do is to connect a cable that has in both sides the same head, and connect one into the microphone and the other one
into the headphones plug-in.	into the headphones plug-in.
So that, whatever I record it's going to be clean, that means, without any annoying noise!	So that, whatever I record it's going to be clean, that means, without any annoying noise!
Well, that's all for today, I hope to write something else later!	Well, that's all for today, I hope to write something else later!
What a shame!	What a shame!
First of all!	First of all!
I'm finally free!	I'm finally free!
That's right!	That's right!
Last monday, I officially ended all my school stuff!	Last monday, I officially ended all my school stuff!
I haven't gotten my grades though...	I haven't gotten my grades though...
Anyway!	Anyway!
I'm so happy, I don't even care about it!	I'm so happy, I don't even care about it!
On the other side, I'm not absolutely free.	On the other side, I'm not absolutely free.
I still have my french classes.	I still have my Ｆrench classes.
Nevertheless, I don't feel sad about it, I finally feel I'm improving, little by little, step by step, but I certainly do.	Nevertheless, I don't feel sad about it, I finally feel I'm improving, little by little, step by step, but I certainly do.
I'm always complaining about my english, but at this moment, I wished my french were as good as my english.	I'm always complaining about my Ｅnglish, but at this moment, I wishedmy french were as good as my Ｅnglish.
It's not too much, but at least it's something significant.	It's not too much, but at least it's something significant.
I know I need to practice as much as I can, but I'm so shy!	I know I need to practice as much as I can, but I'm so shy!
I don't feel comfortable writing over here things without sense.	I don't feel comfortable writing over here things without sense.
However, 30 minutes agoI wrote my really first entry in french.	However, 30 minutes ago、I wrote my really first entry in Ｆrench.
I hope anyone corrects me in the same way you guys do it right here.	I hope anyone corrects me in the same way you guys do it right here.
Well!	Well!
I'm tired and I need to sleep.	I'm tired and I need to sleep.
These have been hard days!	These have been hard days!
See you later!	See you later!
Noel Pointer, Benoit Pimont!	Noel Pointer, Benoit Pimont!
These days I've felt  frustrated because I can't have these two guys into my music library.	These days, I've been feeling frustrated because I can't add these two guys to my music library.
Pointer's music is something I would like to have for my father (he asked me to search it for him).	Pointer's music is something I would like to have for my father (he asked me to search for it for him).
On the other hand, Benoit Pimont is a french musician I've been looking for for years!	On the other hand, Benoit Pimont is a French musician I've been looking for for years!
Finally I found a french website where I can listen to all his discography, but I cannot download anything.	I finally found a French website where I can listen to his entire discography, but I cannot download anything.
I would love to buy Pimont's cds, but I think it's going to be impossible forme to have them.	I would love to buy Pimont's CDs, but I think it's going to be impossible for me to get my hands on them.
However there's a chance I could ask "mix up" store tobuy them for me.	However, there's a chance I could ask a "mix up" store to buy them for me.
It'd be expensive...	It'd be expensive...
Does anyone have music of these musicians?	Does anyone have music by these musicians?
Haha 	Haha 
issue	issue
By the way, I need help with the meaning of the following word.	By the way, I need help with the meaning of the following word.
I have two examples, but I don´t know if they are correct:	I have two examples, but I don´t know if they are correct:
ISSUE	ISSUE
That´s the issue.	That´s the issue.
We can talk about another issue!!	We can talk about another issue!!
Thanks!!	Thanks!!
Question	Question
I struggle to understand this:	I struggle to understand this:
I want to visit a friend in his house.	I want to visit a friend at his house.
When I get there, can I say:	When I get there, can I say:
I was wondering if you ARE here, or,	I was wondering if you ARE here, or,
I was wondering if you WERE here.	I was wondering if you WERE here.
or the time of the second sentence does not metter?	or maybe the tense of the second sentence does not metter?
Thanks!!	Thanks!!
HOLA AMIGOS	HOLA AMIGOS
Esto les ayudará a todos aquellos que les interese aprender y practicar su español.	Esto les ayudará a todos aquellos que les interese aprender y practicar su español.
Es sobre la conjugación del verbo SER en forma simple, subjuntivo y compuesta.	Es sobre la conjugación del verbo SER en forma simple, subjuntivo y compuesta.
Hi guys.	Hi guys.
This will help to everyone who is interested  in learning and practicing their spanish.	This will help to everyone who is interested  in learning and practicing their spanish.
It´s about the conjugation of the verb BE in simple form, subjunctive and compound form.	It´s about the conjugation of the verb BE in simple form, subjunctive and compound form.
Check the next entrie.	Check the next entrie.
EXAM :()	EXAM :()
Hi guys, how are you?	Hi guys, how are you?
I´m so nervious because I´m going to take an english exam today (TOIEC).	I´m so nervious because I´m going to take an english exam today (TOIEC).
It´s going to take 3 hours.	It´s going to take 3 hours.
My classmates told me that it is a little dificult, but you have to concentrate because you hear the listening part only once :(.	My classmates told me that it is a little difficult, and you have to concentrate because you are played the listening part only once :(.
I need to listen an english conversation at least 2 times.	I need to listen to an English conversation at least 2 times.
First, you have to read the questions of the exersice, then, you need to listen to the conversation, and finally, you have to answer the questions, but sometimes you don´t understand well what people say, especially when they speak so fast	First, you have to read the questions of the exersice, then, you need to listen to the conversation, and finally, you have to answer the questions, but sometimes you don´t fully understand what the people have said, especially when they speak so fast.
First, you have to read the questions of the exersice, then, you need to listen to the conversation, and finally, you have to answer the questions, but sometimes you don´t understand well what people say, especially when they speak so fast	First, you have to read the questions for the exercise, then, you need to listen to the conversation, and finally, you have to answer the questions, but sometimes you don´t understand well what people say, especially when they speak so fast
I wish I didn´t have to take this exam, but I must do that.	I wish I didn´t have to take this exam, but I must .
Wish me luck (or whatever you say that, I don´t know if it is correct).	Wish me luck (or whatever you say, I don´t know if this is correct).
See you!!	See you!!
George!!	George!!
QUESTION	QUESTION
Hi guys.	Hi guys.
In my english classes I studied the present unreal condicional, and my teachers told me that in the verb to be, we have to use WERE for all the persons, for example:	In my english classes I studied the present unreal conditional, and my teachers told me that in the verb to be, we have to use WERE for all the persons, for example:
If she WERE rich, she could travel more.	If she WERE rich, she could travel more.
If I WERE you, I would talk to her.	If I WERE you, I would talk to her.
but sometimes, when I see movies, I hear people using WAS instead of WERE.	but sometimes, when I see movies, I hear people using WAS instead of WERE.
Is it correct?	Is it correct?
Is that a kind of informal english?	Is that a kind of informal english?
THANKS!!	THANKS!!
This is a homework that I did yesterday	This is my homework that I did yesterday
When I was a child, I didn´t have a lot of friends.	When I was a child, I didn´t have a lot of friends.
I used to waste my time watching cartoons and playing video games, but sometimes, I felt so lonely.	I used to waste my time watching cartoons and playing video games. Sometimes I felt so lonely.
Now, that I already finished my digree, I have a lot of friends.	Now that I have finished my degree, I have a lot of friends.
I really enjoy spending time and going out with them in my free times.	I really enjoy spending time and going out with them in my free time.
I believe that everybody are able to make friends, but we must be ouserlves and not embellish our own personality.	I believe that everybody is able to make friends, but we must be ourselves and not embellish our own personality.
I think this is a good advice for you.	I think this is a good advice for anyone.
See you!!	See you!!
George!!	George!!
Something abour myself	Something about myself
My name is Jorge.	My name is Jorge.
I was born in Mexico.	I was born in Mexico. You can combine these two sentences "I'm 23 years old and I was born in Mexico."
I´m 23 years old.	I´m 23 years old.
I´m interested in writing in this web-page because I really want to improve my english.	I´m interested in writing in this website because I really want to improve my english.
I´m interested in writing in this web-page because I really want to improve my english.	I´m interested in writing on this website because I really want to improve my English.
I have been studying it for several months but I think that I need more practice, specially with my writing and pronutiation.	I have been studying it for several months but I think that I need more practice, especially with my writing and pronunciation.
I have been studying it for several months but I think that I need more practice, specially with my writing and pronutiation.	I have been studying it for several months but I think that I need more practice, especially with my writing and pronunciation.
I´d also like to help other people who want to learn spanish.	I´d also like to help other people who want to learn Spanish. muy bien!
I think that´s all for now.	I think that´s all for now.
I will be writing the next days so you can check any mistake.	I will be writing more in the next few days so you can correct any of my mistakes. Tambien "I'll write some more in a few days. If you find any mistakes, please feel free to correct them."
I´m really looking forward to this.	I´m really looking forward to this.
I had been looking for a web-page like this for a long time, and I finally found it.	I had been looking for a website like this for a long time, and I finally found it.
I had been looking for a web-page like this for a long time, and I finally found it.	I had been looking for a website like this for a long time and I am glad that I have finally found one.
Thanks a lot.	Thanks a lot.
George!!	George!!
Looking for spanish learnings and friends!!	Looking for spanish learnings and friends!!
Hi guys, how are you?	Hi guys, how are you?
I just want to say that if you are learning spanish, I´d like to help you.	I just want to say that if you are learning spanish, I´d like to help you.
I´m from Mexico and I have studied english for several months.	I´m from Mexico and I have studied english for several months.
I need some help with my english too.	I need some help with my english too.
Have a good day!!	Have a good day!!
Anything at All	Anything at All
I love this song by Andrew Rose Gregory but I don't know very well what it's about since the lyrics are not transcripted on the internet.	I love this song by Andrew Rose Gregory, but I don't really know what it's about since the lyrics have not been transcribed on the internet.
There are things I don't understand when I listen the song and some other things I don't really know if I am undertanding them right or if it's just my brain.	There are things I don't understand when I listen the song. There are some other things I don't really know if I am understanding correctly.
So, I've tried to write down the parts that I do understand and, if you could help me a little bit with some verses or even just a sentence or a word I would appreciate it very much <3	So, I've tried to write down the parts that I do understand, and if you could help me a little bit with some verses or even just a sentence or a word I would appreciate it very much <3
I figure that you're OK	I figure that you're OK
living your life the way	living your life the way
that you thought that it should be 	that you thought that it should be 
easier and free	easier and free
you thought that it should be.	you thought that it should be.
From the bus to the train	From the bus to the train
sleeping out in the rain	sleeping out in the rain
you don't need anything at all, anything at all,	you don't need anything at all, anything at all,
anything at all.	anything at all.
You left the city and said	You left the city and said
that you liked how we held each other	that you liked how we held each other
highly in regard	highly in regard
gently in our arms	gently in our arms
highly in regard	highly in regard
When I came out to you	When I came out to you
¿-?	highly in regard
¿-?	highly in regard
¿-?	¿-?
¿-?	wrapped around around you tighter
Did we want anything at all, anything at all, anything at all?	Did we want anything at all, anything at all, anything at all?
Anything at all, you said:	Anything at all, you said:
“Please, don't write those love songs just for me.	“Please, don't write those love songs just for me.
Life's gonna fly right before our eyes	Life is gonna fly right before our eyes
So now is the time for living free.”	So now is the time for living free.”
Now I've tried to forget	Now I've tried to forget
all the straps on your dress	all the straps on your dress
how they wrapped around you tightly	how they wrapped around you tightly
wrapped around you tightly	wrapped around you tightly
wrapped around you tighter	wrapped around you tighter
than my arms ever could	than my arms ever could
when we danced on the hardwood	when we danced on the hardwood
you whispered in my ear,	you whispered in my ear,
whispered all your fears	whispered all your fears
and I told you: “dear, anything at all, that you need	and I told you: “dear, anything at all, that you need
all you would have to say is: please.	all you would have to say is: please.
Life is gonna fly right before our eyes	Life is gonna fly right before our eyes
so, now is the time that we can be.”	so, now is the time that we can be.”
An unexpected moment I still laugh,	An unexpected moment I still laugh,
when I recall that crooked smile you turned when we danced.	when I recall that crooked smile you turned when we danced.
So, you keep your heart	So, you keep your heart
I would just need a part of it.	I would just need a part of it.
anything at all, anything at all, anything at all.	anything at all, anything at all, anything at all.
You could call late at night	You could call late at night
if you needed something right away	if you needed something right away
anything at all, anything at all.	anything at all, anything at all.
anything at all,	anything at all,
I just need to hear you whisper: please.	I just need to hear you whisper: 'please'.
Life's gonna fly right before our eyes	Life is gonna fly right before our eyes
So, right now can we be?	So, right now can we be?
Can we be anything all?	Can we be anything all?
'Cuz I just need to hear you whisper: please,	'Cuz I just need to hear you whisper: please,
life's gonna fly right before our eyes	life's gonna fly right before our eyes
so, right now can we be?	so, right now can we be?
Thank you very much!	Thank you very much!
Summer cleaning	Summer cleaning
The first thing I did when I arrived at my mother's in July was starting to throw all my things away.	The first thing I did when I arrived at my mother's in July was to start throwing away all my things .
I found the room I grew up in full of stuff belonging to all the different stages and mes of my life, it was all an unbearable mess of childhood, adolescence and early adulthood.	I found the room I grew up in full of stuff from all the different stages and mes of my life. It was all an unbearable mess of childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood.
I found the room I grew up in full of stuff belonging to all the different stages and mes of my life, it was all an unbearable mess of childhood, adolescence and early adulthood.	I found the room I grew up in full of stuff, from all the different stages of my life, that reminded me of the unbearable mess my childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood had been.
I felt those things didn't belong to me anymore so, I started an intense process of cleaning that took me several weeks.	I felt those things didn't belong to me anymore, so I started an intensive process of cleaning that took me several weeks.
The idea was to save only the essential...	The idea was to save only the essentials...
I don't have a problem with getting rid of things, It's easy for me, I'm not one of those nostalgic persons that like keeping everything in boxes, I like throwing things way.	I don't have a problem with getting rid of things. It's easy for me; I'm not one of those nostalgic people that like keeping everything in boxes. I like throwing things way.
I don't have a problem with getting rid of things, It's easy for me, I'm not one of those nostalgic persons that like keeping everything in boxes, I like throwing things way.	I don't have a problem with getting rid of things. It's easy for me; I'm not one of those nostalgic people that likes keeping everything in boxes. I like throwing things way.
It turned out I filled a whole plastic garbage bag with all the plushes I had which is curious since I have always hated plushes.	It turned out I filled a whole plastic garbage bag with all the plushes I had, which is curious since I have always hated plushes.
I guess people kept giving them to me because I own a vagina and I'm supposed to like the cheesiest things.	I guess people kept giving them to me because I have a vagina and so I'm supposed to like the cheesiest things.
My mother is now washing them and I think she plans on giving them out among the children in the neighborhood or something.	My mother is now washing them and I think she plans on giving them out among the children in the neighborhood or something.
Poor well-intentioned woman from a far far generation, I think they would prefer my old cell phones.	Poor, well-intentioned woman from a far far generation. I think they would prefer my old cell phones.
Poor well-intentioned woman from a far far generation, I think they would prefer my old cell phones.	Poor, well-intentioned woman from a far, far generation... I think they would prefer my old cell phones.
Most important innovation of the century	The most important innovation of the century
One of the most important innovations of the century can be the computer, the benefit to the sociesity.	One of the most important innovations of the century is the computer, the benefit to society.
First, many people can be informed thanks to the web.	First, many people can be informed thanks to the web.
Second, we can comunicate with the other persons through messenger, skype, facebook, twitter, etc.	Second, we can communicate with other people through messenger, Skype, Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Thrid, the facility of the things, now we can do all with the computer like buy, sell, publish, etc.	Third, the facility of things, now we can do everything with the computer, like buy, sell, publish, etc.
Finally we can say that one of the most important innovations of the century is the computer.	In sum, we can say that one of the most important innovations of the century is the computer.
Desert Tundra	Desert Tundra
Desert Tundra is located on the arctic edges of North America, Asia and Europe.	Desert tundra is located on the arctic edges of North America, Asia and Europe.
Because of their temperature is freezing, plants can not have a good enviroment to grow well.	Because of freezing temperatures, plants do not have a good environment to grow well.
In addition, when occurs the time at which the temperature increases, the ice is melt and generate a lot of water than make almost impossible the grow up of the plants.	In addition, when the time comes that the temperature increases, the ice melts and generates a lot of water that make almost impossible the growth of the plants.
Please, Can somebody correct it?	Please, Can somebody correct it?
The problems for choose the type of goverment in America started later of the Revolutionary War; when instead of a colony; America was a new young country.	The problems for choose the type of goverment in America started later of the Revolutionary War; when instead of a colony; America was a new young country.
There were opinions trying to decide if a Strong federal goverment would be better or a weak central goverment.	There were opinions trying to decide if a Strong federal goverment would be better or a weak central goverment.
However, there was a lot of war veterans who preferred a strong central goverment; in that way can became a powerful political force and have back pay from goverment for their efforts on war.	However, there was a lot of war veterans who preferred a strong central goverment; in that way can became a powerful political force and have back pay from goverment for their efforts on war.
Also, some soldiers wanted a strong federal goverment because they believed than they could save their money to theirselves.	Also, some soldiers wanted a strong federal goverment because they believed than they could save their money to theirselves.
December 31 in Venezuela	December 31 in Venezuela
December 31 is well known as the "new year", in Venezuela is tradition to celebrate it with the whole family and have a big meal.	December 31 is well-known as the "new year": in Venezuela it is tradition to celebrate it with the whole family and have a big meal.
Usually, Venezuelan people cook a big chicken with rice and vegetables inside and, a big salad to share.	Usually, Venezuelan people cook a big chicken with rice and vegetables inside, and share a big salad .
Also, is common to them to buy new clothes to wear (Some people buy yellow clothes because it means "Good Luck").	Also, it is common for them to buy new clothes to wear (some people buy yellow clothes because it means "good luck").
And, they make a big doll with old clothes and fireworks inside.	Also, they make a big doll with old clothes and fireworks inside.
First, they meet on the house and start talking, dancing, drinking and, playing (especially kids with small fireworks) then later, before 12am they take the doll and lit it on fire, it is their way to say "bye" to the "old year".	First, they meet at the house and start talking, dancing, drinking and, playing (especially kids, with small fireworks) then later, before 12 a.m. they take the doll and light it on fire; it is their way of saying "bye" to the "old year".
When it is 20 minutes before 12am all they get together and eat 12 grapes (For each grape ask a wish) and at the last minutes they play a song and count them until they new year come.	When it is 20 minutes before 12 a.m. all they get together and eat 12 grapes (For each grape they ask a wish) and at the last minute they play a song and count the grapes until the new year comes.
Finally, everybody go outside and watch the beautiful fireworks all morning.	Finally, everybody goes outside and watches the beautiful fireworks all morning.
just  words	just  words
I´m waiting for my friend.	I´m waiting for my friend.
She´s coming in few minutes.	She´s coming in few minutes.
We haven´t got any plans.	We haven´t got any plans.
Maybe we chat or just watch a movie.	Maybe we will just chat or watch a movie.
I think that she wants to eat a burguer but it´s sure that we eat it..!!!	I think that she wants to eat a burger, but I'm sure that we will eat something.
Hello	Hello
Hi , may name is Dario	Hi, my name is Dario.
I can to music ?	I can listen to music ?
I can talking in english?	I can talk in English?
I can talking in english?	I can speak English?
Hello	Hello
Hi , may name is Dario	Hi , may name is Dario.......Hi, my name is Dario.
I can to music ?	I can to music ? I can to play music.
I can talking in english?	I can talking in english? Can I speak English in the future?
My family 	My family 
Hi 	Hi 
My name is Santos  Im from Mexico.	My name is Santos and  I'm from Mexico.
My family are two girls and my wife.	I have a wife and two daughters.
Their names are Dalay,Lupita and my wife is Perla.	Their names are Dalay,Lupita and my wife's name is Perla.
Next soon one more baby is cooming, because my wife is pregnant.	I'm expecting another baby soon because my wife is pregnant.
I think she is coming for august.	I think the baby is due in August.
Bye	Goodbye!
My daugther	My daugther
Hi	Hi
I want a talk about my daugther.	I want to talk about my daugther.
she has black eyes and short straight hair.	she has black eyes and short straight hair.
She was born a ten months ago.	She was born ten months ago.
i will talk more about her	I will talk more about her later.
Goodbye	Goodbye
here you are	here you are
Here you are.	Here you are.
During these weeks i really didnt know nothing about you.	During these weeks i really didnt know anything about you.
I think that maybe is better to be a time separate.	I think that maybe it is better to be separate for some time.
In these weeks i was thinking a lot of you , i was thinking also what happened with us, ours mistakes, why we arrived to this situation.	During these past few weeks i was thinking aboutyou a lot. I was also thinking about what happened with us, our mistakes and why we arrived at this situation.
I hope that the lasts weeks aso were usefull for you too.	I hope that these past weeks were also useful for you .
Day to day i was wondering if you were thinking of me as i was thinking of you.	Day to day i was wondering if you were thinking of me as i was thinking of you.
So i think that we have a lot of things to tell each other, so i would like you to go with me to drink something now near here ...	So i think that we have a lot of things to tell each other; I would like you to go with me soon to drink something nearby...
Love story	Love story
Today is a special day, I dont know why,  but i'm sure of that.	Today is a special day. I dont know why, but i'm sure of that.
Now i'm in my car driving from my house to my office.	Now i'm in my car driving from my house to my office.
I am  32 years old and  I like my current job, i work for a company , a big company, and i feel confortable and i  have a decente salary.	I am 32 years old, and I like my current job.I work for a company , a big company.I feel confortable, andI have a decente salary.
But the point is that i dont know why i have a strange feelings about this day.	But the point is that I dont know why I have strange feelings about this day.
Maybe, the reason is that today i am thinking of  Lisa all the day.	Maybe the reason is that todayI am thinking of Lisa all the day.
I remember the first day i saw her, it was in a shoping center, when i arrived to a store she had bought a lot of things there, then we started to talk.	I remember the first dayI saw her.It was in a shoping center.WhenI arrivedat thestore, she had bought a lot of things there.Then we started to talk.
Now i think she is the most beatiful girl that i know, since that day i am always thinking about she.	NowI think she is the most beatiful girl thatI know.Since that dayI am always thinking about her.
I saw  Lisa 4 more times, but the last was really amazing, first we went to have dinner at an incredible restaurant we had been there for about 3 hours, but for me was 5 minutes.	I saw Lisa 4 more times, but the last was really amazing.First we went to have dinner at an incredible restaurant.We had been there for about 3 hours, but for me was 5 minutes.
That day i waited for 30 minutes in the restaurant when she had appeard with her red skirt ....	That day I had been waiting for 30 minutes in the restaurant when she appeard with her red skirt ....
to be continued	to be continued
LONG WAIT	LONG WAITLong Wait
LONG WAIT	Long Wait
I AM  HERE WAITING A LONG TIME A BUS BUT ITS DOESNT APPEAR IHAVE TO GO TO WORK AND IS TOO LATE BEFORE I ARRIVED HEREIVE BEEN WAITING UNDER THE RAIN FOR HOURS MY FRIEND	I AM  HERE WAITING A LONG TIME A BUS BUT ITS DOESNT APPEAR IHAVE TO GO TO WORK AND IS TOO LATE BEFORE I ARRIVED HEREIVE BEEN WAITING UNDER THE RAIN FOR HOURS MY FRIEND I have been stood here waiting a long time for a bus, but it hasn't appeared, and I have to go to work. I've been waiting in the rain for hours!
I AM  HERE WAITING A LONG TIME A BUS BUT ITS DOESNT APPEAR IHAVE TO GO TO WORK AND IS TOO LATE BEFORE I ARRIVED HEREIVE BEEN WAITING UNDER THE RAIN FOR HOURS MY FRIEND	I have been waiting a long time for a bus, but it hasn't appeared. I have to go to work., and it is too late. Before I arrived here I had been waiting in the rain for hours.
FACEBOOK	FACEBOOK
I think that women use social networking tools for different reasons than men use.	I think that women use social networking tools for different reasons than men .
Women like to use Facebook  for example to shares items from personal lives.	Women like to use Facebook, for example, to share items from their personal lives.
They like to speak about their friends, family, dates, they also like to share information about sales and things related with shopping.	They like to talk about their friends, family, dates, they also like to share information about sales and things related to shopping.
They like to speak about their friends, family, dates, they also like to share information about sales and things related with shopping.	They like to talk about their friends, family, dates, and they also like to share information about sales and things related to shopping.
They also like to show pictures of their family and friends On the other hand men use Facebook for other reasons, for example to searching information or things related with business.	They also like to show pictures of their family and friends. On the other hand men use Facebook for other reasons, for example to search for information or things related to business.
They also like to show pictures of their family and friends On the other hand men use Facebook for other reasons, for example to searching information or things related with business.	They also like to show pictures of their family and friends On the other hand, men use Facebook for other reasons such as searching for information or things related to business.
I think that Facebook is very useful.	I think that Facebook is very useful.
In Facebook you can share information with your contacts, and you can develop an active social life.	On Facebook you can share information with your contacts and you can develop an active social life.
A love story	A love story
Today is a special day, I dont know why, but i'm sure of that.	Today is a special day, I dont know why, but i'm sure of that.
Now i'm in my car driving from my house to my office.	Now I'm in my car driving from my house to my office.
I am 32 years old and I like my current job, i work for a company , a big company, and i feel confortable and i have a decente salary.	I am 32 years old and I like my current job, I work for a company, a big company, and I feel confortable and I have a decent salary.
But the point is that i dont know why i have a strange feelings about this day.	But the point is that I dont know why I have a strange feeling about this day.
Maybe, the reason is that today i am thinking of Lisa all the day.	Maybe, the reason is that today I am thinking of Lisa all day.
I remember the first day i saw her, it was in a shoping center, when i arrived to a store she had bought a lot of things there, then we started to talk.	I remember the first day I saw her. It was in a shopping center, when I arrived at a store she had bought a lot of things there, then we started to talk.
Now i think she is the most beatiful girl that i know, since that day i am always thinking about she.	Now i think she is the most beautiful girl that i know. Since that day i am always thinking about her.
I saw Lisa 4 more times, but the last was really amazing, first we went to have dinner at an incredible restaurant we had been there for about 3 hours, but for me was 5 minutes.	I saw Lisa 4 more times, but the last was really amazing. First we went to have dinner at an incredible restaurant. We were there for about 3 hours, but for me it was like 5 minutes.
That day i waited for 30 minutes in the restaurant when she had appeard with her red skirt ....	That day i waited for 30 minutes in the restaurant when she had appeared in her red skirt ....
to be continued	to be continued
new york new york	New York, New Nork
i have been in new york last year i think that is the most beatifull city in the world because when you are walking across the city you can see differents things feel differents sensations and really all time you have exciting moments.	I have been in new york this last year, and I think that it is the most beatifull city in the world because when you are walking across the city you can see differents things, feel differents sensations, and really have exciting moments all of the time.
is very impressive i knew another citis in the world and let me say that NY is really great and a fantastic city u have all culture, restaurants, museum buildings central park etc when ive been walking that city really i felt amazing	New York is very impressive. I know other cities in the world, and let me say that NY is really a great and fantastic city. It has culture, restaurants, museum buildings, and central park. When I walked in the city I really felt amazing.
LEARN A LANGUAGE	LEARN A LANGUAGE
You don’t need to live in a country to learn a language.	You don’t need to live in another country to learn a language.
You can perfectly learn a language in your own country if you want.	You can learn a language to fluency in your own country if you want to. 
We have a lot of tools to learn a language without the requirement to live in another country.	We have a great deal of tools to help us learn languages that don't require that we live in another country.
For example in my country you can start to learn English since you were a child in English schools, then you can continue studying at different institutes, by yourself, on internet, using audios, videos, books, audio books, etc.	In my country, for example, you can start to learn English at a young age in English schools, and then you can continue studying at different institutes, by yourself, online, using audio materials, videos, books, audio books, etc.
I think that you might be able to understand and know some grammar points even better than some natives.	Studying like this, I think that you might be able to understand some grammar points even better than many natives.
However it would be very difficult to you to acquire a native accent.	However, it would be very difficult for you to acquire a native accent via this method.
Actually I think that you will be able to write and to understand a foreign language perfectly, moreover you also will be able to speak clearly and fluently a language of another country.	I think that you will be able to write and understand a foreign language perfectly; moreover, you will also be able to speak the foreign language clearly and fluidly. In English, we use "fluently" usually to mean perfectly- no errors, 100% accuracy. However, it seems that most Spanish speakers use the term to mean speaking in a smooth and fluid manner. I assume that's what you meant here.
Otherwise if you want to learn the slang of a language you can study books about slang.	If you want to learn the slang of a language, you can study books about slang.
FACEBOOK II	FACEBOOK II
We don't live alone we live in a society and Facebook is a great social networking.	We don't live alone, we live in a society and Facebook is a great social networking.
If you have many friends and also if you have a big family you can use Facebook regularly.	If you have many friends or if you have a big family you can use Facebook regularly.
In my opinion social networks have a lot of advantages.	In my opinion social networks have a lot of advantages.
You can use those tools for work and to socialize.	You can use those tools for work and to socialize.
On internet you can obtain a lot of information, and you can also take all the advantages that provides the social networking.	On the internet you can obtain a lot of information, and you can also take all the advantages that social networking provides.
In my case I use the msn and the Hotmail regulalry.	In my case I use msn and Hotmail regulalry.
I can talk during the day with a lot of people, and I can talk at the same time	I can talk during the day with a lot of people, and I can talk at the same time.
When you need information and when you need someone to tell you something you can use these tools.	When you need information and when you need someone to tell you something you can use these tools.
In my case a great advantage is to see that information write because you can analyize all that it is writing and then answer it.	In my case, a great advantage is being able to see that information written down because you can analyze all that writing and then answer it.
The most important thing in my opinion is that you can do several things in real time.	The most important thing in my opinion is that you can do several things in real time.
If you use all these tools properly and carefully you shouldn't have problem.	If you use all these tools properly and carefully you shouldn't have a problem.
But if not, your privacy may be affected.	But if not, your privacy may be affected.
crazy world	crazy world
I know a friend of mine that told me that for him this is a crazy world.	I have a friend whotold me that for him this is a crazy world.
He thinks that almost all is wrong, the people walk across the street nervous, Most of then be angry all time for little reasons, the people who has money want to earn much money, and the people who don't have complain all time.	He thinks that everything is wrong. People walk across the street nervous. Most of them are angry all the time for no reasonPeople who ha have money want to earn too much money, and people who don't, complain all the time.
But is important no to be dissapointed maybe this world can be worst than it's now.	But is important not to be dissapointed. Maybe this world could be worst than it's now.
A film	A film
Last night i saw a film.	Last night I saw a film.
That film was about one person who has a lot of friends.	It was about a person who had a lot of friends.
He was always thinking he could change some things of our world.	He was always thinking he could change some things in the world.
He was always thinking he could change some things of our world.	He was always thinking he could change certain things in our world.
He has a nice family.	He had a nice family.
His two kids love him very much.	His two kids loved him very much.
So nobody could undestand for what reason he try to change some things .	So nobody could undestand why he wanted to change some things .
So nobody could undestand for what reason he try to change some things .	So nobody could understand why he was trying to change things .
His friends tried  to convince him, he has a happy life why he wasn't satisfied  with his life?.	His friends tried  to convince him that he has a happy life and they wanted to know why he wasn't satisfied with his life.
His friends tried  to convince him, he has a happy life why he wasn't satisfied  with his life?.	His friends tried to convince him, he had a happy life, and to find out why he wasn't satisfied with his life?.
It's actually a very good film and I enjoyed, but I have to see the continuation.	It's actually a very good film and I enjoyed, but I have to see the continuation.
It's actually a very good film and I enjoyed, but I have to see the continuation.	It was actually a very good film and I enjoyed it, and really must see the sequal.
Because i don't know what things he likes to change.	It's actually a very good film. I enjoyed it. But now I have to see the sequel because I don't know what things in the world he wants to change.
Because i don't know what things he likes to change.	Because i don't know what things he wants to change.
english studying	Studying English
now im studying english im using several metods for example listening in internet and grammar also, in internet.	Now that I'm studying English, I'm using several methods, for example listening on the internet.
i am seeing dvds in english with and without subtitles and i think that is a good way to learn i need to improve my grammar so i am in this site to look if i can improve step by step, for that i need somebody help me so i help who help me with spanish my native language thanks all	I am seeing dvds in english with and without subtitles, and I think that is a good way to learn. I need to improve my grammar, so I am on this site to see if I can improve my English step by step. In order to do that I need somebody to help me. I will help those who help me by helping them with their Spanish, which is my native language. Thanks all.
A different world	A different world
Someone told me that under the asphalt exists  a different world.	Someone told me that under the asphalt exists  a different world.
That world doesn't seems to any world that one could imagine.	That world doesn't seemlike any world that anyone could imagine.
It is a world with differents country, each country has a different colour.	It is a world with different countries, each country has a different colour.
For example in the Blue country he told me that years ago the President gave for all the children all the toys that they wanted.	For example in the Blue country he told me that years ago the President gave all the children all the toys that they wanted.
All children were happy in that world.	All children were happy in that world.
One day a child who was ten years old opened a block and go up to the real world.	One day a child who was ten years old opened a block and went up to the real world.
For a long time he was looking the people who walk from one place to other place quickly.	For a long time he was looking as people walked from one place to another quickly.
Of course is our world.	Of course it was our world.
Who of us don't walked from one place to another without know what for?	Who of us doesn't walk from one place to another without knowing why?
Love story II	Love story II
Now I'm arriving to my office.	Now I'm arriving at my office.
This day i have strange feelings, Iam happy and and at the same time I am worried.	This day i have strange feelings, Iam happy and and at the same time I am worried.
Maybe it is because I am thinking of Lisa.	Maybe it is because I am thinking of Lisa.
Actually I am a dreamer, the real thing is that today i have to work a lot and my boss isn't in his mood.	Actually I am a dream, the real thing is that today i have to work a lot and my boss isn't in a good mood
If i had a lot of money I would travel with Lisa arround the world but the truth is that is i dreamed all day, i would be fire.	If i had a lot of money I would travel with Lisa arround the world but the truth is that is i dreamed all day, i would be fire.
So is better for me to be concentrate and stop thinking about abstract things.	So is better for me to be concentrate and stop thinking about abstract things.
As soon as I arrived to my office I had noticed that my best client were waiting for me.	As soon as I arrived to my office I had noticed that my best client were waiting for me.
Sorry, i didn't tell you that i am a busy person.	Sorry, i didn't tell you that i am a busy person.
Actually my boss don't think the same,he thinks that i have to work much and more time.	Actually my boss don't think the same,he thinks that i have to work much and more time.
Does he know that if he continues to put pressure on me maybe i quit?...	Does he know that if he continues to put pressure on me maybe i quit?...
to be continued...	to be continued...
always the true	Always the Truth
The newspapers dont ever say the true.	Newspapers don't ever print the truth.
Last month while I was reading a newspaper i saw an article that said some things about a person.	Last month while I was reading a newspaper I saw an article that said some things about a person.
But that person is a friend of mine and he told me that article didn't say all the true.	But that person is a friend of mine and he told me that the article wasn't true.
And my friend always tells the true.	And my friend always tells the truth.
The fact is that another newspaper the next day had written an article about my friend but in this case, all that was published was true.	The fact is another newspaper the next day printed an article about my friend but in this case, all that was published was true.
That means that the first newpaper didn't tell us all the true.	This means that the first newspaper didn't tell us the truth.
So we need always all the true, this is true, isn't it?	So we need to always tell the truth. This is true, isn't it?
A travel	A travel
When I arrived in London I took a taxi from the airport to the hotel.	When I arrived in London I took a taxi from the airport to the hotel.
First we went to a restaurant and there we had a good time.	First we went to a restaurant and there we had a good time.
The food was wonderfull and the people very friendly.	The food was wonderful and the people were very friendly.
When we arrived to the restaurant we had hada free table for us.	When we arrived at the restaurant we asked if they had a free table for us.
Then we went to see a play in  a theatre.	Then we went to see a play in  a theatre.
It was  amazing and  there we could drink something.	It was  amazing and  there we could drink something.
When the play started we had met a friend of us there.	Before the play started we had met a friend of oursthere.
After the play we went with our friend to a discoteque, we a had a good time, if we had more time we would stay there more time.	After the play we went with our friend to a club, we had a good time, if we had more time we would have stayed there longer.
Finally we returned to the hotel.	Finally we returned to the hotel.
We enjoyed  that city is exciting, the other days we had time to visit several places.	We enjoyed London; it is an exciting city. During the rest of the trip we had time to visit several other places.
Traveling around the world is fascinating, isn't it?	Traveling around the world is fascinating, isn't it?
English and a happy weekend	English and a happy weekend
Today is Wensday April 28 2010.	Today is Wednesday, April 28, 2010.
I am going to write some paragraphs in English.	I am going to write some paragraphs in English.
May be you would correct my mistakes.	Maybe you can correct my mistakes.
I wish not to do a lot of mistakes.	I hope to not make a lot of mistakes.
I am using a program which name is Microsoft Word and is a good program to writing in English.	I am using a program called Microsoft Word and it is a good program for writing in English.
That program correct a lot of mistakes (but I don't know all the mistakes).	That program corrects a lot of mistakes (but I don't know all the mistakes).
Last Sunday my children came to visit me.	Last Sunday my children came to visit me.
That day was happy to everybody.	That day was happy for everybody.
We play all together,  football (a little of football).	We all played football together (a little bit of football).
It had been a lot of delicious meals too.	We ate a lot of delicious meals, too.
The weather was wonderfull and it was sunny.	The weather was wonderful and it was sunny.
I like so much when the weather is good.	I really like it when the weather is nice.
Next weekend my children are going to visit me another time.	Next weekend my children are going to visit me again.
They were born on May 4.	They were born on May 4.
We are going to play another time and we are going to eat the food too.	We are going to play again and we are going to eat food, too.
After that we can see a moovie for young people.	After that we can watch a movie for young people.
LIES	LIES
I think that in our society it is common to lie several times.	I think that in our society it is common to lie several times.
Especially in business and in  social meetings.	Especially in business and in social meetings. This is one sentence of thought: I think that in our society it is common to lie severl times, especially in business and in social meetings.
The people always try to be polite and in my opinion they like every time to pretend  a lot of things.	People always try to be polite and in my opinion they like to pretend a lot of things are true.
The people always try to be polite and in my opinion they like every time to pretend  a lot of things.	The people always try to be polite, and in my opinion they like to pretend a lot of things.
I mean that people in general try to get along with the others, and they like to be well seen.	I mean that people in general try to get along with the others, and they like to be well thought of.
Therefore it is common to see that people lie in a lot of situations.	Therefore, it is common to see that people lie in a lot of situations.
For example  your dress is beautiful,  the color of your shoes combine with your sweater, your hair cut is magnificent, these are lies when you try to look good for your own conveniences.	For example 'your dress is beautiful', 'the color combination of your shoes and sweater are dazzling' or 'your hair cut is magnificent'; these are examples of lies used when you try to look good for your own conveniences.
For example  your dress is beautiful,  the color of your shoes combine with your sweater, your hair cut is magnificent, these are lies when you try to look good for your own conveniences.	For example your dress is beautiful, the color of your shoes compliment nicely with your sweater, your hair cut is magnificent. These are lies for your own convenience of looking good.
For example.	Another example could be:
For example.	For example:
If you buy this car you will fill more important.	If you buy this car you will feel more important.
ohter days	Other Days
here in my citi there are a lot of buildings and there are too a lot of museums and parks, but our problem is that in other years you could walk across the streets free without problem, now in this times it is imposible because security problems.	Here in my city there are a lot of buildings, and there are also a lot of museums and parks. Our problem is that in other years you could walk across the streets free, without problems. Now, at this time, it is imposible because of security problems.
I mean that now is usually  hear all time  that any friend of you or any member of your family had a problem.	I mean that now I usually hear all of the time that my friend or any member of my family had a problem.
Maybe the drugs or the insufficient money make people more violent and more dangerous.	Maybe the drugs or the insufficient money make people more violent and more dangerous.
Something is no good here we have to do something ...	Something is not good here. We have to do something.
Good impression	Good impression
I have the impresision that I always give a good impression.	I have the impresision that I always give a good impression.
And maybe that is because it happened to me a lot of times.	And maybe that is because it happened to me a lot of times.
I mean that i used in my life that when I met  a person, that person said that he or she  had a good impression of me.	I mean that I used in my life that when I met a person, that person said that he or she had a good impression of me.
Looking for a Good Job	Looking for a Good Job
I would like to improve my English skills for get a better job so i need to practice all the topics but my problems is my fluency, if anyone have a good advice please tell me :)	I would like to improve my English skills for get a better job so i need to practice all the topics but my problems is my fluency, if anyone have a good advice please tell me :)
Sunday	Sunday
I'm saying the same things in each post.	I keep saying the same things in each post.
That isn't good for learning.	That isn't good for learning.
I was traying to translate a Spanish post but...	I was trying to translate a Spanish post but...
that isn't good either.	that isn't good either.
I also tried to write about my day but it was kind of boring, the only funny thing were that i fell down while I was skating and now the mark of the strips on the street are on my ass.	I also tried to write about my day but it was kind of boring, the only funny thing was that I fell down while I was skating and now the street marks are on my ass.
Literally, the street has not a regular pavement I don't know how I should say it...	Literally, the street does not have regular pavement I don't know how I should say it...
but there are strips or lines and they also left a mark or a hematoma with its shape [i don't want to say again where those marks are] ...	but there are strips or lines and they also left bruise with its shape [i don't want to say again where those marks are] ...
but there are strips or lines and they also left a mark or a hematoma with its shape [i don't want to say again where those marks are] ...	but there are strips or lines and they also left a bruise with their shape [i don't want to say again where those marks are] ...
is a mess.	It's a mess.
So i was in pain in the middle of the street ...	So I was in pain in the middle of the street ...
it actually sounds more funny when I try to explain it ^^	it actually sounds funnier when I try to explain it ^^
why were I in the middle of the street?	why was I in the middle of the street?
Every Sunday the normal circulation of a few downtown streets are closed, so the people could run, ride a bike, or use skateboard and  rollerblades.	Every Sunday, the normal circulation of a few downtown streets are closed, so people could run, ride a bike, or use a skateboard or rollerblades.
Every Sunday the normal circulation of a few downtown streets are closed, so the people could run, ride a bike, or use skateboard and  rollerblades.	Every Sunday, the normal circulation of a few downtown streets is closed, so people can run, ride their bikes, use skateboards or rollerblade. To rollerblade is also used as a verb.
It's a nice thing, many people doing sports in the most beautiful streets of the city, I love it!.	It's nice to see so many people being active in the most beautiful streets of the city- I love it!.
The point is that I'm looking forward to talk about other things and practice a few words.	The point is that I'm looking forward to talking about other things and practicing a few words.
Maybe I'll write a history like Floury does.	Maybe I'll write about history like Floury does.
Maybe I'll write a history like Floury does.	Maybe I'll write a story like Floury does.
I haven't decided on that yet.	I haven't decided on that yet.
Notes	Note
It isn't the way you look, but the way you write that made me fell in love.	It isn't the way you look, but the way you write that made me fall in love.
Not with you, just...	Not with you, just...
in love.	in love.
Vessel	Vessel
I'll spend the next weeks on board of the "Justo Sierra" vessel making some geophysical research and learning.	I'll spend the next few weeks on board the "Justo Sierra" vessel carrying out some geophysical research and learning.
I'm sure it's going to be a terrific experience.	I'm sure it's going to be a terrific experience.
Bad thing, I haven't learned the vessel's parts in English yet.	The bad thing is, I haven't learned the vessel's parts in English yet.
Bad thing, I haven't learned the vessel's parts in English yet.	The bad thing is, I haven't learned the names of the vessel's parts in English yet.
I need to study!	I need to study!
Asian Dramas	Asian Dramas
i have to tell you guys hehe!	i have to tell you guys hehe!
i love asian dramas ...	i love asian dramas ...
Mostly Jdrama and Kdrama.	Mostly J-dramas and K-dramas.
i have always loved the japanese culture i remember when i started watching animes ...	i have always loved japanese culture; i remember when i started watching anime ...
the first i saw was sailor moon.	the first one i saw was sailor moon.
but now i love koreans too hhehe their dramas are the best but theres one think i don't understand, why in kdramas and jdramas in all the show they have just one kiss wth!?	but now i love koreans too hhehe their dramas are the best but theres one thing i don't understand, why in kdramas and jdramas in all the shows do they have just one only have one kiss wth!?
hahaha i always ask me that.	hahaha i always ask myself that.
I want to learn more English	I want to learn more English
Hello everyone.	Hello everyone.
I'm still studying English, and I'd like to improve my knowledge with some tecnics or activities, that's why I would like some of you could share with me any experince that have helped to improve your English.	I'm still studying English, and I'd like to improve my knowledge with some techniques or activities, that's why I would like if some of you could share with me any experiences that have helped to improve your English.
My principal problem is that I still think in Spanish and after I traslate it into English.	My principal problem is that I still think in Spanish and after I traslate it into English.
What can I do to Improve this Problem?	What can I do to Improve this Problem?
Thanks for your coments	Thanks for your coments
Regards	Regards
hi	Hi,
i am  spanish  teacher  nice  to meet you!	Iam a Spanish teacher, nice to meet you!
Today i have audit	Today i have audit
Hi friends i'd like to talk my tense day, today is my audit and very people of diferents positions will come to talk with me, they ask me about my job and the quality of this also they ask me how i protect the enviroment in my work and as i protect myself of the dangers in the area.	Hi friends i'd like to talk my tense day, today is my audit and very people of diferents positions will come to talk with me, they ask me about my job and the quality of this also they ask me how i protect the enviroment in my work and as i protect myself of the dangers in the area.
wishme good luck, i need much hehe.	wishme good luck, i need much hehe.
my new cellphone	My new cellphone
Well i like to change my cellphone for other one, actually the smartphones is the  new and i would like to buy one with O.	I'd like to change my cellphone for another one. Actually smartphones are new and I would like to buy one with O.
S.	S.
Android by google this phones are the best on technology and has wifi, gps, 3g conexion and more, really im interesting on that, also i like the best cameras with hight resolution and good flash light, really i take a lot of photos everywhere.	Android by google. These phones are the best in technology and have wifi, gps, 3g connection and more. I'm really interested in that. Also I like cameras with high resolution and a good flash light. I really take a lot of photos everywhere I go.
well is all for the moment if someone have one of this phones please tellme your experiencies.	Well that's all for the moment but if someone has one of these phones then please tell me your experience with it.
have a good day!	Have a good day!
Meso-America 	Meso-America 
Beginning this semester, I was so bored because having to learn about mesoamerican and specially Maya architecture at History class,	Beginning this semester, I was so bored because having to learn about mesoamerican and specially Maya architecture at History class,
I don't really like any sort of history and the only architecture I was interested in is the Asian one.	I don't really like any sort of history and the only architecture I was interested in is the Asian one.
but these weeks have passed and I've have been becoming fascinated by pre columbian culture, 	but these weeks have passed and I've have been becoming fascinated by pre columbian culture, 
is really  nice the way they built their cities and those large pyramids of rock without big animals like horses; the advanced astronomy, techniques of construction and social order is incredible for a society from that age...	is really  nice the way they built their cities and those large pyramids of rock without big animals like horses; the advanced astronomy, techniques of construction and social order is incredible for a society from that age...
I'm starting to believe in that they received help and knowledge from other world, 	I'm starting to believe in that they received help and knowledge from other world, 
yes I mean that, aliens, and more after watching some episodes of a tv show called "ancestral aliens" at History Channel 	yes I mean that, aliens, and more after watching some episodes of a tv show called "ancestral aliens" at History Channel 
hehehe its really nice how that channel washes the brain of people,	hehehe its really nice how that channel washes the brain of people,
but seriously...	but seriously...
wow I need to see and touch those temples by myself.	wow I need to see and touch those temples by myself.
TOEFL Test	TOEFL Test
Last friday I take the TOEFL test.	Last friday I take the TOEFL test.
I think I did it very well but it was a little difficult, this because during the oral part I was a bit nervous.	I think I did it very well but it was a little difficult, this because during the oral part I was a bit nervous.
It take me 3 hours and 30 minutes to finish it.	It take me 3 hours and 30 minutes to finish it.
The day before the TOEFL Test I also presented an english examination for an application for a new work, they said i passed the first filter i hope they call me this week for another interview and another technical english exam.	The day before the TOEFL Test I also presented an english examination for an application for a new work, they said i passed the first filter i hope they call me this week for another interview and another technical english exam.
Have you ever presented the TOEFL test, how was it?	Have you ever presented the TOEFL test, how was it?
Yesterday's Soccer Match	Yesterday's Soccer Match
Yesterday, Mexico played at the Sub-17 World Cup versus Germany for the final pass.	Yesterday, Mexico played at the Sub-17 World Cup versus Germany for the final pass.
The match was very tough, both teams played with all their heart.	The match was very tough, both teams played with all their heart.
At first Mexico scored goal by the 3 minute but seven minutes later Germany reach the draw.	At first Mexico scored goal by the 3 minute but seven minutes later Germany reach the draw.
The first time finished with this scoreboard 1-1.	The first time finished with this scoreboard 1-1.
At the begging of the second part Germany scored the second one and it began to be more tough in his defense.	At the begging of the second part Germany scored the second one and it began to be more tough in his defense.
But the Mexican boys don't get affraid of that and continued fighting for the draw.	But the Mexican boys don't get affraid of that and continued fighting for the draw.
In a corner the reward was obtained.	In a corner the reward was obtained.
An "Olympic Goal" was scored but one mexican got hurt during the process.	An "Olympic Goal" was scored but one mexican got hurt during the process.
The guy needed medical attention to continue playing, there was no more changes avaible.	The guy needed medical attention to continue playing, there was no more changes avaible.
He was attended and then continue playing.	He was attended and then continue playing.
At the last minutes of the match this same guy scored a fantastic goal made by "chilena".	At the last minutes of the match this same guy scored a fantastic goal made by "chilena".
It was a very exciting game, hope Mexico win the Cup.	It was a very exciting game, hope Mexico win the Cup.
Do you like Soccer?	Do you like Soccer?
Today	Today
Today I went to Coacalco, here in the Estado de Mexico to visit the family.	Today I went to Coacalco, here in the Estado de Mexico to visit the family.
My niece was graduated from the Kinder Garden (Prescholar School).	My niece graduated from kindergarten (Prescholar School).
It was very nice because she did a performance with her classmates.	It was very nice because she did a performance with her classmates.
Also she was awarded by her excellent discipline and puntuallity.	Also she was awarded for her excellent discipline and punctuality.
After that all the family went to a Chinese Food restaurant.	After that all of us went to a Chinese Food restaurant.
I really like chinese food because we can eat a lot and pay no much money.	I really like Chinese food because I can eat a lot without and not pay that much money.
The restaurant was very clean, the food was delicious and also they played chinese music in the background, a very nice pleace.	The restaurant was very clean, the food was delicious and also they played Chinese music in the background, a very nice place.
Rain	Rain
In my country there is a phrase that is something like this: "I like to see rain and don't get wet".	In my country, there is a phrase that goes, "I like to see rain and don't get wet".
This phrase is very interesting because it envolves many things, well that's what i think.	This phrase is very interesting because it involves many things, I think.
Rain bring life to the plants and the entire planet by the way the sound of the falling rain is also very relaxing, i like to hear it and sometimes i sit in front of my window to see the rain falling.	Rain brings life to plants and the entire planet. By the way, the sound of the falling rain is also very relaxing; I like to hear it and sometimes sit in front of my window to watch the rain fall.
If it's raining when i go to sleep, i sleep more nice because the sound is like a lullaby.	If it's raining when I go to sleep, I sleep better, because the sound is like a lullaby.
So, Do you like rain?	So, Do you like rain?
My experience at Campus Party 3	My experience at Campus Party 3
This is a little resume about my experience at Campus Party, if you like to read more about it (in spanish) you'll like to visit my blog -> http://tochoude.blogspot.com	This is a little resume about my experience at Campus Party, if you like to read more about it (in spanish) you'll like to visit my blog -> http://tochoude.blogspot.com
The Campus Party Mexico 3, CPMX3 for easy writting, was a technology event which take part in Mexico City at Santa fé from 18/07 to 24/07.	The Campus Party Mexico 3, CPMX3 for easy writting, was a technology event which take part in Mexico City at Santa fé from 18/07 to 24/07.
In this event you can stay at the place camping at the designed area or sleeping in front of your PC, all the day at any hour events take part, also there were a lot of Conferences and Workshops.	In this event you can stay at the place camping at the designed area or sleeping in front of your PC, all the day at any hour events take part, also there were a lot of Conferences and Workshops.
Also a lot of importan people come here to talk about many things, there were Al Gore, Akira Yamaoka, Neil Herbisson and many other people of many subjects like: internet, networks, games, videogames, music, robotics, astronomy, hardware, digital culture, etc.	Also a lot of importan people come here to talk about many things, there were Al Gore, Akira Yamaoka, Neil Herbisson and many other people of many subjects like: internet, networks, games, videogames, music, robotics, astronomy, hardware, digital culture, etc.
I really like it a lot, meet new friends and learn a lot of my favorite subjects.	I really like it a lot, meet new friends and learn a lot of my favorite subjects.
This days	These days
I've been busy this days thinking about many things.	I've been busy these days thinking about many things.
First of all, I continue in my job search.	First of all, I am continuing my job search.
A had a few interviews this weeks but nothing is fully confirmed.	I had a few interviews this week but none of them is fully confirmed.
Maybe I'll have the oportunity for going to another place here in Mexico.	Maybe I'll have an oportunity of going to another place here in Mexico.
Today I sent more Curriculums.	Today I sent more curriculums.
I think that I'll stop searching for full-time jobs and become a freelance or part-time engineer.	I think that I will stop searching for full-time jobs and become a freelance or a part-time engineer.
This only for getting money to continue studying on the fields I like.	This is only for getting money to continue studying on the fields I like.
I don't remember if I tell you about my TOEFL results, i get 92pts at TOEFL iBT that is about 580 pts in normal TOEFL.	I don't remember if I told you about my TOEFL results; I got 92pts on TOEFL iBT that is equivalent to 580 pts on normal TOEFL.
I was fair in writting and speaking so I really need to improve this, maybe see you more often here!	It was fair in writting and speaking, so I really need to improve this, maybe see you more often here!
City of chaos	City of chaos
(I was being a little bit dramatic with the title, I'm sorry.)	(I was being a little bit dramatic with the title, I'm sorry.)
Merida city was a chaos last weekend, I don't like to talk about politics because I don't know much about it, but it was all because of that.	Merida city was in chaos last weekend. I don't like to talk about politics because I don't know much about it, but it was all because of that.
Bus drivers (public transportation drivers) made a one-day strike because gas prices increase every month, but, as I wrote before, I'm not going to talk about that in detail.	Bus drivers (public transportation drivers) made a one-day strike because gas prices increase every month, but, as I wrote before, I'm not going to talk about that in detail.
Anyway, there were not buses in the city, that caused a lot of troubles for citizens, for instance, people who has to go to school on Saturdays, didn't go, and exams had to be posponed.	Anyway, there were n buses in the city, that caused a lot of trouble for citizens. For instance, people who have to go to school on Saturdays, didn't go, and exams had to be posponed.
We had an event on Sunday for the Korean 'March 1st movement' so we were going to help on the preparations on Saturday, but half of the people couldn't go.	We had an event on Sunday for the Korean 'March 1st movement' so we were going to help on the preparations on Saturday, but half of the people couldn't go.
I think this is why we shouldn't have buses as 'the main public transportation', but we can't do anything about it.	I think this is why we shouldn't have buses as 'the main public transportation', but we can't do anything about it.
Have you ever heard about 'tricitaxis' or 'mototaxis'?	Have you ever heard about 'tricitaxis' or 'mototaxis'?
I think they are good transportation, they're cheap and don't increase air pollution as a taxi or a bus, but to be honest, I've never tried them, I think I should do it, though.	I think they are good transportation. They're cheap and don't increase air pollution as a taxi or a bus. But to be honest, I've never tried them. I think I should do it, though.
It's cold in here (?)	It's cold in here (?)
I've always said that we, meridians, are cowards towards cool weather, for example, now, Merida has 23°C, it's a regular temperature for other people but for me and other Meridians, it's getting cold, we tend to exagerate things.	I've always said that we, Meridians, are wimps about cold weather. For example, now, Merida is 23°C, which is a normal temperature for other people, but for me and other Meridians, it's getting cold. We tend to exaggerate things.
I'm thinking about put on my socks and use my blanket.	I'm thinking about putting on my socks and getting under my blanket.
My nose is cool, my feet too...	My nose is cold, my feet too...
Bye guys, thanks for your help	Bye guys, thanks for your help
Desperate situation	Desperate situation
Asia celebrate Lunar New Year's day, 	Asia celebrates Lunar New Year's day, 
Latin American is celebrating Carnival's week,	Latin America is celebrating Carnival's week,
Everyone is celebrating something, everyone but me,	Everyone is celebrating something, everyone but me,
i don't feel like dancing and, less, getting a suntan this year.	i don't feel like dancing and, less, getting a suntan this year.
i have a lot going on on my head, a lot of homework,	i have a lot going on on my head, a lot of homework,
plus i have to work tomorrow, well, today, ferbruary 15th, 	plus i have to work tomorrow, well, today, ferbruary 15th, 
and i don`t wanna go, i'm so concerned about the school homework,	and i don`t wanna go, I'm so concerned about my homework,
i don't know what i'm gonna do.	I don't know what I'm gonna do.
My first journal this month	My first journal this month
My first March's journal	My first March's journal
Today my teacher gave an ultimatum, i have to give her my homework tonight or i'm probably going to fail the first unit this semester, of course i have to do it, but yet I'm here, writing, but I've already decided what i'm going to do: 	Today my teacher gave an ultimatum, i have to give her my homework tonight or i'm probably going to fail the first unit this semester, of course i have to do it, but yet I'm here, writing, but I've already decided what i'm going to do: 
I'm going to take a shower, a quick shower, and then I'm going to finish my homework.	I'm going to take a shower, a quick shower, and then I'm going to finish my homework.
Hello people, please help me!	Hello people, please help me!
Not so great weather	Not so great weather
It's almost 3 pm and i already feel like it's the end of the day, i think it's because the weather, it's sunny and sultry.	It's almost 3 pm and i already feel like it's the end of the day, i think it's because the weather, it's sunny and sultry.
I don't want to do anything at all, I just want to come back home and sleep, and just keep sleeping, but I have a little problem my room is orientated at the east, so all the afternoon sun and before the sunset, it warms my "room", I hate it, Cause i don't like the heat, I can't even take a nap on an hamaca because I will sweat like a pig.	I don't want to do anything at all, I just want to come back home and sleep, and just keep sleeping, but I have a little problem, my room is facing the east, so all the afternoon sun before sunset, my "room" warms up, I hate it, Cause i don't like the heat. I can't even take a nap on an hamaca because I will sweat like a pig.
I think this weather is not good at all  for  water because we tend to use it more, we even take more showers.	I think this weather is not good at all  for  water because we tend to use it more, we even take more showers.
With homework and doing something else	With homework and doing something else
I've been very lazy the last two weeks, i've been lazier than ever, i have not done my homework yet, i have to give my homework to the teacher in about 8 hours	I've been very lazy the last two weeks, i've been lazier than ever, i have not done my homework yet, i have to give my homework to the teacher in about 8 hours.
So, i've already planned something, right now i'm gonna take a nap, because i need it, i really  need it, and then i promise i'm gonna do my homework, and i'm gonna do my best....	So, i've already planned something, right now i'm gonna take a nap, because i need it, i really  need it, and then i promise i'm gonna do my homework, and i'm gonna do my best....
kkk 	kkk 
It's raining, not men.	It's raining, not men.
Is almost 4:30 pm and I haven't done my housework yet, it's been a very hot day, I don't feel like doing anything, I was thinking about jumping into the pool, but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time.	It is almost 4:30 pm and I haven't done my housework yet. It's been a very hot day, and I don't feel like doing anything. I was thinking about jumping into the pool, but I have to wash and fill it first, and that is going to take some time.
What else can I do?	What else can I do?
Uhh, it's raining!	Uhh, it's raining!
I'm gonna dance in the rain, yes, that's what I'm going to do.	I'm gonna dance in the rain, yes, that's what I'm going to do.
If I get a cold, I'm going to give you tell you first.	If I get a cold, I'm going to tell you first.
Thanks for reading and correcting.	Thanks for reading and correcting.
See you, guys!	See you, guys!
Again?	Again?
I tend to be shy when I'm in front of a foreigners.	I tend to be shy when I'm around foreigners.
Two week ago I found some Americans at the dentist office but I didn't dare to talk to them.	Two weeks ago, I saw some Americans at the dentist's office, but I didn't dare talk to them.
I have had the chance to talk both English and Korean these days, but I didn't take these opportunities.	I have had the chance to talk both English and Korean recently, but I didn't take advantage of these opportunities.
My Korean is poor so I'm very shy to used in front of Koreans.	My Korean is poor, so I'm very shy about using it with Koreans.
xP 	xP 
This last Sunday a Korean couple went to the school, the only two things I said were 안녕하세요 and 안녕히계세요, but nothing else and just when I left the school I started to regret it.	This last Sunday a Korean couple came to the school, and the only two things I said were 안녕하세요 and 안녕히계세요, but nothing else and just when I left the school I started to regret it.
I should start to write in Korean.	I should start to write in Korean.
I haven't write anything using just Korean.	I haven't written anything using just Korean.
See you!!!	See you!!!
Studying hard!	Studying hard!
I have a goal, well, it's not exactly a goal, it's just a something i want to do, i'm gonna try my best to improve my english and practice a lot here, i'm planning to write something at least 4 times at the week.	I have a goal. Well, it's not exactly a goal, it's just somethingI want to do, I'm going to try my best to improve my English and practice a lot here. I'm planning to write something at least four times a week.
I have a goal, well, it's not exactly a goal, it's just a something i want to do, i'm gonna try my best to improve my english and practice a lot here, i'm planning to write something at least 4 times at the week.	I have a goal, well, it's not exactly a goal, it's just a something I want to do. I'm gonna try my best to improve my English and practice a lot here. I'm planning to write a journal at least 4 times a week.
Today i have posted two things, i'm counting this too.	TodayI have posted two things; I'm counting these two.
Today i have posted two things, i'm counting this too.	Today I have posted two journals, I'm counting this one too.
What i find it hard to use are phrasal verbs, because i keep forgetting them, but i promise i will study hard and use them almost every post that i'm going to write.	WhatI find it hard to use are phrasal verbs, becauseI keep forgetting them, butI promiseI will study hard and use them inalmost every post that I'm going to write.
What i find it hard to use are phrasal verbs, because i keep forgetting them, but i promise i will study hard and use them almost every post that i'm going to write.	What I find hard to use are phrasal verbs, because I keep forgetting them, but I promise I will study hard and use them in almost every post that I'm going to write.
Celebratin?! Morpheus?	Celebratin?! Morpheus?
It's 12:32am and I can't sleep, what should i do?	It's 12:32am and I can't sleep, what should i do?
I was thinking about reopen my blogspot account, but I can't decided what I should write about to make it interesting.	I was thinking about reopening my blogspot account, but I can't decide what I should write about to make it interesting.
That's why I'm not gonna do that now.	That's why I'm not going to do that now.
[Wow, a fire truck is passing right now, I hope nothing serious has happened.	[Wow, a fire truck is passing right now, I hope nothing serious has happened.
Uhh.	Uhh.
I got a question, why do mexicans and not mexicans living in USA celebrate "Cinco de mayo" if we, mexicans who live in Mexico, don't celebrate it at all, Some companies  don't work that day, even schools give the students one day to vacation.	I've got a question, why do Mexicans and non-Mexicans living in USA celebrate "Cinco de mayo" if we, Mexicans who live in Mexico, don't celebrate it at all. Some companies  don't have work that day, even schools give the students one day of vacation.
Oh, this journal it's a little bit short, but I can't think anything right now, I do wanted to say a expresion about what I'm feeling, but I don't know how to say it in english, so I'm gonna do a translation of "Estoy cayendo en los brazos de Morfeo" in english would be: "I´m falling down to Morpheus arms" 	Oh, this journal entry is a little bit short, but I can't think anything right now. I do wantto use an expression about what I'm feeling, but I don't know how to say it in English, so I'm going to translate "Estoy cayendo en los brazos de Morfeo" in english would be: "I'm falling into the arms of Morpheus."
In spanish means that I'm sleepy.	In Spanish, this means that I'm sleepy.
Amazing women	Amazing women
I'm getting ready for my Korean classes...	I'm getting ready for my Korean classes...
I got up late, at 8 o'clock, I didn't even set the alarm, I was thinking to do it before going to bed but when I was there I just fell asleep, I totally forgot it, did it ever occur to you?	I got up late, at 8 o'clock, I didn't even set the alarm, I was thinking to do it before going to bed but when I was there I just fell asleep, I totally forgot it, did it ever happen to you?
My sister woke me up and told me she isn't going to the school because she isn't feeling good, I think she was just making excuses because she didn't study, like i did.	My sister woke me up and told me she wasn't going to school because she wasn't feeling good, I think she was just making excuses because she didn't study, like i did.
kkkk	kkkk
Right now I'm doing a lot of things right now, i'm writing this journal, i'm taking breakfast, i'm watching tv and i'm chatting with my cousin, kkkk.	Right now I'm doing a lot of things right now, i'm writing this journal, i'm taking breakfast, i'm watching tv and i'm chatting with my cousin, kkkk.
This reminds me something I read somewhere about women can do a lot of things and think a lot of things at the same time and men just can't, like when we are driving, we are listening to music, taking a phonecall using a handsfree, of course , sometimes putting our lipsticks on, and being aware of what is going on outside the car.	This reminds me something I read somewhere about how women can do a lot of things and think a lot of things at the same time and men just can't, like when we are driving, we are listening to music, taking a phonecall using a handsfree, of course , sometimes putting our lipsticks on, and being aware of what is going on outside the car.
That's just how amazing we, the women are.	That's just how amazing we, the women are.
An exciting week	An exciting week
It was about time to write a Journal,	It was about time to write a Journal,
This week is going to be exciting, a lot of things are going to happen.	This week is going to be exciting, a lot of things are going to happen.
Because today I'm going to go to the David Guetta's concert , it will be great.	Today I'm going to go to the David Guetta's concert , it will be great.
Wow	Wow
Before that, there's a football match Mexico vs Korea, mmm, it's not the Korea that I'm interested, but Korea DPR, anyways they talk Korean too, kkkkk.	Before that, there's a football match between Mexico and Korea, mmm, it's not Korea that I'm interested in, but Korea DPR, anyway they talk Korean too, kkkkk.
Thursday will be a baseball match, Lions vs Tigers, there are sexy kittens everywhere KKKK, those are two of the best baseball teams in Mexico, and that will be the first game of the season.	On thursday there will be a baseball match, Lions vs Tigers, and there will be sexy kittens everywhere KKKK. Those are two of the best baseball teams in Mexico, and that will be the first game of the season.
I don't know what happen to me today, I can't remember what other events are going to happen.	I don't know what else will happen to me today, I can't remember what other events are going to happen.
Anyways, Just have great day, and enjoy your Week.	Anyways, Just have great day, and enjoy your Week.
Today is the day...	Today is the day...
After a long wait, today, 16th february, i'm going to receive my scholarship, well, just  half of it, but i'm gonna have some extra money, and that's all that matters.	After a long wait, today, on the16th of February, I'm going to receive my scholarship, well, just  half of it, but I'm gonna have some extra money, and that's all that matters.
i'm thinking on what can i do with that money...	I'm thinking about what I can do with all that money...
i have three options:	I have three options:
1.	1.
invest some money on "emprendedores" (emprendedores is a subject in my university, where you have to make a concept to build a company, you have to make the product and sell it)...	invest some of the money in "emprendedores" (emprendedores is a subject in my university, where you have to make a concept to build a company, you have to make the product and sell it)...
My sister is participating this semester, i was thinking, this can generate some profits..	My sister is participating in that this semester, so I was thinking that this could generate me some profits..
so my money can multiply.	so my money can multiply.
xP	xP
2.	2.
buy a new laptop, the one that i have is not enough for me anymore..	buy a new laptop, the one that I have is not good enough for me anymore..
i got it since 2005.	I have had it since 2005.
and 	and 
3.	3.
keep it in the bank until i find something to buy...	keep it in a bank until I find something to buy...
like a smartphone xP	like a smartphone xP
What should i do?	What should I do?
What do you think?	What do you think?
Spring break	Spring break
Today has been a productive day, early in the morning while i was riding the exercise bicycle I watched an episode of "you're beautiful" and I cried because of Shi Woo, I love him, how Mi Nam can't see he loves her, kkkk, I know it's silly to cry but I did.	Today has been a productive day, early in the morning while i was riding the exercise bicycle I watched an episode of "You're Beautiful" and I cried because of Shi Woo, I love him, how Mi Nam can't see he loves her I know it's silly to cry but I did.
°-°	°-°
I realised that it was late, so I took a shower the quickest I could and I took my breakfast at the car.	I realized that it was late, so I took a shower the quickest way I could and I ate my breakfast in the car.
I had to go to the school because I need the signature of a teacher to finish my social service, but when I was there the teacher's assistant told me that he wasn't there and he wouldn't be in Merida until next monday.	I had to go to the school because I need the signature of a teacher to finish my social service, but when I was there the teacher's assistant told me that the teacher wasn't there and he wouldn't be in Merida until next Monday.
I was in shock, I need his signature for tomorrow.	I was in shock, I needed his signature by tomorrow.
Right now I am (recovered from the shock) in my Internship doing some work that my dad gave, he need it, and at the same time i'm doing some homework for tomorrow morning, I won't go to the school, but I still have to do it, my team is going to give it to the teacher.	Right now I am (recovered from the shock) working at my Internship doing some work that my dad gave me, he need it, and at the same time I'm doing some homework for tomorrow morning. I won't go to school tomorrow, but I still have to do it, my team is going to give it to the teacher.
P.	P.
S.	S.
Mexico's Spring break will begin tomorrow.	Mexico's Spring break will begin tomorrow.
Thanks for reading!	Thanks for reading!
^^	^^
I can't go because...	I can't go because...
I'm a little disappointed.	I'm a little disappointed.
I was going to take english classes again after a very long time.	I was going to take english classes again after a very long time.
This monday was the first class but I couldn't go, my dad told me he's having money issues, so he couldn't affort the classes.	This monday was the first class but I couldn't go, my dad told me he's having money issues, so he couldn't affort the classes.
I wasn't the only one who was going to go, my little sister too.	I wasn't the only one who was going to go, my little sister too.
Although, I don't think she's disappointed at all, she doesn't like to study languages, she barely speaks spanish, no, just kidding.	Although, I don't think she's disappointed at all, she doesn't like to study languages, she barely speaks spanish, no, just kidding.
I hope I can review what I already know and learn more things with your help.	I hope I can review what I already know and learn more things with your help.
My heart beating	My heart beating
My heart is beating too fast right now, I was on my bed, using my laptop when I fell asleep.	My heart is beating too fast right now. I was on my bed, using my laptop when I fell asleep.
I think, I'm not sure, I only sleep for about 3 minutes, because of my neighbor	I think, though I'm not sure, I only slept for about 3 minutes, because of my neighbor.
She has a VW sedan and she has the habit to honk twice when she arrived so her son open the door for her.	She has a VW sedan and has the habit of honking twice when she arrives so her son will open the door for her.
My room is right infront of her house front door, so I woke up with a start.	My room is right infront of the door to her house so I woke up with a start.
Right now, I really don't like my neighbor..	Right now, I really don't like my neighbor..
Just paperwok!	Just paperwok!
Today I didn't go to the place i'm doing my internship, instead, i'm in the place i'm "doing" my social service.	Today I didn't go to the place i'm doing my internship, instead, i'm in the place i'm "doing" my social service.
I'm out practicly all day long.	I'm out practicly all day long.
Well, not at all, today is the last day of my social service and i didn't even attend the 480 hours that it supposed to last.	Well, not at all, today is the last day of my social service and i didn't even attend the 480 hours that it supposed to last.
Why do we have to do social service?	Why do we have to do social service?
ahh, i've remembered why, to return all the favors the country have done for me, i don't know if is mandatory in any other country, but here in Mexico, all the people who study in a public or federal university have to do it.	ahh, i've remembered why, to return all the favors the country have done for me, i don't know if is mandatory in any other country, but here in Mexico, all the people who study in a public or federal university have to do it.
And i found it extremely boring and it's just paperwork.	And i found it extremely boring and it's just paperwork.
Right now, i'm just listen ss501 music and checking my email account.	Right now, i'm just listen ss501 music and checking my email account.
dizzy because a vocho	dizzy because a vocho
i've decided not to go the the school today, but yet i'm gonna finish my homework and send it to the teacher by email.	I've decided not to go the the school today, but instead I'm gonna finish my homework and send it to the teacher by email.
No, no, i think is not a good idea, but i always can say, my car didn't work, and everybody understand..	No, no, I know is not a good idea, but I can always say that my car didn't work, and everybody should understand..
I have a vocho, by volkswagen, it's a 2002 model (o 2001), i love my car, but sometimes it make me dizzy, because it does move and shake a lot.	I have a Volkswagon Vacho. It's a 2002 model (or 2001). I love my car, but sometimes it make me dizzy because it does move and shake a lot.
Hurry up!!!	Hurry up!!!
I wanted to write an entry about last week's trip, but I have to go to the bank	I wanted to write an entry about last week's trip, but I have to go to the bank.
I was supposed to pay the cell phone bill on the 19th, but I forgot it.	I was supposed to pay the cell phone bill on the 19th, but I forgot it.
Now, I have to hurry up before the cell phone company charges me for my delay payment.	Now, I have to hurry up before the cell phone company charges me for my delay payment.
Anyway, I will write about the trip later...	Anyway, I will write about the trip later...
Thanks guys..	Thanks guys..
I studing english 	I am studing English 
hi!	hi!
i am amanda ^^ i from peru i have 14 years old  	I am amanda ^^ I am from Peru and I am 14 years old.
and...	and...
i studing english for so much time	I have been studying english for a long time
i know my english not is nice nathing perfec 	I know my english is not good, but nothing is perfect. 
but i can reading and some comprention 	but I can read and understand some 
but in the ultimates times 	but in the last couple of times.  Esta frase se traduce a "las ultimas ocasiones"  Pero si quieres decir, Ultimamente, puedes decir: Lately,... 
i not remenber the english	I cannot remember my English
but i wanna speaking and underteaend again!	but I want to speak and understand again!
ok.	ok.
its all for today	its all for today
bye 	bye 
hi	hi
hi friends i back	hi friends i backHi friends, I'm back!
im sorry but i not have internet	I'm sorry but I did not have internet access
because the red is very bad	because the network is very bad.
well for other side	Anyways....
the first photo is palacio de gobierno in chritsmas	the first photo is palacio de gobierno in chritsmasThe first photo is of the governor's palace at Christmas.
i go in chritmas with my moon one day behind of christmas 	i go in chritmas with my moon one day behind of christmas I went there with my mom the day after Christmas.
the 2 photo is plaza sam martin i like the ilumination 	the 2 photo is plaza sam martin i like the ilumination The second photo is of the Plaza de San Martin. I really like the lighting!
in the dark and night is pretty :D	in the dark and night is pretty :DIt's so pretty at night in the dark! :D
the past december 31th this my birthday 	the past december 31th this my birthday This past December 31st was my birthday.
i wanna felicitations for me x)	i wanna felicitations for me x) I hope many people will wish me a happy birthday! XD
Andinas Potatos ジャガイモ  "アンディナス "	Andinas Potatos ジャガイモ  "アンディナス "
hi!	hi!
I present you the andinas potatos 	I present to you the andinas potatos 
a few days ago i see report of this produc	a few days ago I saw a report of this product
the andinas potatos characterize is that the center has a purple color	the andinas potatos' characteristic is that the center has a purple color
can see that the potatoes are in the product?	Can you see potatoes in this product?
because that is the color of the peruvian potatos	because that is the color of the peruvian potatos
today i buy and i like so much!!	today I bought some and I liked them so much!!
delicious!!	delicious!!
im happy very very happy :D	I am very happy !
the days 27 and 28 of july 	July 27th and 28th are Peru's National Days.
is the peruvian celebration 	is the peruvian celebration 
I had fun 	I had fun in those days.
i celebrity with all my family 	I celebrated with all my family and some friends.
and some friends 	and some friends.
a long time the soldiers always walking with all 	Only a short time ago, soldiers always marched in front of The Cathedral of Lima.
the principal lima catedral 	the principal lima catedral 
this year a cancel 	This year, the event was cancelled because of the Swine influenza outbreak.
with the new influence ='(	with the new influence ='(
i like see the soldiers walking !!!	I like to see soldiers marching.
PD: in the picture say : this 27 of july you celebraty with inka kola the night peruvian food 	P.S. The label in the picture says : "Wherever you are, celebrate The Night of the Peruvian Food! July 27th."
bye ^^ 	bye ^^ 
presentation	presentation
good night: my name is jeimmy paola daza, i´m studing language moderns in ECCI university, my goal is to learn to the perfection the idiom english for  have the best relation with people in differents places the world, this is a proposit very important in my life...	good night: my name is jeimmy paola daza, i´m studing language moderns in ECCI university, my goal is to learn to the perfection the idiom english for  have the best relation with people in differents places the world, this is a proposit very important in my life...
this is a small part of my life plan and my aspirations that I hope to carry out.	this is a small part of my life plan and my aspirations that I hope to carry out.
day	day
hi, I feel sad, english is a bit difficult,I cost believe that words has some meaning	hi, I feel sad, english is a bit difficult,I cost believe that words has some meaning
My japanese level is still soo low, so i will translate it on english so you can understand better what im trying to say.	My japanese level is still soo low, so i will translate it on english so you can understand better what im trying to say.
I'm sorry for writting on romaji but my pc cant use any kana or kanji.	I'm sorry for writting on romaji but my pc cant use any kana or kanji.
Here is what i wanna meant:	Here is what i wanna meant:
Hello everyone	Hello everyone
im David, 27 years old from spain.	im David, 27 years old from spain.
I was born on spain but when i was a kid i have also lived on ireland and france, that's why i can talk english and a little french too.	I was born on spain but when i was a kid i have also lived on ireland and france, that's why i can talk english and a little french too.
Now, im studiying economics at granada's university, and also working part time	Now, im studiying economics at granada's university, and also working part time
Since i was a child, i have loved arts, music and also writing.	Since i was a child, i have loved arts, music and also writing.
Because of my father, i have been always interested on japanese culture too	Because of my father, i have been always interested on japanese culture too
About my japanese level, because of living on a lot of countries, i had to study another languanges, but since i have started studiying on the university, im studiying japanese alone, practicising with my father and my japanese friends and next year i will go to waseda university as exchange student.	About my japanese level, because of living on a lot of countries, i had to study another languanges, but since i have started studiying on the university, im studiying japanese alone, practicising with my father and my japanese friends and next year i will go to waseda university as exchange student.
I think you can check my japanese level on this letter.	I think you can check my japanese level on this letter.
well thats all, thanks for reading, and for your corrections, i hope you can help me, see ya!	well thats all, thanks for reading, and for your corrections, i hope you can help me, see ya!
test	test
Just testing this :D	Just testing this :D
Going to the park	Going to the park
It is 2:00 am in Argentina.	It is 2:00 am in Argentina.
I'm thinking about going to the park nearby with two friends.	I'm thinking about going over to the park nearby with a couple friends.
I'm not very willing to (because of the hour), but maybe I'll give it a try.	I'm not sure if it's a good idea (because of the hour), but maybe I'll give it a try. 
Stay up all night	Stay up all night
Well, it seems I will stay up all night.	Well, it looks like I won't be getting any sleep tonight.
I cannot sleep well...	I cannot sleep well...
tomorrow might be a very, very long day.	tomorrow might be a very, very long day.
I like this entry's system, but sometimes I don't know what to write haha	I like this website, but sometimes I don't know what to write haha
I'm back! (for the 2nd time)	I'm back! (for the second time)
I promise that this time I'll be here more often!	I promise that this time I'll be here more often!
Sorry >.<	Sorry >.<
I've been off this because I was studying a lot to get my degree.	I've been off this website because I was studying a lot to get my degree.
I need some months more and everything, hopefully, will be done.	I need some months more and hopefully everything will be done.
A short night	A short night
Tonight I went out with a friend and his girlfriend.	Tonight I went out with a friend and his girlfriend.
We went to a gig, but it was going to start too late, so we left.	We went to a show, but it was going to start too late, so we left.Gig is used when you are the one doing the performance.
Before leaving, we ate a pizza and drank a beer.	Before leaving, we ate a pizza and drank some beer. If you were sharing a beer then 'a' would be the correct word.
It was quite expensive.	It was quite expensive.
We ended up going here and there at the city centre.	We ended up going here and there at the city centre.
And that was all.	And that was all.
I think I need to go out more haha.	I think I need to go out more haha.
The end is near! :P	The end is near! :P
Yesterday, I took two exams: one on French, other on English.	Yesterday, I took two exams: one on French, other on English.
I passed the first, but I failed the second.	I passed the first, but I failed the second.
That's not good.	That's not good.
Even though, I'm happy I finished this year.	Even though, I'm happy I finished this year.
I'm almost finishing my career.	I'm almost finishing my career.
Today, I will have a Japanese language exam.	Today, I will have a Japanese language exam.
I know the basics, but I'm a little afarid of it >.<	I know the basics, but I'm a little afarid of it >.<
Well, that's all.	Well, that's all.
Have a good day people ^^	Have a good day people ^^
I'm back!	I'm back!
It took me some months, but I'm back here.	It took me some months, but I'm back .
I hope I'll stay here more time and revise this more often.	I hope I'll stick around longer this time and check this more often.
Hi everybody again ^^	Hi everybody, again ^^
Un pequeño viaje/A Trip	Un pequeño viaje/A Trip
After finishing my university year in the City of Mendoza (Argentina), I had to travel 3000 kms south, to the city of Río Gallegos (also in Argentina).	After finishing my university year in the City of Mendoza (Argentina), I had to travel 3000 kms south, to the city of Río Gallegos (also in Argentina).
The trip didn't take long, because I did it by plane and that was pretty confortable.	The trip didn't take long, because I did it by plane and that was pretty confortable.
The only thing that has to be mentioned is that I had to stay all night in Aeroparque Airport (airport for domestic flights, located in Buenos Aires)...	The only thing that has to be mentioned is that I had to stay all night in Aeroparque Airport (airport for domestic flights, located in Buenos Aires)...
however, the floor was confortable and I had the chance to it and drink there ^	however, the floor was comfortable and I had the chance to eat and drink there ^^
Some days ago, I was in a place that has 38ºC max temperature.	Some days ago, I was in a place that has 38ºC max temperature.
Now, I'm in a place with a maximum of 8ºC or below.	Now, I'm in a place with a maximum of 8ºC or below.
The good thing about it is that I like cold weather and Winter (also in Summer)	The good thing about it is that I like cold weather and winter (also in summer)
Concert	Concert
Today, at 8 p.m., I'm going to do a concert with some friends that play wind instruments.	Today, at 8 p.m., I'm going to give a concert with some friends who play wind instruments.
I play the piano and I do like accompany them.	I play the piano and I kind of accompany them.
We're gonna play in such an important theatre in my city and a lot of people may be listening to us.	We're gonna play in such an important theatre in my city and a lot of people may be listening to us.
That's the cause of why I'm so nervous today.	That's the reason why I'm so nervous today.
Ned Flanders	Ned Flanders
Yesterday I was searching in google how does Ned Flanders from The Simpsons speak in English and finally I found some quotes from different episodes.	Yesterday, I was searching in Google to see how Ned Flanders from The Simpsons speaks in English and finally I found some quotes from different episodes.
I could never imagine that Ned would speak that way but I found it so funny.	I could never imagine that Ned would speak that way but I found it so funny.
wy hispanic people came  to usa (imigrant)	wy hispanic people came  to usa (imigrant)
i would like to write a baut , the rezons wy people came  to usa, 	i would like to write a baut , the rezons wy people came  to usa, 
and all  of dificultys the have to pass in ther  jorney like : hangry ,razes,discrimination etc...	and all  of dificultys the have to pass in ther  jorney like : hangry ,razes,discrimination etc...
I am  from mexico  ,i have  7 years  living  in USA  all this  time the 	I am  from mexico  ,i have  7 years  living  in USA  all this  time the 
pass i learned lot of english but in the biginig was  dificult  four me 	pass i learned lot of english but in the biginig was  dificult  four me 
to fit in ths country .	to fit in ths country .
i been met lat of people from diferents part of the world ( salvador, honduras, guatemala,  belice ,japon etc) r	i been met lat of people from diferents part of the world ( salvador, honduras, guatemala,  belice ,japon etc) r
i work whih diferent cultures , is wy  i can  wride abaut  this subjet	i work whih diferent cultures , is wy  i can  wride abaut  this subjet
the main  rezon wy people  came  tou  USA  is all poverty ,lack of	the main  rezon wy people  came  tou  USA  is all poverty ,lack of
oportunitys in our countrys and  some people cane  to have  better	oportunitys in our countrys and  some people cane  to have  better
future  in here,	future  in here,
mexico is big but meny of my people live whid  less money  then other	mexico is big but meny of my people live whid  less money  then other
because  they not have job.	because  they not have job.
Pay is very little in  our conutrys	Pay is very little in  our conutrys
No title	No title
When I could saw you again it was really disturbing, but actually I like it.	When I saw you again it was really disturbing, but I actually liked it.
Saw that you didn't change much makes me feel like you are kind of pathetic, but a cute, sad and lonely pathetic.	Seeing that you hadn't changed much makes me feel like you are kind of pathetic, but a cute, sad and lonely kind of pathetic.
If you knew that I would like to help you so bad, maybe your silly acttitude to me will change, but I don't think that's gonna happen.	If you knew that I wanted to help you so badly, maybe your silly acttitude to me would change, but I don't think that's gonna happen.
I miss your smile, the way that you called me, all that we left in the pass.	I miss your smile, the way that you called me, all that we left in the past.
Someday I would like to see you better, see that you finally put the pieces togheter and you are happy.	Someday I would like to see you get better, see that you finally put the pieces together and you are happy.
I think that's not gonna happen any soon, but the time exist for a reason.	I think that's not gonna happen any time soon, but time exists for a reason.
I miss you like a friend who cooks with me, watch some movie and cry, smoke a cigarrette and talk, talk about life or silly things.	I miss you like as a friend who cooks with me, watches some movie and cries, smokes a cigarette and talks, talks about life or silly things.
The last time I saw you I couldn't hyde that I wanted to cry because the confidence it is has gone.	The last time I saw you I couldn't hide that I wanted to cry because my confidence has gone.
I wish you find the reason in yourself to keep moving, living and changing for better things, maybe for your soul	I hope you find the reason in yourself to keep moving, living and changing for better things, maybe for your soul
Ugh!	Ugh!
I've been trying to post, something here since the day that I signed in...	I've been trying to post, something here since the day that I signed in...
but the last two times I didn't clik on publish.	but the last two times I didn't clik on publish.
So, I won't rewrite it...	So, I won't rewrite it...
for second time.	for second time.
In few words: As soon as I got my job, I quit.	In few words: As soon as I got my job, I quit.
I only worked for 2 days, and on Monday, I'll receive my money :D!	I only worked for 2 days, and on Monday, I'll receive my money :D!
That's all for now, little lord's creatures.	That's all for now, little lord's creatures.
Cya till the next post.	Cya till the next post.
I need fin my dog.	I need fin my dog.
Ago very time black, i have a dog, a beautiful dog, but this dog scape to Brazil y now can not find it.	Ago very time black, i have a dog, a beautiful dog, but this dog scape to Brazil y now can not find it.
HALP.	HALP.
Help, I need somebody.. Help! D:	Help, I need somebody.. Help! D:
Hello everyone, my name is Felipe but my friends call me "pipe",	Hello everyone, my name is Felipe but my friends call me "Pipe".
although I'm Chilean/Indonesian, I only speak Spanish.	Although I'm Chilean/Indonesian, I only speak Spanish.
The reason why I singed up is that I need to drastically improve	The reason why I signed up is that I need to drastically improve
my English skills within the next two weeks (I wish I had paid more	my English skills within the next two weeks (I wish I had paid more
attention to it when I was in high school, but at that time I was a	attention to it when I was in high school, but at the time I was a
very lazy student and honestly, I never thought that I'd ever need	very lazy student and honestly, I never thought I'd need
it, what an irony!).	it again. How ironic! !).
Yes, I know it may sound like an impossible	Yes, I know it may sound like an impossible
task, but as they say: "Hope is the last thing you loose".	task, but as they say: "Hope is the last thing you lose".
So here	So here
I am, asking for some help	I am, asking for some help
I've been learning English by myself, mostly through Internet and	I've been learning English by myself, mostly through the internet, and
lately I've been reading a book called "Life with The Taylors" that	lately I've been reading a book called "Life with The Taylors" that
I found while I was scrutinizing my father's stuff.	I found while I was looking through my father's things.
The book is kind	The book is kind
of old, if I'm not mistaken, it was printed in 1960.	of old; if I'm not mistaken, it was printed in 1960.
The funny thing is that I can only read/write in English but I'm not	The funny thing is that I can only read/write in English but I'm not
able to speak it.	able to speak it.
I don't know how I'm going to take that English	I don't know how I'm going to take that English
oral test :(.	oral test :(.
By the way, if you need help improving your Spanish, or learning it,	By the way, if you need help improving your Spanish, or learning it,
you can always count on me.	you can always count on me.
You can find me on facebook, MSN, or just	You can find me on facebook, MSN, or just
write me an e-mail at this e-mail: address: pipe.	send me an e-mail at this address: pipe.
gaetan@hotmail.	gaetan@hotmail.
com	com
Anyway, any correction pointed out would be very appreciated.	Anyway, any correction pointed out would be very appreciated.
Thanks in advance.	Thanks in advance.
-pipe	-pipe
chao chau :3!	chao chau :3!
hmmm... :(	hmmm... :(
Dang!, It it's been a day already since I registered and wrote my	Dang! It's already been a day since I registered and wrote my
first entry but, it seems that no one wants to correct it.	first entry, but it seems like no one wants to correct it.
I'm starting to feel kind of disappointed of this website.	I'm starting to feel kind of disappointed with this website.
I was told Lang-8 is a great tool for learning a new language,	I was told Lang-8 was a great tool for learning a new language
because of the supa-fast feedback that you can get from thousand of	because of the supa-fast feedback that you can get from thousands of
native speakers and blah blah...	native speakers and blah blah...
Oh wait, maybe I'm just overreacting and in reality, there aren't	Oh wait, maybe I'm just overreacting and in reality, there aren't
any mistakes to be corrected (which would be wonderful) but, since	any mistakes to be corrected (which would be wonderful)! But, since
no one has pointed that out, I really doubt it.	no one has pointed that out, I really doubt it.
Hasta lueguito!, si es que no dejo esto botado antes.	Hasta lueguito!, si es que no dejo esto botado antes.
help me to learn English!!	Help me to learn English!!
hello,	Hello,
I would like to learn english; in order to, teach it later on!!!	I would like to learn english; in order to, teach it later on!!!
Thank you josh :@	Thank you, Josh :@
Hi	Hi
Hi, my name is Javier.	Hi, my name is Javier.
I'm from spain and i would like learn english to talk with people from around the world.	I'm from Spain and I would like to learn English to talk with other people around the world.
HI	HI
Well i new in this website and i want to introduce myself, my name is Judith, I live in Florida, but I am not an american citizen, i am foreinger,because of that i need and i must to speak, write and hear the best i can english lenguage.	Well i new in this website and i want to introduce myself, my name is Judith, I live in Florida, but I am not an american citizen, i am foreinger,because of that i need and i must to speak, write and hear the best i can english lenguage.
Well i new in this website and i want to introduce myself, my name is Judith, I live in Florida, but I am not an american citizen, i am foreinger,because of that i need and i must to speak, write and hear the best i can english lenguage.	I'm new on this website and I would like to introduce myself. I'm new on this website and I would like to introduce myself. My name is Judith. I live in Florida, but I am not an American citizen. I am foreigner, and because of that I need and I must speak, write and listen the best I can using English in order to improve.
First post in English	First post in English
Hello Everyone, I have posted here a couple of times before, but just in Japanese, I decided to post now in English because it's been more than 2 years since I made the TOEFL exam, I got 583 points in the ITP version, since then I haven't taken any english classes and have been focusing only in Japanese, I'm pretty bad at it or maybe it's because it's a really different-difficult language to learn?, but I will keep going with it =).	Hello Everyone, I have posted here a couple of times before, but just in Japanese, I decided to post now in English because it's been more than 2 years since I made the TOEFL exam, I got 583 points in the ITP version, since then I haven't taken any english classes and have been focusing only on Japanese, I'm pretty bad at it or maybe it's because it's a really different-difficult language to learn?, but I will keep going with it =).
The problem is that I haven't been practicing English for a long time and I think I'm loosing fluency, if I had it someday, I'm pretty insecure mainly in grammar points, I think I have always been bad with grammar =(, the English I write/speak is just because I get used to it, but when I face up exercises where I need to find an "error" it's really difficult to me, almost impossible.	The problem is that I haven't practiced English for a long time and I think I'm losing fluency, if I had to use it someday, I'm pretty insecure mainly on grammar points, I think I have always been bad with grammar =(, the English I write/speak is just because I have got used to it, but when I do exercises where I need to find an "error" it's really difficult for me, almost impossible.
I hope this Journal will keep me aware of my necessity for improving my English and to earn more vocabulary, and of course with your help, help me find those errors that I make and that I'm not aware of.	I hope this Journal will keep me aware of the necessity to keep improving my English and to learn more vocabulary, and of course with your help, help me find those errors that I make and that I'm not aware of.
Thank you very much!	Thank you very much!
My mother tongue is Spanish, so any problem you have with it, I will be there for sure, Adios!	My mother tongue is Spanish, so any problem you have with it, I will be there for sure, Adios!
My firrst writing	My first writing
My firrst writing	My first writing
Hi every one This is the first time that I write in this web site and I like to inprove my writing in english, I investigated in the web and I found with this web site, I hope that this web site help me with my english.	Hi everyone. This is the first time that I'm writing on this website, and I would like to improve my writing in English. I investigated the web and found this site. I hope that this website will help me with my English.
Hi every one This is the first time that I write in this web site and I like to inprove my writing in english, I investigated in the web and I found with this web site, I hope that this web site help me with my english.	Hi every one! This is the first time that I have written on this web site. I'd like to improve my writing in English. I investigated on the web and I found this web site. I hope that this web site will help me with my English.
I like to know How can I use this web site and what things can I write, I can write any thing that I want o I can select some topic to write about it, Well is all for today bye.	I would like to know how I can use this website and what things can I write. I can write anything that I want. This means I can select some topics to write about. Well, that is all for today. Bye!
I like to know How can I use this web site and what things can I write, I can write any thing that I want o I can select some topic to write about it, Well is all for today bye.	I'd like to know how can I use this web site and what things I can write. I've found that I can write any thing that I want or I can select some topic to write about. Well, that is all for today. Bye!
Hello	Hello
I need talk English pleases 	I need to talk English please
The Health care system in USA	The Health care system in USA
Hello, my question is: How does the Health care system works in USA?.	Hello, my question is: How does the Health care system works in USA?.
I work as a nurse in a hospital and I  am very interested in this issue.	I work as a nurse in a hospital and I  am very interested in this issue.
For example, in Spain the national insurance system is free for everybody, it is universal.	For example, in Spain the national insurance system is free for everybody, it is universal.
I have heard that in the United States you must have an inssurance company in order to receive care in hospitals.	I have heard that in the United States you must have an inssurance company in order to receive care in hospitals.
Is that true?.	Is that true?.
I was told that for example, when you are visiting an american city and you result injured in an accident, you have to pay the bill to the hospital.	I was told that for example, when you are visiting an american city and you result injured in an accident, you have to pay the bill to the hospital.
What¨s the matter if you are harmed whith a knive if someone is trying to rob you?.	What¨s the matter if you are harmed whith a knive if someone is trying to rob you?.
Can they refuse your entrance and not to nurse your wounds?.	Can they refuse your entrance and not to nurse your wounds?.
(the hospital).	(the hospital).
Do someone Knows the changes Obama wants to run regarding this point?	Do someone Knows the changes Obama wants to run regarding this point?
Thank you.	Thank you.
In it days of pascuas, we are celebrated	During the holiday season, we are celebrated
In it days of pascuas, we are celebrated :	During the holiday season, we
The December 21 that is the day of the Spirit of the Christmas, where the angel Gabriel celebrates the arrival to Maria.	December 21 that is the day of the Spirit of the Christmas, where the angel Gabriel celebrates the arrival of Maria.
We celebrate it with it has dinner from friends and family, in this 21 desires are asked for the prime year and one writes a leaf bad what of the year that then burns to eliminate it of our lives.	We celebrate it with by having dinner with friends and family, on this day desires are asked for the prime year and one writes a leaf of the bad things that happened that year and then burns it to eliminate it from our lives.
We celebrate it with it has dinner from friends and family, in this 21 desires are asked for the prime year and one writes a leaf bad what of the year that then burns to eliminate it of our lives.	We celebrate it by having dinner with friends and family, on this day desires are asked for the prime year and one writes a leaf of the bad things that happened that year and then burns it to eliminate it from our lives.
December 24 is the day that god celebrates the Christmas or the birth in of the child; in the mangers the figure of the child is placed after 12 of the night as sign of birth.	December 24 is the day that God celebrates the Christmas or the birth of Jesus; in the mangers the figure of the child is placed after 12 on that night as sign of birth.
December 28 is the Day of the Santos Inocentes, where jokes all are played, this date according to the Catholic Church is one pagan - religious celebrates since masses and festivals realize in commemoration of millions of children salted and dried 2009 years ago with the birth of the Messiah.	December 28 is the Day of the Santos Inocentes, where jokes all are played. This tradition, according to the Catholic Church, is Pagan - religious celebrates since masses and festivals realize in commemoration of millions of children salted and dried 2009 years ago with the birth of the Messiah.
December 28 is the Day of the Santos Inocentes, where jokes all are played, this date according to the Catholic Church is one pagan - religious celebrates since masses and festivals realize in commemoration of millions of children salted and dried 2009 years ago with the birth of the Messiah.	December 28 is the Day of the Santos Inocentes, where everybody plays jokes, this date according to the Catholic Church is one pagan - religious celebrates since masses and festivals realize in commemoration of millions of children salted and dried 2009 years ago with the birth of the Messiah.
December 31 is the typical festivity with the fireworks, the count is realized before the new year.	December 31 is the typical festivity with the fireworks, the count is realized before the new year.
In we have the tradition of 12 grapes of the time, this tradition it is necessary to eat 12 grapes before 12 a.m. and for every grape that commas you can a desire, that is to say, that have 12 desires in whole.	On this day we alsohave thetradition of 12 grapes of the time. For this tradition it is necessary to eat 12 grapes before 12 a.m. and for every grape that commas you can make a wish, that is to say, have 12 desires in whole.
In we have the tradition of 12 grapes of the time, this tradition it is necessary to eat 12 grapes before 12 a.m. and for every grape that commas you can a desire, that is to say, that have 12 desires in whole.	On this day we also have the tradition of 12 grapes of the time. For this tradition it is necessary to eat 12 grapes before 12 a.m. and for every grape that you eat you can make a wish, that is to say, have 12 desires in whole.
My favorite taboo 31 with the growing up that if wearing yellow underwear have prosperity in the year, as is if after the 12 salts with a suitcase in the street and greet neighbors and give them the new year have many trips that year, and also the belief of thinking that if you have dollars and the passport in the year you will have prosperity in the year.	My favorite taboo 31 while growing up was that if you were wearing yellow underwear you would have prosperity in the year, as is if after the 12 salts with a suitcase in the street and greet neighbors and give them the new year have many trips that year. There was also the belief that if you had dollars and a passport in the year you would have prosperity throughout the year.
My favorite taboo 31 with the growing up that if wearing yellow underwear have prosperity in the year, as is if after the 12 salts with a suitcase in the street and greet neighbors and give them the new year have many trips that year, and also the belief of thinking that if you have dollars and the passport in the year you will have prosperity in the year.	My favorite taboo 31 with the growing up that if wearing yellow underwear have prosperity in the year, as is if after the 12 salts with a suitcase in the street and great neighbors and give them the new year have many trips that year, and also the belief of thinking that if you have dollars and the passport in the year you will have prosperity in the year.
love you	Loving you - amándote | I love you - te amo
a....	Ah....
everytime i look at you its like the first time.....	every time I look at you, its like the first time.....
im fallin loving you...	I'm falling in love with you...
cause you change whole my life and you make me smile you are my everything	'cause you change my whole life and you make me smile, you are my everything
My first entry	My first entry
hi my name is Javier and i'm interesting in learning English.	Hi my name is Javier and I'm interested in learning English.
Thank you and bye.	Thank you and bye.
practice english in skype	practice english in skype
Change my spanish by your english.	Change my spanish by your english.
Somebody want to practice english in skype?My english level is low-medium.	Somebody want to practice english in skype?My english level is low-medium.
Thank you	Thank you
1st: About me!	1st: About me!
Hi!	Hi!
My name is Paulina and I'm 25 years old.	My name is Paulina and I'm 25 years old.
Just a few day ago I graduate from college, I'm a full nurse now!	Just a few days ago I graduated from college-- I'm a real nurse now!
I really like to learn languages, English was my first love =).	I really like to learn languages, English was my first love =).
I can understand very well when people talk in english but, for some reason to write is very difficult to me.	I can understand very well when people talk in English, but for some reason writing is very difficult for me.
If you have any suggestion about how can I improve that, I'll be really greatfull!	If you have any suggestions about how I can improve that, I'd be really greatful!
Carlos Pascual at the CIDE	Carlos Pascual at the CIDE
Today, the current US Ambassador to Mexico, Carlos Pascual, visited the prestigious think tank Center for Research and Teaching Economics (CIDE), at the Mexican business district Santa Fe located in Mexico City.	Today, the current US Ambassador to Mexico, Carlos Pascual, visited the prestigious think tank Center for Research and Teaching Economics (CIDE), at the Mexican business district Santa Fe located in Mexico City.
Since Mexico's most important bilateral relationship is the United States’, the message delivered by the Ambassador is quite relevant.	Since Mexico's most important bilateral relationship is the United States’, the message delivered by the Ambassador is quite relevant.
Because the dialogue table with the Ambassador was a little long, I will publish two entries.	Because what took place at the dialogue table with the Ambassador was a little long, I will publish two entries about it.
The first one will discuss the participation of the CIDE professors, and the second one will review the central arguments exposed by Carlos Pascual.	The first will discuss the participation of the CIDE professors, and the second will review the central arguments expounded by Carlos Pascual.
Who is Carlos Pascual?	Who is Carlos Pascual?
The diplomat was born in Cuba, and moved to the United States at age three.	The diplomat was born in Cuba, and his family moved to the United States when he was three.
He previously worked in the White House National Security Council as senior director for Russian, Ukrainian and Eurasian affairs, also served as ambassador to Ukraine between 2000 and 2003, and before coming to Mexico he was the director of the US State Department Office of Reconstruction and Stabilization.	He previously worked in the White House National Security Council as senior director for Russian, Ukrainian and Eurasian affairs, and also served as ambassador to Ukraine between 2000 and 2003. Before coming to Mexico he was the director of the US State Department Office of Reconstruction and Stabilization.
Last year, he was appointed by Barack Obama as the ambassador to Mexico.	Last year, he was appointed by Barack Obama as the ambassador to Mexico.
There was some controversy around his designation, because of his fame as an expert on ‘failed states.’	There was some controversy around his designation, because of his fame as an expert on ‘failed states.’
At the beginning of the meeting, two distinguished academics of the institution, PhD.	At the beginning of the meeting, two distinguished academics of the institution, PhD.
Jorge Chabat and PhD.	Jorge Chabat, PhD. and .
Guadalupe González, questioned the diplomat about the state of affairs between the two nations.	GGuadalupe González, PhD., questioned the diplomat about the state of affairs between the two nations.
Jorge Chabat began his speech highlighting the lack of enthusiasm among Mexicans about a broader integration with the powerful neighbor.	Jorge Chabat began his speech highlighting the lack of enthusiasm among Mexicans about a broader integration with their powerful neighbor.
In his opinion, the last decade was characterized by a firm belief that Mexico was getting more concessions from the United States, this impression was reinforced with the closer ties between the first Mexican President from the opposition, the rightist Vicente Fox, and George W.	In his opinion, the last decade was characterized by a firm belief that Mexico was getting more concessions from the United States; this impression was reinforced with the closer ties between the first Mexican President from the opposition, the rightist Vicente Fox, and George W.
Bush, and the former’s continuous declarations about the enchilada completa, or an integrated immigration reform, which would legalize a few millions of illegal Mexicans working in the US.	Bush, and the former’s continuous declarations about the enchilada completa, or an integrated immigration reform, which would legalize a few millions of illegal Mexicans working in the US.
However, with the terrorist attacks on the Twin Towers and the lack of Mexican cooperation on the Iraq war in the Security Council, all the promises and projects were put in stand by.	However, with the terrorist attacks on the Twin Towers and the lack of Mexican cooperation in the Iraq war in the Security Council, all these promises and projects were put on stand by.
In addition, the Bush administration stopped paying attention to Mexican issues and focused on the war on terror.	In addition, the Bush administration stopped paying attention to Mexican issues and focused on the war on terror.
With the new democrat government, the Mexican authorities guessed the panorama would change, but the financial crisis and the problems in Middle East shunned this situation.	With the new democrat government, the Mexican authorities guessed the panorama would change, but with the financial crisis and the problems in the Middle East this situation was shunned.
All these events caused the Mexican public opinion to be skeptical about a deeper integration with the States and provoked suspicion about US actions.	All these events caused Mexican public opinion to be skeptical about a deeper integration with the States and provoked suspicion about US actions.
Guadalupe González deepened this last topic and quoted several times the poll México y el Mundo to prop up Chabat’s argument about the increasing distrust on the Americans, and asked the Ambassador about how is the relationship with Mexico being designed.	Guadalupe González elaborated on with this last topic and quoted several times the poll México y el Mundo to prop up Chabat’s argument about the increasing distrust toward the Americans, and asked the Ambassador about how the relationship with Mexico is being handled.
Next post will be about Carlos Pascual's rejoinder.	My next post will be about Carlos Pascual's rejoinder.
Sorry about the image, I could not get a better one.	Sorry about the image, I could not get a better one.
From left to right: Jorge Chabat, Guadalupe González, Carlos Pascual, and Jorge Schiavon, Director of the CIDE's International Studies Department.	From left to right: Jorge Chabat, Guadalupe González, Carlos Pascual, and Jorge Schiavon, Director of the CIDE's International Studies Department.
Sona Rosa is a place.	Sona Rosa is a place.
Acapulco	Acapulco
Hello, I'm planning to write a blog because I want to improve my writing skills, this would be the first entry:	Hello, I'm planning to write a blog because I want to improve my writing skills, this will be the first entry:
The title says everything, I’m not intending to deceive you.	The title says everything, Idonot intend to deceive you.
So what I’ll be talking about in this space is the life in Mexico.	So what I’ll be talking about in this space is my life in Mexico.
Not only one aspect, some of them: sometimes it will be politics, Mexican Universities, costumes, places, etc.	I plan to write about various aspects of life in Mexico; sometimes I will talk about politics, Mexican Universities, costumes, places, etc.
I’m not pretty sure if there are many blogs like this, but if there are plenty of them, I really don’t care because I’m not competing with anybody.	I’m not sure if there are other blogs like this, but if there are many of them, I really don’t care because I’m not competing with anybody.
For the vacation, I moved to an old Mexican resort named Acapulco.	For a vacation, I moved to an old Mexican resort named Acapulco.
This place was the very first big Mexican resort.	This place was the very first big Mexican resort.
It was visited by North American stars, presidents, and other celebrities.	It was visited by North American stars, presidents, and other celebrities.
Of course the corrupt Mexican politicians from that time had properties here.	Of course the corrupt Mexican politicians from that time had properties here.
When Mexican economy was thriving at the 60’s, this port represented the concept of tourism industry.	When Mexican economy was thriving at the 60’s, this port was the base of the tourism industry.
This resort helped Mexico to maintain a balanced current account, while the profits earned by the agriculture were used to (try to) industrialize the country.	This resort helped Mexico to maintain a balanced account, while the profits earned by the agriculture were used in an attempt to industrialize the country.
This should make clear the importance of this port.	This should make clear the importance of this port.
Because of the explosive economic growth in this place, the masses of peasants from the impoverished regions of the state (Guerrero) migrated to the city, thus keeping low wages until now.	Because of the explosive economic growth in this area, the masses of peasants from the impoverished regions of the state (Guerrero) migrated to the citywhich kept wages low until now.
These peasants settled illegally in the uninhabited parts of the Acapulco county, because of the housing problem in the county the authorities allowed them to acquire those lots for free, well giving them their political support against the detractors of the regime, who, by the 60’s, were many.	These peasants settled illegally in the uninhabited parts of the Acapulco county. Due to the housing problem in the county, the authorities allowed them to acquire those lots for free, well giving them their political support against the detractors of the regime, who, by the 60’s, were many.
That’s the way most of the Acapulco quarters (colonias) surged.	That’s the way most of the Acapulco quarters (colonias) surged.
In the next decades, the port suffered from problems of housing, lack of water, overpopulation, and pollution.	In the next decades, the port suffered from problems of housing, lack of water, overpopulation, and pollution.
That’s why (and the lack of planning, and so many more reasons) Acapulco’s popularity as an international resort waned; now, this city has troubles attracting international tourists.	That’s why (and the lack of planning, and so many more reasons) Acapulco’s popularity as an international resort waned; now, this city has trouble attracting international tourists.
Nowadays, we can see a city which resembles the Capital of the country: some middle class and very rich places surrounded by poverty in an unplanned city.	Nowadays, we can see a city which resembles the Capital of the country: there is a moderately sized middle class and a few very rich places surrounded bywidespread poverty in an unplanned city.
It’s a debatable affirmation about the Capital, because it holds the biggest portion of middle class houses, but let’s remember that the city does not end with the official lines, the counties of the State of Mexico are part of the city, so we can clearly confirm what I’m talking about, but in bigger size.	This is a debatable affirmation about the Capital, because it holds the biggest portion of middle class houses. However, it is necessary to remember that the city does not end at the official boundaries.The counties of the State of Mexico are part of the city, so we can clearly confirm what I’m talking about, but in bigger size.
I tried to say: I can't watch/see it because it kills me.	I tried to say: I can't watch/see it because it kills me.
Mexican Economy	Mexican Economy
Recently, there have been lots of newspaper and public figures criticizing the policies implemented by the Mexican government in order to lessen the impact of the global crisis in Mexico.	Recently, there have been lots of newspapers and public figures criticizing the policies implemented by the Mexican government in order to lessen the impact of the global crisis in Mexico.
The comparisons between Brazil and Mexico are inevitable: how is it possible that the Mexican economy had contracted 7% and the Brazilian only 0%?	The comparisons between Brazil and Mexico are inevitable: how is it possible that the Mexican economy had contracted 7% and the Brazilian 0%?
Moreover, why Mexico was the worst Latin American country dealing with the global financial crisis?	Moreover, why was Mexico the worst Latin American country in dealing with the global financial crisis?
First of all, let's say some facts.	First of all, let's state some facts.
According to the National Institute of Statistic and Geography (INEGI), Mexican exports are heavily dependent on the USA market (75% of its exports are to the States).	According to the National Institute of Statistic and Geography (INEGI), Mexican exports are heavily dependent on the USA market (75% of its exports are to the States).
In Mexico, the states with the highest rates of economic growth (above 4%) are the northern ones: Baja California, South Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, Sonora, Tamaulipas and also Aguascalientes and Quintana Roo (this one in the south).	In Mexico, the states with the highest rates of economic growth (above 4%) are the northern ones: Baja California, South Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, Sonora, Tamaulipas and also Aguascalientes and Quintana Roo (the only one in the south).
The northern states, which are the ones more integrated with the USA economy, are export led economies, such as Aguascalientes and Quintana Roo, which is famous resort dependent on the US tourists.	The northern states, which are the ones more integrated with the US economy, are export-led economies, such as Aguascalientes and Quintana Roo, which is a famous resort dependent on the US tourists.
Now, taking into account that fact (that the Mexican states which are leading the economic growth in Mexico are export oriented economies with the US as the main destiny of its exports).	Now, taking into account the fact that the Mexican states leading the economic growth in Mexico are export-oriented economies with the US as the main destiny of exports,
It is not surprising that the Mexican economy had experimented that kind of economic contraction.	it is not surprising that the Mexican economy experienced that kind of economic contraction.
In South America, there is no state so dependent on the US market like Mexico.	In South America, there is no country so dependent on the US market as Mexico.
The solution would be to diversify the trade, but you know that since the end of the XIX century, Porfirio Díaz, a Mexican "dictator", stated that diversifying the trade was a necessary condition in order to reduce the dependency of the Mexican economy in relation to the United States economy.	The solution would be to diversify trade, but at the end of the XIX century, Porfirio Díaz, a Mexican "dictator", stated that diversifying trade was a necessary condition of reducing dependency of the Mexican economy in relation to the United States economy.
If it happened that the Mexican economy would increase it's net output following an export oriented solution, it would be through an increase in exports to the USA.	If it happened that the Mexican economy would increase its net output following an export-oriented solution, it would be through an increase in exports to the USA.
There are trade models based in the fact that bigger economies tend to "attract" the exports from the nearer countries.	There are trade models based in the fact that bigger economies tend to "attract" exports from nearer countries.
Unless Mexico managed to create goods which are not demanded from citizens in the United States -or strengthen its internal market-, Mexico won't be able to avoid the effects of the US crises.	Unless Mexico managed to create goods which are not demanded by citizens in the United States -or strengthen its internal markets-, Mexico won't be able to avoid the effects of the US crises.
No title	No title
My boss took a week off, so I asked him if I could go back to Acapulco.	My boss took a week off, so I asked him if I could go back to Acapulco.
So right now I am back in my hometown, at least for a week.	So right now I am back in my hometown, at least for a week.
Just a few things have changed compared to the last year, the violence had decreased, but lately there have been a lot of murders related to drug trafficking.	Just a few things have changed compared to last year: violence has decreased, but lately there have been a lot of murders related to drug trafficking.
At least not as spectacular as the ones of the last years, but after all murders.	At least they were not as terrible as the ones of the past few years, but they were still murders.
However, despite all the publicity in the news, people continue with their lives as nothing happens, even in the poor suburbs, where most of the killings happen.	However, despite all the publicity in the news, people continue with their lives as if nothing happens, even in the poor neighborhoods, where most of the killings happen.
Nevertheless I wonder how many of those are afraid of the drug-violence.	Nevertheless, I wonder how many of those are afraid of the drug violence. It's unclear to whom you're referring with "those."
In the case of my parents, they feel things are getting better, but they still do not like me going out at night.	In the case of my parents, they feel things are getting better, but they still do not like me going out at night.
Back to the main topic, I found out my parents bought a new television (LED) and made some modifications to the house.	Back to the main topic- I found out my parents bought a new television (LED) and made some changes to the house.
In sum, we have a new television, a new garage door, and a new flat roof.	In sum, we have a new television, a new garage door, and a new flat roof.
I kind of like them all.	I kind of like them all.
My stuff	My stuff
Hello, I've decided to print some Japanese signs in my room.	Hello, I've decided to print some Japanese signs in my room.
These signs will explain me in Japanese what are those things and its usage.	These signs will explain me in Japanese what are those things and its usage.
So I'm writing some of them:	So I'm writing some of them:
Mi pet Priscilla.	Mi pet Priscilla.
Mi class schedule.	Mi class schedule.
Thanks!!	Thanks!!
Three Spanish speaking movies	Three Spanish movies
HI.	HI.
This text is a little long, so you don't have to read it all or correct it all.	This text is a little long, so you don't have to read it all or correct it all.
If you want to correct one or two lines, it would be great.	If you want to correct one or two lines, that would be great.
Thanks in advance.	Thanks in advance.
Today I saw two different films.	Today I saw two different films.
One in the movies, and the other in my computer.	One at the movies, and the other on my computer.
I usually do not like going to the movies, because I consider it very expensive and I cannot do anything else in the movies, but to watch the film, so I have the feeling I am losing precious time.	I usually do not like going to the movies, because I consider it very expensive and I cannot do anything else in the movies, but watch the film, so I feel like I lose precious time.
While in my house, it is free, and I can do homework, study English and Korean, reply emails, etc.	in my house, watching the movie is free, and I can do homework, study English and Korean, reply to emails, etc.
Those are the main reasons why I do not go that often to the theatre.	Those are the main reasons why I do not go that often to the theatre.
However today my mother paid the tickets, and I end up going to Cinepolis.	However, today my mother paid for the tickets, and I ended up going to Cinepolis.
There were different interesting and commercial pictures, which I can easily download anytime.	There were different interesting and commercial pictures, which I can easily download anytime.
So I chose a movie that was not that common, so my going to the movies would be worth it.	So I chose a movie that was not that common, so my going to the movies would be worth it.
I picked "La casa muda" (Silent House).	I picked "La casa muda" (Silent House).
I do not regret my election, despite the fact of being crappy from almost any angle, because it was something different.	I do not regret my choice, despite the fact that, while being crappy from almost any angle, it was something different.
It was filmed in Uruguay and is based on real events.	It was filmed in Uruguay and is based on real events.
The movie was filmed using just one camera and in real time, that is quite an achievement.	The movie was filmed using just one camera and in real time; that is quite an achievement.
Although the story and the results of the one-camera-real-time experiment were not that good.	However, the story and the results of the one-camera-real-time experiment were not that good.
In other words, I would say this movie sucked not hard, but sucked anyway.	In other words, I would say this movie didn't suck really badly, but sucked nevertheless.
However, I read in some forums that people were claiming Uruguayan film industry was improving because of this picture.	However, I read in some forums that people were claiming the Uruguayan film industry was improving because of this picture.
Given its low quality and insignificant funding, I find this fact as astonishing.	Given its low quality and insignificant funding, I find this fact astonishing.
The plot, if you can call it that way, was about a girl, his father and the owner of a country house.	The plot, if you can call it that , was about a girl, her father and the owner of a country house.
The former two go to the house to repair it, so the it can be rented or sold, I do not know.	The first two go to the house to repair it, so the it can be rented or sold, I do not know.
There are some interesting things revealed at the end and the abnormal events happening in the house (well, the abnormal event that happen in that night).	There are some interesting things revealed at the end about the abnormal events happening in the house (well, the abnormal events that happen that night).
Second movie.	Second movie.
I remember a few months ago, following the explained logic, I picked "El Camino de las Flores" (The Road of Flowers).	I remember a few months ago, following the explained logic, I picked "El Camino de las Flores" (The Road of Flowers).
This was a Mexican product which took place in the Northern state of Baja California (however the actors talked with an obvious Mexico-city accent).	This was a Mexican production which took place in the Northern state of Baja California (however the actors talked with an obvious Mexico City accent).
The main idea was OK, but there were so many incoherences.	The main idea was OK, but there were so many inconsistencies.
This was a normal movie in terms of the filming (many cameras, good sound, different angles, etc.), and I remember there was a strong marketing campaign for this movie, I naively thought "if Mexicans don't do horror movies that often, at least the few ones that come out must be good, see the campaign!	This was a normal movie in terms of the filming (many cameras, good sound, different angles, etc.), and I remember there was a strong marketing campaign for this movie, I naively thought "if Mexicans don't do horror movies that often, at least the few ones that come out must be good, see the movie!
It must be good" I was wrong.	It must be good" I was wrong.
This movie totally sucked, and I felt pretty bad because I was expecting something better given the enthusiastically made mock-ups in Cinepolis.	This movie totally sucked, and I felt pretty bad because I was expecting something better given the enthusiastically made mock-ups in Cinepolis.
It was very predictable, the ending was completely off, and there were many unexplained things.	It was very predictable, the ending was completely off, and there were many unexplained things.
I wish I could say something better about this movie, but I cannot.	I wish I could say something better about this movie, but I cannot.
Third movie.	Third movie.
After coming back from the theatre, I searched information about Silent House, and I ran into "Los Ojos de Julia" (Julia's eyes) in a forum.	After coming back from the theatre, I searched information about Silent House, and I ran into "Los Ojos de Julia" (Julia's eyes) in a forum.
A Spanish movie from the directors of the Orfanato (Foster House?), I decided to watch it.	A Spanish movie from the directors of the Orfanato (Foster House?), I decided to watch it.
This was a very good movie.	This was a very good movie.
I am not saying OMG this THE movie, but it was pretty good, specially when compared to the other two.	I am not saying OMG this is THE movie, but it was pretty good, especially when compared to the other two.
The story was fine, maybe a little predictable in the last quarter of the movie, the acting was amazing and the overall quality of the movie (don't know the word, maybe the image or fotography) was on pair with US American movies.	The story was fine, maybe a little predictable in the last quarter of the movie, the acting was amazing and the overall quality of the movie (don't know the word, maybe the image or photography) was on par with American movies.
After watching these three films, all Spanish speaking ones, I wondered why countries which do not produce horror movies that often, or which do not have a big film industry (Mexico and Uruguay) come up with these sucky movies.	After watching these three films, all Spanish speaking ones, I wondered why countries which do not produce horror movies that often, or which do not have a big film industry (Mexico and Uruguay) come up with these sucky movies.
In the case of Uruguay, I guessed the director did not have much funds, but if you are going to film something so bad, better not to film anything.	In the case of Uruguay, I guessed the director did not have much funding, but if you are going to film something so badly, better not to film anything.
In the case of Mexico, this was not the first recent horror movie, KM31 was not amazing, but was way better than El Camino de las Flores.	In the case of Mexico, this was not the first recent horror movie; KM31 was not amazing, but was way better than El Camino de las Flores.
So if the film industry does not have much funding or official support, why are they still making pretty bad movies?	So if the film industry does not have much funding or official support, why are they still making pretty bad movies?
It is supposed to be the contrary, when there are not so many opportunities around, you are supposed to be the best and do the best so you can guarantee future funding.	It is supposed to be the contrary: when there are not so many opportunities around, you are supposed to be the best and do the best you can to guarantee future funding.
Maybe the special effects will not be that great, and the acting, not the best given the financial restrictions, but the story can and must be good and interesting.	Maybe the special effects will not be that great, and the acting not the best given the financial restrictions, but the story can and must be good and interesting.
Mexico is full of superstitious people and crazy legends, you can get good stories if you look for them.	Mexico is full of superstitious people and crazy legends; you can get good stories if you look for them.
The Spaniards have been doing great (or OK) horror or suspense movies: Thesis, REC, Foster House/el Orfanato, Backbone's Devil/El Espinazo del Diablo, which is also a coproduction with Mexico, and now Julia's Eyes.	The Spaniards have been doing great (or OK) horror or suspense movies: Thesis, REC, Foster House/el Orfanato, Backbone's Devil/El Espinazo del Diablo, which is also a coproduction with Mexico, and now Julia's Eyes.
Like the director of The Foster House, if you make interesting and good movies, then you will get more funds for the next one.	Like the director of The Foster House, if you make interesting and good movies, then you will get more funds for the next one.
I praise that Mexicans (I cannot talk about Uruguay since Silent House should not be even considered a professional movie) are making incursions in different genres, instead of sticking to the boring and predictable romance movie, but if you are going to use scarce resources, then do something good!	I praise the Mexicans (I cannot talk about Uruguay since Silent House should not be even considered a professional movie) for branching out into different genres, instead of sticking to the boring and predictable romance movie, but if you are going to use scarce resources, then do something good!
hi!!	hi!!
Hi everybody!!!	Hi everybody!!!
does anybody know about a web page where i can learn french??	does anybody know about a web page where i can learn french??
for free!!	for free!!
Christinas in irak sad and in shock...Christians in México ANGRY!	Christinas in irak sad and in shock...Christians in México ANGRY!
After car bomb explodes at Kirkuk church.	After car bomb explodes at Kirkuk church.
The bomb causes major damages to Syro-Catholic church.	The bomb causes major damages to Syro-Catholic church.
Children and clergymen are among the wounded.	Children and clergymen are among the wounded.
A second car bomb set to go off near an Evangelical church is defused.	A second car bomb set to go off near an Evangelical church is defused.
and angry...	and angry...
I'm very angry with the recent attacks against Christians in Irak.	I'm very angry with the recent attacks against Christians in Irak.
Angry with people than did that but angrier with europeans and americans who don't do nothing for irak christians and they just say "we condems attacks against anybody, or any social group"...	Angry with people than did that but angrier with europeans and americans who don't do nothing for irak christians and they just say "we condems attacks against anybody, or any social group"...
very lazy their speech.	very lazy their speech.
Currently Christians are being exterminated of Irak and the world keep in silence.	Currently Christians are being exterminated of Irak and the world keep in silence.
Think about France for example and the case of Burka.	Think about France for example and the case of Burka.
Many people said: France must allow burka because if they don't allow it then they are against one religion (muslims in this case) but now we are talking about Christians and nobody (I mean nations) do something!	Many people said: France must allow burka because if they don't allow it then they are against one religion (muslims in this case) but now we are talking about Christians and nobody (I mean nations) do something!
I'm not against any religion but we know that the main persecution against Christians is in islamic world.	I'm not against any religion but we know that the main persecution against Christians is in islamic world.
I just want to say that Christians suffer currently and nobody do something...	I just want to say that Christians suffer currently and nobody do something...
Self introduction	Self introduction
Hello, my name is Misael.	Hello, my name is Misael.
I was born and currently live in Puerto Rico.	I was born and currently live in Puerto Rico.
I am a native Spanish speaker studying the Japanese language.	I am a native Spanish speaker studying Japanese .
I also speak English as a second language and consider myself to be fairly fluent.	I also speak English as a second language and consider myself to be fairly fluent.
I have been exposed to English all my life through television and the Internet and have been able to understand it for as long as I can remember.	I have been exposed to English all my life through television and the Internet and have been able to understand it for as long as I can remember.
I registered on this website not only to learn Japanese, but also to improve my English writing so that I can one day achieve native proficiency.	I registered on this website not only to learn Japanese, but also to improve my English writing so that I can one day achieve native proficiency.
While I can understand and speak English with ease, I'm still not too confident in my writing.	While I can understand and speak English with ease, I'm still not too confident in my writing.
I would appreciate it if native English speakers could correct any errors or unnaturalness they may find in my writing, or rephrase my sentences so that my writing can flow more smoothly.	I would appreciate it if native English speakers could correct any errors or unnaturalness they may find in my writing, or rephrase my sentences so that my writing can flow more smoothly.
Please be as strict as possible with my writing.	Please be as strict as possible with my writing.
It's the only way I'll be able to improve!	It's the only way I'll be able to improve!
If possible, in addition to helping people learning Spanish, I would also like to correct other people's English entries.	If possible, in addition to helping people learning Spanish, I would also like to correct other people's English entries.
However, I'm afraid I'll give them a bad correction or misinform them, so if you see something wrong in any of my corrections, PLEASE LET ME KNOW and I will stop trying to correct English entries.	However, I'm afraid I'll give them a bad correction or misinform them, so if you see something wrong in any of my corrections, PLEASE LET ME KNOW and I will stop trying to correct English entries.
Likewise, I would also appreciate it if you could mark my corrections as "good" if you agree with my corrections so that I feel more confident in my corrections.	Likewise, I would also appreciate it if you could mark my corrections as "good" if you agree with my corrections so that I feel more confident in my corrections.
Thanks for reading.	Thanks for reading.
:)	:)
How does one go about improving their writing?	How does one go about improving their writing?
I have no trouble conversing in English, but whenever I actually try to write something more than just a couple of sentences I just have no idea where to start	I have no trouble conversing in English, but whenever I actually try to write something more than just a couple of sentences long I just have no idea where to start.
Even choosing the opening sentence for this entry took me a couple of minutes.	Even choosing the opening sentence for this entry took me a couple of minutes.
I don't know how to make the transitions between sentences and paragraphs sound natural.	I don't know how to make the transitions between sentences and paragraphs sound natural.
They seem too abrupt, but I have no idea how to make them better.	They seem too abrupt, but I have no idea how to make them better.
How does one go about improving their writing skills?	How does one go about improving their writing skills?
introduce	Introduction
hello eveybody my name is stefania from colombia.	Hello everybody, my name is Stefania, and I am from Colombia.
im 18 years old.	I'm 18 years old.
i have been in new zealand one year and 2 mounts.	I have been in New Zealand one year and 2 months.
i have been in new zealand one year and 2 mounts.	I have been in New Zealand for a year and two months.
i went to colombia last year in my holidays and now im studing academic english to get ready to start fundacion on july.	I went to Colombia last year in my holidays and now I'm studying academic English to get ready to start fundacion in July.
i went to colombia last year in my holidays and now im studing academic english to get ready to start fundacion on july.	I went to Colombia last year during my holidays and now I'm studying academic English to get ready to start fundacion in July. What do you mean by fundacion?
boring weekend	boring weekend
the last weekend was too long for me maybe becouse i didnt do anything interested this year as last year was my first easter holliday so i was traveling around soult island (NZ)..	the last weekend was too long for me maybe becouse i didnt do anything interested this year as last year was my first easter holliday so i was traveling around soult island (NZ)..
on friday i just went out with some friends to had fun in a latin bar was nice there i met a lot of people from differents parts in the world and oviously from my country as well...	on friday i just went out with some friends to have fun in a latin bar. It was nice, i met a lot of people there from differents parts in the world and obviously from my country as well...
on saturday i prefered stay at home so my feeling wasn't very good...	on Saturday I preferred to stay at home so my feeling wasn't very good...
on sunday i went to walk with my flatmate she's like my sister here so we went just for walk and drink some coffe and then i back to my flat...	on sunday i went for a walk with my flatmate she's like my sister here so we just went for walk and a cup of coffee and then i back to my flat...
my last day after this long weekend i decided to clean my flat and read a book...	On my last day after this long weekend i decided to clean my flat and read a book...
was really boring but anyway i enjoyed it...	was really boring but anyway i enjoyed it...
Tuba Mirum by Maria Salvador	Tuba Mirum by Maria Salvador
TUBA MIRUM	TUBA MIRUM
el sonido metálico despierta	el sonido metálico despierta
a los siempre durmientes	a los siempre durmientes
en el lugar que la naturaleza	en el lugar que la naturaleza
escogió como seno de la muerte:	escogió como seno de la muerte:
el miedo se personifica	el miedo se personifica
 en el temblor.	 en el temblor.
TUBA MIRUM	TUBA MIRUM
the metallic sound wakes	the metallic sound wakes
the always sleeping	the always sleeping
where the nature	where the nature
chose as the heart of death:	chose as the heart of death:
the fear personifies	the fear personifies
 in the shivering.	 in the shivering.
At the beginning	At the beginning
Hello everbody!	Hello everybody!
Like I've did with the another entry (in french), I'll introduce me saying that I'm here to improve my english.	Like I've done with my other entry (in French), I'll introduce myself saying that I'm here to improve my English.
I think thats a very good idea (I'm talkin about that community), and of course, any help you can need if you are learning spanish, you can ask me.	I think it's a very good idea (I'm talking about the community), and of course, any help you can need if you are learning spanish, you can ask me.
The guitar	The guitar
Playing guitar is like a liberation for me.	Playing guitar is liberating for me.
I've been playing for six years and the best thing I can say about it is that at the end I've found my own style when I play, my own sound, my personality, and this is what makes you special in music.	I've been playing for six years and the best thing I can say about it is that in the end I've found my own style when I play, my own sound, my personality, and this is what makes you special in music.
I like to create atmospheres with the only help of my Spanish guitar.	I like to create atmospheres with only the help of my Spanish guitar.
Thats all folks!	That's all folks!
xD	xD
Poetry	Poetry
Since I was a teenager, I've wrote poems, at the beginning they were very bad.	Ever since I was a teenager, I've written poems; in the beginning they were very bad. Or "I've written poems since I was a teenager. In the beginning they were very bad."
I read them now and I feel a little ashamed.	I read them now and I feel a little ashamed.
But, in fact, step by step, I've improved my poetry skills and now I also show some poems atmy friends and family.	But, in fact, step by step, I've improved my poetry skills and now I also show some poems to my friends and family.
But, in fact, step by step, I've improved my poetry skills and now I also show some poems atmy friends and family.	But, in fact, step by step, I've improved my poetry skills and now I also show some poems to my friends and family.
Of course, I'm not a Nobel award winning, but, who cares?	Of course, I'm not a Nobel award winner, but, who cares? Actually, we say, "Nobel prize."
I enjoy my writings	I enjoy my writings
I can't wait to write something in english!	I can't wait to write something in English!
my england experience	my england experience
I'm going to talk about the first day of my visit to England last summer.	I'm going to talk about the first day of my visit to England last summer.
i was in Manchester in August in order to improve my english skills, especially speaking ones.	In August, I went to Manchester in order to improve my english skills, especially my speaking.
When i landed in the airport i thought i was in troubles because a worker of my english school had to be there to give me a lift to my residence but he was not	When i landed at the airport i thought i was in trouble because a member of the english school was going to give me a lift to my residence but he was not there.
So i called to the emergency number and they said to me that in twenty minutes the man will be in the airport, but finally i had to wait for one hour.	So i called the emergency number and they told me that the man would be at the airport in twenty minutes , but I ended up waiting for an hour.
The employee apologised and took me to the residence, when i could sleep at last (because it was 1:00 am).	The employee apologised and took me to my residence, where i could sleep at last (because it was 1:00 am).
The next day another funny thing happened to me.	The next day another funny thing happened to me.
I woke up late and in addition i didn't know where the school was (because it was away from the residence).	I woke up late and in addition i didn't know where the school was (because it was away from the residence).
Luckily (i thought) there were some guys in the residence that seemed to be going to the school.	Luckily (i thought) there were some guys in the residence that seemed to be going to the school.
i said to them about the chance to go with them, but there were some communication problems, because neither their native tongue was english nor mine!	i asked them about the chance to go with them, but there were some communication problems, because neither their native tongue nor mine was english !
so i misunderstood them and went with them to a different english school!	so i misunderstood them and went with them to a different english school!
moreover it was almost at the other end of mine, and Manchester is not a small city, i can assure you...	moreover it was almost at the other end of mine, and Manchester is not a small city, i can assure you...
After two hours, two or three calls, and one bus, i arrived to the school.	After two hours, two or three calls, and one bus, i arrived at the school.
undoubtedly my first day was perfect.	undoubtedly my first day was perfect.
Formal Letter	Formal Letter
Dear Mrs Robinson:	Dear Mrs. Robinson,
I am very interested in studying a semester abroad at your university.	I am very interested in studying at your University for a semester.
I am very interested in studying a semester abroad at your university.	I am very interested in studying for a semester abroad at your university.
I think that it would be highly formative and a full experience regarded the quality and prestige of the University of Fordham.	I think that a semester studying abroad would be highly formative and give me a rich experience. Given the quality and prestige of the University of Fordham.
I think that it would be highly formative and a full experience regarded the quality and prestige of the University of Fordham.	I think that it would be a highly formative and full experience given the quality and prestige of the University of Fordham.You could also replace quality and prestige with the word "reputation", which is positive in this context.
I am looking for a place where i could master my English and at the same time and most importantly learn a completely new legal system and a way of learning in itself, since here in Spain our learning methods at the university are very different from yours.	I am looking for a place where I can master my English and at the same time, and most importantly, learn a new legal system. I am also interested in your way of teaching, since here in Spain our teaching methods at University level are very different from those in the United States.
I am looking for a place where i could master my English and at the same time and most importantly learn a completely new legal system and a way of learning in itself, since here in Spain our learning methods at the university are very different from yours.	I am looking for a place where I could master my English and,most importantly,learn a completely new legal system at the same time. I also wish to be exposed to a new way of learning, since in Spain our learning methods in university are very different from yours. This was a run-on sentence and I have tried to edit it to make better sense. 
I send you along with this letter my CV and a letter of recommendation from the Law Dean of my university.	I send along with this letter my CV and a letter of recommendation from the Dean of Law at my University.
I send you along with this letter my CV and a letter of recommendation from the Law Dean of my university.	Along with this letter, I am including my CV as well as a letter of recommendation from the Dean of my university's Law Department.
I hope that my qualifications will match the requirements of the university and that my profile will suit with the kind of person you are looking for.	I hope that my qualifications will match the requirements of the University and that my profile will match the kind of person you are looking for.
I hope that my qualifications will match the requirements of the university and that my profile will suit with the kind of person you are looking for.	I hope that my qualifications will match the requirements of the university and that my profile will match the kind of person you are looking for.
It would be nice to have some more information about the university and the city of New York, especially tips and in general that kind of information that is not written in the books, so i would thank you if you could send me any.	If you have any further information regarding the University or the course, or the City of New York, that you believe would be useful to me then I would be appreciative of any information you could provide.
It would be nice to have some more information about the university and the city of New York, especially tips and in general that kind of information that is not written in the books, so i would thank you if you could send me any.	It would be nice to receive any additional information about the university and the city of New York. I am especially looking for helpful information that one may not find in books or online. I thank you in advance for any help you can give me in this matter.
Thank you very much for your attention.	Thank you very much for your attention.
Best wishes,	Yours sincerely,
Best wishes,	Best wishes is fine for a more casual letter, but Sincerely is more formal and apporpriate for this type of letter.
Toni S.	Toni S.You should use your full name here, first and last.
WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF COMMON LAW SYSTEMS	WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF COMMON LAW SYSTEMS
We have to distinguish in Common Law systems the two main branches, i.	We have to distinguish in Common Law systems the two main branches, i.
e.	e.
the British one and the American one.	the British one and the American one.
While the American system has a written constitution which establishes separation of powers, the British system has an unwritten constitution and separation of powers (that is: legislative, executive and judiciary) is less clear.	While the American system has a written constitution which establishes separation of powers, the British system has an unwritten constitution and separation of powers (that is: legislative, executive and judiciary) is less clear.
 Taking as a reference the British system, we can say that an unwritten constitution is a good thing due to its flexibility and its "matter of fact" approach, but at the same time it has some problems.	 Taking as a reference the British system, we can say that an unwritten constitution is a good thing due to its flexibility and its "matter of fact" approach, but at the same time it has some problems.
Surely the most important worry is the uncertainty and insecurity as a consequence of not having a written constitution, which would establish the main principles and institutions of the State.	Surely the most important worry is the uncertainty and insecurity as a consequence of not having a written constitution, which would establish the main principles and institutions of the State.
 There is a tension between the principles of flexibility and security.	 There is a tension between the principles of flexibility and security.
To choose between one or the other as the most important will depend on the ideas of each person.	Which is more important is a matter of opinion.
Certainly the ideal type would be to mix both and to try that the system have as much flexibility and security as possible, but anyway we have to put one as the principal.	Certainly, the ideal system would be a mixture of both and would have as both as much flexibility and as much security as possible, but we must still privilege one over the other.
That is the main difference between the British system and the Continental system, while the first places the flexibility and tradition at the top, the last chooses the security and the rational knowledge of a written constitution.	That is the main difference between the British system and the Continental system: while the former places flexibility and tradition at the top, the latter chooses security and the rational knowledge of a written constitution.
 But there are another advantages and disadvantages.	 But there are another advantages and disadvantages.
In my opinion, the judicial precedent is one of its advantages in addition of the judge-made law, especially because the judges are chosen from the best and more experienced barristers, so theirs decisions are usually very suitable and logical.	In my opinion, the judicial precedent is one of its advantages in addition of the judge-made law, especially because the judges are chosen from the best and more experienced barristers, so theirs decisions are usually very suitable and logical.
Moreover, this system avoids the danger of endless changes of the law everytime a new party takes the power, as it happens in Continental systems.	Moreover, this system avoids the danger of endless changes of the law everytime a new party takes the power, as it happens in Continental systems.
 On the disadvantadges side, as some people say the Common Law system, based in judicial precedent and with almost nothing codified, is more messy and unclear than a codified system.	 On the disadvantadges side, as some people say the Common Law system, based in judicial precedent and with almost nothing codified, is more messy and unclear than a codified system.
 Others sources of the Common Law system as Costum or Books of authority are similar to those that the Continental system has.	 Others sources of the Common Law system as Costum or Books of authority are similar to those that the Continental system has.
 To put it in a nutshell: Common Law has advantages and disadvantages, and the same is for the Continental system, so the basic reason for the prevailing of one system or the other is cultural tradition and the idiosyncrasy of each country or region (although sometimes it was brought by force).	 To put it in a nutshell: Common Law has advantages and disadvantages, and the same is for the Continental system, so the basic reason for the prevailing of one system or the other is cultural tradition and the idiosyncrasy of each country or region (although sometimes it was brought by force).
I prefer the Common Law system for its flexibility and case approach, but this is a subjective decision and it will depend on the preferences of each individual.	I prefer the Common Law system for its flexibility and case approach, but this is a subjective decision and it will depend on the preferences of each individual.
The most important thing is that the Rule of Law and the Supremacy of Parliament work.	The most important thing is that the Rule of Law and the Supremacy of Parliament work.
But this is something that can only be achieved by the will of each country and its effort to maintain it.	But this is something that can only be achieved by the will of each country and its effort to maintain it.
Internet versus television	Internet versus television
All the things are changing faster and faster nowadays, and one of the most important is the way we communicate with the world and get information, something traditionally done trough the TV.	Everything is changing faster and faster nowadays, andone of the most important of which is the way we communicate with the world and get information, something traditionally done trough the TV.
Although the TV is still important, certainly people, and especially the new generations, are moving from the TV to the net as their primary way of communicate with each other, read the news or see their favourites movies or television programmes.	Although the TV is still important, certainly people, and especially the new generations, are moving from the TV to the net as their primary way of communicating with each other, reading the news or watching their favourite movies or television programmes.
I think that this is a real revolution and very positive on the whole.	I think that this is a real revolution and very positive one on the whole.
The things that you can do surfing the net are immense and really huge in comparison with the TV.	The amount of things that you can do surfing the net is enormous and really huge in comparison with the TV.
I would say that the Internet represents the real freedom, because it is the only media that is not tightly controlled and subject to the censorship as it is the TV or the radio.	I would say that the Internet represents real freedom, because it is the only media that is not tightly controlled or subject to censorship, as it is the TV or radio.
In the net you can choose from an enormous selection the paper that you want to read, the field that you want to study, etc, and most importantly: you are who is choosing, and not being chosed as you are with the tv.	On the net you can choose from an enormous selection, includingthe paper that you want to read, the field that you want to study, etc, and most importantly: it is you who is choosing, and not who is being chosen as you are with the tv.
It is true that the TV has a lot of channels and you can choose and switch from one to another, depending on your political tastes and preferences, but the range is very little actually compared with the Internet.	It is true that the TV has a lot of channels and that you can choose and switch from one to another, depending on your political tastes and preferences, but the range of choices is actually very little when compared with that of the Internet.
Finally i would highlight the dangers that the Internet is facing at present.	Finally i would like to highlight the dangers that the Internet is facing at present.
For sure the most important is the governs worldwide trying to repress the freedom of the net with more or less credible excuses depending on the country, promulgating laws whose real intention is to censorship the webs that are not agreeing with the so called "political correctness".	For sure the most important is that governments worldwide are trying to suppress the freedom of the net with more or less credible excuses depending on the country, promulgating laws whose real intention is to censor the websites that do not agree with so called "political correctness".
I hope that the freedom of the net will continue for ever, but i am not very optimistic, knowing that Power doesn't like freedom at all.	I hope that the freedom of the net will continue forever, but i am not very optimistic, knowing that Power doesn't like freedom at all.
"Collateral", A Film Review	"Collateral", A Film Review
I watched last night the film Collateral.	I watched last night the film Collateral. -> Last night I watched the movie Collateral. Film is correct, but movie is more natural.
In fact I have already seen it some years ago at the cinema, when i was almost a child, and even on that occasion I remember to have been strangely amazed by the film.	In fact I had already seen it some years ago at the movies, when i was almost a child, and I remember having been strangely amazed by the film. 
When I found out the film on the television I froze at the armchair with my eyes fixed on the screen.	When I found out the film on the television I froze at the armchair with my eyes fixed on the screen. -> When I saw the movie on television, I froze in the armchair with my eyes fixed on the screen.or When I found out the movie was on television...
I decided to watch the film again so that I could appreciate all its meaning.	I decided to watch the film again so that I could appreciate all of it's meaning.
I was and adult now and could discover all the subtleties inside the film which I couldn't in the past.	I am an adult now and can discover all the subtleties in the film which I couldn't in the past.
Basically the plot is based on a hired killer named Vincent who must kill five people involved in a trial.	Basically the plot is based on an assassin named Vincent who must kill five people involved in a trial.
In order to do that he takes a taxi whis is going to give him a lift around Los Angeles stopping each time Vincent finds one of his victimes.	In order to do that he takes a taxi whis is going to give him a lift around Los Angeles stopping each time Vincent finds one of his victimes.
In theory Max, the taxi driver, is not going to know that Vincent is commiting murders each time he stops, but he find it out when the corpse of the first victim fall out of a window onto his cab.	In theory Max, the taxi driver, is not supposed to know that Vincent is committing murders each time he stops, but he finds out when the corpse of the first victim falls out of a window onto his cab.
The best feature of the film are the dialogues between Vincent, a nihilist and aloof hired killer who justifies his crimes on the basis of the atrocities that happen in the world (for example the Rwanda Genocide), and Max, and idealistic and kind person as the opposite of Vincent.	The best features of the film are the dialogues between Vincent, a nihilist and aloof hired killer who justifies his crimes on the basis of the atrocities that happen in the world (for example the Rwanda Genocide), and Max, an idealistic and kind person as the opposite of Vincent.
I know now why i got amazed by this film in the first place: its philosophical dialogues and its classic and sober atmosphere along whith is photography and epic final are simply superb.	I know now why i got amazed by this film in the first place: its philosophical dialogues and its classic and sober atmosphere along whith is photography and epic finale are simply superb.
Colón	Colón
Hi!	Hi!
This is my first diary, Am I going to talk about myself?	This is my first diary, Am I going to talk about myself?
No way, my life isn't interesting, is too boring xD.	No way, my life isn't interesting, it is too boring xD.
No way, my life isn't interesting, is too boring xD.	No way, my life isn't that interesting, it's too boring xD.
Moreover, I have to study History and English, so let's practice both of them!.	Moreover, I have to study History and English, so let's practice both of them!
I'm going to write about one of my last History class.	I'm going to write about one of my last History classes.
I'm going to write about one of my last History class.	I'm going to write about one of my last History classes.
We are talking about America discovering, our teacher said that Colón was a bungler.	We were talking about the discovery of America, and our teacher told us that Colón was a bungler.
We are talking about America discovering, our teacher said that Colón was a bungler.	We are talking about discovering America, our teacher said that Colón was a bungler.
We are talking about America discovering, our teacher said that Colón was a bungler.	We are talking about the discovery of America, and our teacher said that Columbus was a bungler.
He wouldn't have discovered America if he hadn't made four mistakes.	He wouldn't have discovered America if he hadn't made four mistakes.
And when he had arrived there he thought that it was China, and he died thinking that!	And when he had arrived there he thought that it was China, and he died thinking that!
Well, for him it was better to said that it was China because his contract was about going from Spain to China, not discovering new places xD.	Well, for him it was better to have to said that it was China, because his contract was about going from Spain to China, not discovering new places xD.
Well, for him it was better to said that it was China because his contract was about going from Spain to China, not discovering new places xD.	Well, for him it was better to have said that it was China because his contract was about going from Spain to China, not discovering new places xD.
He was hired by the Kings of Spain, no one wanted to finance his project of going to China crossing the Atlantic.	He tried to get hired by the Kings of Spain, but no one wanted to finance his project of going to China by crossing the Atlantic.
He was hired by the Kings of Spain, no one wanted to finance his project of going to China crossing the Atlantic.	He was hired by the King and Queen of Spain, since no one else wanted to finance his project of going to China by crossing the Atlantic.
Even it was rejected by the Kings of Spain, but he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and they were excited.	Even though his plan was rejected by the Kings of Spain, he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and they accepted.
Even it was rejected by the Kings of Spain, but he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and they were excited.	It was even rejected by the Kings of Spain, but he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and they were excited.
Even it was rejected by the Kings of Spain, but he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and they were excited.	It was rejected by the King and Queen of Spain, but he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and were excited.
But, if people thought that earth was plane, Why he wanted to crossed the Atlantic?	But, if people thought that earth was flat, why was it that he wanted to cross the Atlantic?
But, if people thought that earth was plane, Why he wanted to crossed the Atlantic?	But, if people thought that the earth was plane, Why did he want to cross the Atlantic?
But, if people thought that earth was plane, Why he wanted to crossed the Atlantic?	But if people thought that earth was flat, why would he want to cross the Atlantic?
Right, The West had too many spices and unique materials that were not on other places, and there were to many exchanges to bring them here.	The West had many spices and unique materials that were not in other places, and the distant and complicated exchange routes made them difficult to bring back.
Right, The West had too many spices and unique materials that were not on other places, and there were to many exchanges to bring them here.	Right, The West had many spices and unique materials that were not found in other places, and there were many exchanges to bring them here.
Right, The West had too many spices and unique materials that were not on other places, and there were to many exchanges to bring them here.	The East had many spices and other unique materials that were not in other places, and there were many different exchanges to bring them here.
So Colón's idea was making another trade route safer and less expensive for this unique materials.	So Colón's idea was making another trade route safer and less expensive
So Colón's idea was making another trade route safer and less expensive for this unique materials.	So Colón's idea was making another trade route safer and less expensive for these unique materials.
So Colón's idea was making another trade route safer and less expensive for this unique materials.	So Columbus' idea was to discover another trade route that would be safer and less expensive for the trade of these unique materials.
Then, Spain was the best empire in the world at that time.	Spain was the best empire in the world at that time.
Then, Spain was the best empire in the world at that time.	Spain was the best empire in the world at that time.
Why isn't now if Spain being riched with American Silver?	?? Why isn't Spain still on top after plundering all of America's silver ??
Why isn't now if Spain being riched with American Silver?	Why isn't it now, if Spain is being enriched with American silver?
Why isn't now if Spain being riched with American Silver?	Why aren't we rich now if Spain got so rich from American Silver?
That's because we are lammers xD.	what's a lammer?
That's because we are lammers xD.	That's because we are lame xD
Just kidding, maybe I'll explain in the next entry ;)	Just kidding, maybe I'll explain in the next entry ;)
Thank's for reading :D	Thanks for reading :D
Você sabe?	Você sabe?
Olá!	Olá!
tenho uma dúvida XD Outro dia escutei uma canção e há algo que não posso compreender.	tenho uma dúvida XD Outro dia escutei uma canção e há algo que não posso compreender.
É uma expressão que diz " é que é que".	É uma expressão que diz " é que é que".
A frase inteira é: "Me diz pra onde é que é que você vai depois".	A frase inteira é: "Me diz pra onde é que você vai depois".
Tenho pesquisado  na internet  mas não tenho achado nada u.	Tenho pesquisado  na internet  mas não tenho achado nada u.
u 	u 
saudacãos!	saudacãos!
:)	:)
Mixing languages	Mixing languages
Lately I've noticed I sometimes mix the languages I'm learning while I'm in class.	Lately I've noticed I sometimes mix the languages I'm learning while I'm in class.
It's very funny and I've noticed that the same happens to some of my classmates	It's very funny and I've noticed the same happening with some of my classmates.
When I'm in English class I sometimes say "oui" to the teacher instead of yes, when I have French lessons I speak a lot in English (I say "Miss", "yes"...) and in Japanese class I almost say "Qu'est-ce que c'est..." once.	When I'm in English class I sometimes say "oui" to the teacher instead of "yes". When I have French lessons I speakt in English a lot (I say "Miss", "yes"...) and in Japanese class I almost said"Qu'est-ce que c'est..." once.
I guess it will still happen often...	I guess it will still happen often...
A house full of animals	A house full of animals
Ever since I have memory there's been at least one pet in my house.	Ever since I could remember there's been at least one pet in my house.
Ever since I have memory there's been at least one pet in my house.	Ever since I could remember there's been at least one pet in my house.
Ever since I have memory there's been at least one pet in my house.	Ever since I can remember, there's been at least one pet in my house.
We had had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguane, a turtle and a couple of rabbits (who had like 10 rabbits).	We've had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens, chickens, hamsters, fish, iguanas, turtles and a couple of rabbits (we had 10 rabbits).
We had had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguane, a turtle and a couple of rabbits (who had like 10 rabbits).	We have had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguana, a turtle and a couple of rabbits (who had like 10 rabbits).
We had had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguane, a turtle and a couple of rabbits (who had like 10 rabbits).	We have had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguane, a turtle and a couple of rabbits ( like 10 rabbits).
My best friend even drew a comic about me and my animals in school: it was very funny.	My best friend even drew a comic about me and my animals in school: it was very funny.
The pet I remember and love the most is my dog Randy.	The pet I remember and loved the most is my dog Randy.
The pet I remember and love the most is my dog Randy.	The pet I remembered and loved the most was my dog Randy.
He was 2 or 3 years older than me, he was a dog loved by all the family.	He was 2 or 3 years older than me and he was a dog loved by the entire family.
He was 2 or 3 years older than me, he was a dog loved by all the family.	He was 2 or 3 years older than me, he was a dog loved by the whole family
He was 2 or 3 years older than me, he was a dog loved by all the family.	He was 2 or 3 years older than me. He was loved by all the family.
He loved going out and spending time in the streets.	He loved going out and spending time outdoors.
When he wanted to go home he used to "knock" the door with his legs, he was a very intelligent dog :) 	When he wanted to go home he used to "knock" the door with his legs. He was a very smart dog :)
When he wanted to go home he used to "knock" the door with his legs, he was a very intelligent dog :) 	When he wanted to go home he used to "knock" the door with his legs. He was a very intelligent dog :) Oraciones se conectan con un periodo, no con una coma. 
When Randy died it was sad.	When Randy died, I was sad.
When Randy died it was sad.	When Randy died it was sad.
He was 16 or 17 years old, he was already blind and he couldn't listen very well.	He was 16 or 17 years old. He was already blind and couldn't hear very well.
He was 16 or 17 years old, he was already blind and he couldn't listen very well.	He was 16 or 17 years old, he was already blind and he couldn't hear very well.
He was 16 or 17 years old, he was already blind and he couldn't listen very well.	He was 16 or 17 years old. He was already blind and he couldn't listen very well.
My mom took him to the vet and he never returned...	My mom took him to the vet and he never returned...
A couple of days later, because of my questions and my sister's she told us what happened.	A couple of days later, because of my questions from my sister and I, my mom told us what happened.
A couple of days later, because of my questions and my sister's she told us what happened.	A couple of days later, because of mine and my sister's questions, she told us what happened.
A couple of days later, because of my questions and my sister's she told us what happened.	A couple of days later, because of my and my sister's questions she told us what happened.
My first entry	My first entry
Hello, I'm Silvia, nice to meet you!	Hello, I'm Silvia, nice to meet you!
I'm a peruvian student and I've just discovered Lang-8 a couple of days ago.	I'm a peruvian student and I've just discovered Lang-8 a couple of days ago.
I want to improve my English so here I am =).	I want to improve my English so here I am =).
I've been studying English since I was in primary school* but I've noticed that my vocabulary is not so big and I hope that with your help I can become better.	I've been studying English since I was in primary school* but I've noticed that my vocabulary is not so big and I hope that with your help I can become better.
I'm interested in learning a lot of languages (I love languages!).	I'm interested in learning a lot of languages (I love languages!).
Right now I'm studying French and English Grammar.	Right now I'm studying French and English Grammar.
I'm also studying Japanese by myself (If I get lucky, next year I will begin studying it in an institute).	I'm also studying Japanese by myself (If I get lucky, next year I will begin studying it in an institute).
I'm still deciding which language to take next: Italian or Portuguese.	I'm still deciding which language to take next: Italian or Portuguese.
My friends have told me that because of our first language (Spanish) it will be easier if I begin with Potuguese, but I'm afraid that it will confuse me since it's very similar to French (well Italian is also similar to Spanish, they are Romance Languages after all...	My friends have told me that because of our first language (Spanish) it will be easier if I begin with Potuguese, but I'm afraid that it will confuse me since it's very similar to French (well Italian is also similar to Spanish, they are Romance Languages after all...
lol) 	lol) 
*I don't know if there's any difference between "Elementary School" and "Primary School" I just chose one.	*I don't know if there's any difference between "Elementary School" and "Primary School" I just chose one.
que quiere decir sweet heart 	que quiere decir sweet heart 
que quiere decir sweet heart : dulce corazon ?	que quiere decir sweet heart : dulce corazon ?
Super quick survey.	Super quick survey.
I'm doing a research project for school as to how knowing more than one language changes your views, personality?	I'm doing a research project for school as to how knowing more than one language changes your views, personality?
etc.	etc.
It takes less than 5 minutes and you'd be helping me a great deal!	It takes less than 5 minutes and you'd be helping me a great deal!
Thanks in advance.	Thanks in advance.
Top Gear	Top Gear
My culture has been deeply "offended" by the one of the hosts who laughed and pointed same of our flaws ironically.	My culture has been deeply "offended" by the one of the hosts who laughed and pointed out some of our flaws ironically.
Everyone's making a big deal out of it.	Everyone's making a big deal out of it.
I honestly believe that this happens all the time, people make racist jokes all the time, but when the jokes or whatever is said is about one's culture it's just like they have offended our national pride.	I honestly believe that this happens all the time, people making racist jokes, but when the jokes or whatever is said are about one's culture it's just like they have offended our national pride.
It has been commented in about every single news show I've seen today and I don't think it calls for it.	It has been commented about every single news show I've seen today and I don't think it calls for it. or 'I don't think it deserves it.'
Personally, I found way more offensive the activity in Australia's Big Brother in which they had to throw balloons to the Mexican flag, although this one also had some comments that were totally uncalled for.	Personally, I found way more offensive the activity in Australia's Big Brother in which they had to throw balloons at the Mexican flag, although this one also had some comments that were totally uncalled for.
And to be honest, no one even knew about that Mexican sport car here.	And to be honest, no one even knew about that Mexican sport car here.
Guess it's gonna sell a lot after this.	I guess it's gonna sell a lot after this.
It's also a nice way to have something other than dead people on the news once in a while.	It's also a nice way to have something other than dead people on the news once in a while.
Like we say, if the coat fits, wear it.	Like we say, if the coat fits, wear it.
I think those offended fit in the description made in the program...	I think those offended fit in the description made in the program...
I don't find any other reason to be angry.	I don't find any other reason to be angry.
For those interested here's a link: 	For those interested here's a link: 
Couldn't find one without Spanish subtitles, sorry!	Couldn't find one without Spanish subtitles, sorry!
How can I do to use this page?	How do I use this page?
I hate use some kind of technology because there are a lot of information about that and I do not Know what I have to do.	I hate using any kind of technology because there is a lot of information about it and I do not know what I have to do.
This is ...	This is ...
Chile's 8.8 Earthquake	Chile's 8.8 Earthquake
* I'm from Santiago, Chile.	* I'm from Santiago, Chile.
I want to show you my POV of this tragedy and how I feel this Earthqauke.	I want to show you my POV of this tragedy and how I feel about this Earthquake.
I have been without electricity, water and some kind of comunication since this terrible earthquake.	I have been without electricity, water or any kind of communication since this terrible earthquake.
I was visiting Facebook when suddenly, at 3.30 AM, the earth began to shake quietly.	I was visiting Facebook when suddenly, at 3.30 AM, the earth began to shake quietly.
But, some seconds later it was stonger and stronger.	But, some seconds later it became stronger and stronger.
I dressed so fast, woke up my little sister and my mother and we started to run to principal door.	I got dressed quickly, woke up my little sister and my mother and we started to run to the front door.
It was horrible, I feel like The end of the World was comind soon.	It was horrible, I felt like The end of the World was coming.
The trees shook strongly, I saw the sky shone because some spotlight blew up.	The trees shook hard, and I saw the sky become bright because some spotlights blew up.
I was scared!	I was scared!
Finally, when the earthquake stopped, we can see the damage: many things were broke down (glasses), there wasn't light.	Finally, when the earthquake stopped, we can see the damage: many things were broken down (glasses), and there wasn't any light.
Finally, when the earthquake stopped, we can see the damage: many things were broke down (glasses), there wasn't light.	Finally, when the earthquake stopped, we could see the damage: many things were broken down (glasses), and there wasn't any light
All my neighboors were fine!	All my neighboors were fine!
Nobody was affected by the earthquake.	Nobody was injured by the earthquake.
But all of us was still afraid of the aftershocks.	But all of us were still afraid of the aftershocks.
During all the night, the afterschocks still continued.	During the whole night, the aftershocks still continued.
I couldn't sleep.	I couldn't sleep.
But, I hadn't some news about the earthquake because I hadn't electricity.	But, I couldn't get any news about the earthquake because I hadn't electricity.
But, I hadn't some news about the earthquake because I hadn't electricity.	But, I couldn't get any news about the earthquake because I didn't have electricity.
We only have some lanterns, some water and a radio on runs with battery.	We only have some lanterns, some water and a battery-operated radio.
Hence, I can undertand all about this tragic catastrophe.	Hence, I can understand much about this tragic catastrophe.
The earthquake intensity was 8.8 (the fifth more "terrible" in the History of the World).	The earthquake intensity was 8.8 (the fifth most "terrible" in the History of the World).
It was from center-south of my country.	It was from the center-south of my country.
I live in Santiago (in center of Chile).	I live in Santiago (in center of Chile).
The worst of this tragedy was a serial of TSUNAMIS in all the Chilean coast.	The worst of this tragedy was a series of TSUNAMIS on the Chilean coast.
First was the 8.8 earthquake and then, the tsunamis.	First was the 8.8 earthquake and then, the tsunamis.
Many coaster towns, beach was destroyed by the Tsunamis.	Many coastal towns and beaches were destroyed by the Tsunamis.
Many people are in safe because run away to the highest of some hill.	Many people are safe because they ran away to some high hills.
I don't know how to describe this tragedy.	I don't know how to describe this tragedy.
There are many houses, building, facilities broke down	There are many houses, buildings, and facilities broken down
The first day, the Chilean goverment said that there was 300 dead people, but then at the second day there was 1,000 dead people.	The first day, the Chilean government said that there were 300 people dead, but then on the second day there were 1,000 people dead.
I feel so bad.	I feel so bad.
I have friends in South of Chile and don´t know how they are.	I have friends in South of Chile and I don´t know how they are.
And, I feel so disappointed and embarrassed with some people in Chile.	And, I feel so disappointed and embarrassed with some people in Chile.
This is a national catastrophe, there is no elecrticity, telephone lines, some food, water...	This is a national catastrophe, there is no elecrticity, telephone lines, some food, water...
but there are some kind of irresponsible people who ARE STEALING Supermarkets, mini-markets...	but there are some irresponsible people who ARE STEALING from supermarkets, and mini-markets...
but they only aren´t stealing food, but SOME electrical appliance, bottles of alcohol, furniture, clothes, everything they can steal.	but they aren´t only stealing food, but ALSO electrical appliances, bottles of alcohol, furniture, clothes, everything they can steal.
Now, in the most affected zones, there are military forces because this is out of control.	Now, in the most affected zones, there are military forces because this is out of control.
There is no respect for the people who really NEEDS AID.	There is no respect for the people who really NEED AID.
I tried to write a letter :S	I tried to write a letter :S
Hello Everyone.	Hello Everyone.
Mhh, I need your help.	Mhh, I need your help.
In my country, I'm in TVXQ's FanClub  ( a corean boy band ♥).	In my country, I'm in TVXQ's FanClub  ( a corean boy band ♥).
We have a project: try to send them some present and letter, so I write one in English.	We have a project: try to send them some present and letter, so I write one in English.
Could you help me to correct it ?	Could you help me to correct it ?
( Please, don't laugh T^T)	( Please, don't laugh T^T)
Deat TVXQ:	Dear TVXQ:
Hello everyone !	Hello everyone !
This letter is come from Chile, a very far away country in South America.	This letter come from Chile, a very far away country in South America.
I must admited that I have recently listened you, but you changed my whow life.	I must admit that recently, I've been listening to your songs. You changed my whole life.
Actually, I'm studying Japanese-English translation and it's so hard.	Actually, I'm studying Japanese-English translation and it's so hard.
When I knew you, I was very surprised, becouse you're very talented, guys !	When I know you, I was very surprised, because you guys are very talented!
Later.	Later.
I was searching for all of your musican job, and, I'm very proud of you.	I was searching for all of your musician job and I'm very proud of you.
I don't know where you have enegies to continue dancing, singing, learning new complex and awesome coreographies.	I don't know where you have energy to continue dancing, singing, learning new complex and awesome choreographic.
Your career must be very selfless and hard.	Your career must be very selfless and hard.
More to be a fan of you, I really admire you.	More to be a fan of you, I really admire you.
It's the first time that I feel something like admiration to a band.	It's the first time that I feel something like admiration to a band.
You are always working and working, so you have improved a lot as artist.	You are always working and working, so you have improved a lot as artist.
I want you to say : Thanks very much for give me energies to go on with my studies ( to learn japanese it's difficult, but you can speak it !	I want you to say : Thank you very much for giving me the energy to go on with my studies ( to learn Japanese it's difficult, but you can speak it !
 ).	 ).
You make me happy, becouse I think that you're like a family.	You make me happy, because I think that you're like a family.
You show us happiness between you.	You show us happiness between you.
Special Thanks to every TVXQ member :	Special Thanks to every TVXQ member :
* Changmin: You're amazing !	* Changmin: You're amazing !
You're my idol.	You're my idol.
You have demonstrated  us that all can do with effort.	You have demonstrated  us that all can do with effort.
When I see you I think "Don't give up and go on !" ( You've improves a lot !	When I see you I think "Don't give up and go on !" ( You've improves a lot !
That's great !	That's great !
 )	 )
* Jaejoong: You make me laugh a lot, You're so cute anf funny.	* Jaejoong: You make me laugh a lot, You're so cute and funny.
* Junsu: You're an amazing dancer.	* Junsu: You're an amazing dancer.
You moved me with your dance and sing skills.	You moved me with your dance and singing skills.
I think you're nice.	I think you're nice.
You have a beatiful smile and great charisma.	You have a beautiful smile and great charisma.
* Micky: You are also funny and handsome.	* Micky: You are also funny and handsome.
Your voice is sweet.	Your voice is sweet.
* Yunho: OMG !	* Yunho: OMG !
You're a great dancer.	You're a great dancer.
Please, care all your friends.	Please, care all your friends.
Last, I hope that you read this letter.	Last, I hope that you read this letter.
I tried to write what I'm feeling now.	I tried to write what I'm feeling now.
You're the best boy band in the world.	You're the best boy band in the world.
Good luck forever !	Good luck forever !
Many people in Chile realy likes and admires you !	Many people in Chile really likes and admires you !
Regards from here, Chile !!	Regards from here, Chile !!
XXXX XXXXX ( my name :P )	XXXX XXXXX ( my name :P )
Thanks for your help !	Thanks for your help !
P.	P.
S : It's too long XD	S : It's too long XD
Chile ayuda a Chile	Chile ayuda a Chile
After several days later...	"After several days..." or "Several days later..."
I'm feel very lucky because all my family are fine.	I'm feeling very lucky because all of my family is fine.
There are people who practically lost everything they have by earthquake.	There are people who practically lost everything they have because of the earthquake.
Now, It's time to help!	Now, it's time to help!
When it happens catastrophes, Chile always show a positive side: they (or we) are solidarity.	When catastrophes happen, Chile always shows a positive side: they (or we) are solidarity.
I'm so proud os Chilean people who really wants to help to most affected.	I'm so proud of us Chilean people who really want to help the most affected.
Almost donate some clothes, foods, cleaning products, some money.	Almost all of us donated some clothes, food, cleaning products, or money.
A friend of mine lost her house (she lives in Concepción, South of Chile and one of the most affected city).	A friend of mine lost her house (she lives in Concepción, South of Chile, which is one of the most affected cities).
So, I'm going to collect all I have to give it to her.	So, I'm going to collect all I have to give to her.
Because this earthquake, On Friday and Saturday It is going to be produced a TV show called "Teletón" or "Chile ayuda a Chile" (Chile helps Chile).	Because of this earthquake, there is going to be a TV show called "Teletón" or "Chile ayuda a Chile" (Chile helps Chile) on Friday and Saturday.
We have to collect enough money to build again those house that broken down and help those families who don't have anything now.	We have to collect enough money to rebuild the houses that collapsed and help the families who don't have anything now.
FUERZA CHILE!	FUERZA CHILE!
(It's like a some sort of slogan that we use to give ourselfs positive energies!)	(It's like some sort of slogan that we use to give ourselves positive energy!)
P.	P.
S: This evening was a hard 6.3 magnitude aftershock in South of Chile and there was a false alarm of Tsunami >.<	S: This evening there was a hard 6.3 magnitude aftershock in South of Chile and there was a false alarm of a Tsunami >.<
AND NOW, It have been a 6.1 magnitude aftershock in Valparaíso (it's North where I live :S) I'm scared >.< No more please.	AND NOW, It have been in a 6.1 magnitude aftershock in Valparaíso (it's North of where I live :S) I'm scared >.< No more please.
Hi everyone !	Hi everyone !
Hello everybody, my name is Francisca and I'm from Chile.	Hello everybody, my name is Francisca and I'm from Chile.
Actually I'm studyng three languagues at my university : English, Japanese and Portuguese.	Actually I'm studyng three languagues at my university : English, Japanese and Portuguese.
When I decided to enter at my university, I believed that my english level was very good, but ....	When I decided to enter my university, I believed that my English level was very good, but ....
This one was a lie U__U	This was a lie U__U
Sometimes, my teacher was talking in English and I didn´t understand all.	Sometimes, my teacher was talking in English and I didn´t understand all. Sometimes, when my teacher would speak in English I couldnt  understand him at all. 
And, in the second term of the year, in english phonetic, I passed with a HORRIBLE MARKS  U___U	And, in the second term of the year, in English phonetics, I passed with HORRIBLE MARKS U___U
Fortunately, now, I think my english skills have improve...	Fortunately, now, I think my English skills have improved... 
only a bit more.	but only a bit more.
Also, I'm learning japanese.	Also, I'm learning japanese.
I really love this Subject.	I really love this subject.
Since alwayas I've watched anime, doramas and listened to japanase music.	I've always watched anime, dramas, and listened to Japanese music.
So, In this last time I've enjoyed japanese.	So, I I have recently enjoyed japanese. I'm not sure if this is what you wanted to say, I'm confused as to when the phrase "in this last time" is occurring.
BUT, it's very hard : first, you MUST learn HIRAGANA and KATAKANA ( a kind of japanese writting, like simbols ), and then KANJI.	BUT, it's very hard : first, you MUST learn HIRAGANA and KATAKANA ( a kind of japanese writting, they are like simbols ), and then KANJI.
It's hard becouse you need to have A BIG MEMORY !	It's hard becouse you need to have A good MEMORY !
Well...	Well...
that's all.	that's all.
If you read this, please, HELP ME with my english.	If you read this, please, HELP ME with my English.
And japanese..	And japanese..
but..	but..
whathever.	whathever.
THANKS A LOT !	THANKS A LOT !
P.	P.
S : Sorry, I want to write more, but I don't know many english vocabulary.	S : Sorry, I want to write more, but I don't know a lot of english vocabulary.
Later, I will tray to wrote more !!	Later, I will try to wrote more !!
BYE  !	BYE  !
Water Pollution	Water Pollution
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
It's me again ^^	It's me again ^^
I have to translate from Spanish to English this text about water pollution.	I have to translate from Spanish to English this text about water pollution.
If you could help with my mistakes, I will be very thankful with you.	If you could help with my mistakes, I will be very thankful with you.
Thanks in advance!	Thanks in advance!
Water pollution	Water pollution
Water not only is an essential part of our own physical constitution and from another living being, but also contributes to the general welfare of all human activities.	Water not only is an essential part of our own physical constitution and from another living being, but also contributes to the general welfare of all human activities.
Water is almost used as an important element in any living and human being diet	Water is almost used as an important element in any living and human being diet.
Without it, live couldn’t be possible.	Without it, live couldn’t be possible.
Water that comes from superficial sources such as rivers, lakes and streams, is being badly contaminated by some human activities.	Water that comes from superficial sources such as rivers, lakes and streams, is being badly contaminated by some human activities.
Human being adds substances to water damaging its quality.	Human being adds substances to water damaging its quality.
Pollution is an indirect result from domestic, industrial and agricultural activities.	Pollution is an indirect result from domestic, industrial and agricultural activities.
Waste produced from sewer system, industries, detergents, fertilizers and pesticides that drains away from farming lands, contaminates rivers and canals.	Waste produced from sewer system, industries, detergents, fertilizers and pesticides that drains away from farming lands, contaminates rivers and canals.
When rivers are contaminated, natural vegetation disappears and the amount of oxygen decreases.	When rivers are contaminated, natural vegetation disappears and the amount of oxygen decreases.
Thus, fishes and water wildlife die.	Thus, fishes and water wildlife die.
Petroleum dumping in the sea damages most of the flora and fauna.	Petroleum dumping in the sea damages most of the flora and fauna.
Pollutants of water	Pollutants of water
1. Pathogenic microorganism responsible for: typhoid fever, typhus, hepatitis, dysentery, etc.	1. Pathogenic microorganism responsible for: typhoid fever, typhus, hepatitis, dysentery, etc.
2. Synthetic detergents rich in phosphate.	2. Synthetic detergents rich in phosphate.
3. Organic pesticides such as aldrin, dieldrin, etc.	3. Organic pesticides such as aldrin, dieldrin, etc.
4. Inorganic chemical products such as nitrate, nitrite, fluoride, arsenic, selenium, mercury.	4. Inorganic chemical products such as nitrate, nitrite, fluoride, arsenic, selenium, mercury.
5. Petroleum and their products such as tar, oils, fuels.	5. Petroleum and their products such as tar, oils, fuels.
Contaminated water becomes into a medium of infectious agents such fungus, virus, bacteria, protozoans and helminths, and also toxic substances such as pesticides, heavy metals and other chemical and organic compounds which are damaging to the health.	Contaminated water becomes into a medium of infectious agents such fungus, virus, bacteria, protozoans and helminths, and also toxic substances such as pesticides, heavy metals and other chemical and organic compounds which are damaging to the health.
Thanks in advance for correcting my translation ^^	Thanks in advance for correcting my translation ^^
Adobe Café and La Estaka are both the most popular and successful restaurants of San Pedro de Atacama.	Adobe Café and La Estaka are both the most popular and successful restaurants of San Pedro de Atacama.
Their reputation is due to its excellent gastronomy, quality and style setting by Mauricio Ciocca, a local businessman.	Their reputation is due to its excellent gastronomy, quality and style setting by Mauricio Ciocca, a local businessman.
Thus, these two gastronomic options belong to local touristic circuit and, for that reason, visitors can’t miss the opportunity of enjoying its good dishes.	Thus, these two gastronomic options belong to local touristic circuit and, for that reason, visitors can’t miss the opportunity of enjoying its good dishes.
‘Every restaurant has a hallmark that we are updating without forget the original main which consists in serving with dedication and love’, said Ciocca.	‘Every restaurant has a hallmark that we are updating without forget the original main which consists in serving with dedication and love’, said Ciocca.
La Estaka, with twenty years of existence, is the oldest restaurant of San Pedro de Atacama and offers a more elaborated and international menu in which meats and pasta predominate it and Japanese sushi has been included on it.	La Estaka, with twenty years of existence, is the oldest restaurant of San Pedro de Atacama and offers a more elaborated and international menu in which meats and pasta predominate it and Japanese sushi has been included on it.
Dishes are seasoned with some local spices and oriental dishes are prepared as well.	Dishes are seasoned with some local spices and oriental dishes are prepared as well.
The owner explains that La Estaka is characterized by ‘being a permanent art gallery’ because here it has been exhibited work of arts from different local artists.	The owner explains that La Estaka is characterized by ‘being a permanent art gallery’ because here it has been exhibited work of arts from different local artists.
-------	-------
I realized I always use the word "local" to describe that someone or something belongs to a specific place.	I realized I always use the word "local" to describe that someone or something belongs to a specific place.
Could you suggest me other word, please?	Could you suggest me other word, please?
Bye bye  ^^	Bye bye  ^^
San Pedro de Atacama	San Pedro de Atacama
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
I need your help with this translation about a Chilean destination and its descriptions.	I need your help with this translation about a Chilean destination and its descriptions.
Thanks in advance.	Thanks in advance.
I really apreciate your help.	I really apreciate your help.
.....	.....
San Pedro de Atacama	San Pedro de Atacama
To know San Pedro de Atacama and its surroundins so well it is necessary 4 or 5 days at least.	Getting to know San Pedro de Atacama and its surroundings well requires at least 4 or 5 days.
The distance of the attractions fluctuates between 1.8 and 72 miles, for which it is important to take in mind driving a car or hiring guided tours by local travel agency.	The distance of the attractions varies between 1.8 and 72 miles, for which it is important to take in mind driving a car or hiring guided tours by local travel agency.
Startig from San Pedro's square, you can visit the church, the Pade Le Paige's arqueological museum, the craft market and also go over the commercial street known as 'Caracoles', the meeting place between tourists and local people.	Starting from San Pedro's square, you can visit the church, the Pade Le Paige's archeological museum, the craft market and also go over the commercial street known as 'Caracoles', the meeting place between tourists and local people.
Very peaceful and calm area.	Very peaceful and calm area.
Duration: 1 hour	Duration: 1 hour
Valle de la luna (Moon Valley)	Valle de la luna (Moon Valley)
Located in the 'Cordillera de la Sal' area, the main appeal of this place is its similitude to the moon landscape, as a huge natural coliseum.	Located in the 'Cordillera de la Sal' area, the main appeal of this place is its similitude to the moon landscape, like a huge natural colliseum.
From a big dune, it is possible to enjoy the scenary.	From a big dune, it is possible to enjoy the scenery.
Duration: 1 and a half hour	Duration: 1 and a half hour
Distance: 9.4 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama through the way to Calama	Distance: 9.4 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama through the way to Calama
Termas de Puritama	Termas de Puritama
Big thermal bath wells produced by hot waters of Puritana river.	Big thermal bath wells produced by hot waters of Puritana river.
Located in an incredible natural beauty canyon.	Located in a canyon of incredible natural beauty.
Thermas are currently administrated by the Hotel Explora.	Thermas are currently administrated by the Hotel Explora.
Duration: 4-5 hours	Duration: 4-5 hours
Distance: 21 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama	Distance: 21 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama
Pukará de Quitor	Pukará de Quitor
Locates over Quitor hill, this fort was built by the Atacameños to protect themselves against other people who inhabitated the zone.	Locates over Quitor hill, this fort was built by the Atacameños to protect themselves against other people who inhabitated the area.
Duration: 1 hour	Duration: 1 hour
Distance: 1.8 miles away from San Pedro de Atacama	Distance: 1.8 miles away from San Pedro de Atacama
Aldea de Tutor	Aldea de Tutor
It is an ancient town from Atacam built over 2,800 years ago and was left entonbed by the sand.	It is an ancient town from Atacam built over 2,800 years ago and was left entonbed by the sand.
Now, it is possible to visit one part of the recovering buildings by a research project.	Now, it is possible to visit one part of the buildings excavated by a research project.
Duration: 1-2 hours	Duration: 1-2 hours
Distance: 7 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama	Distance: 7 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama
Toconao and Salar de Atacama	Toconao and Salar de Atacama
The 'Salar de Atacama' is located south from San Pedro, where it is possible to see Licanbour and Lascar volcanos and others trhough the way.	The 'Salar de Atacama' is located south from San Pedro, where it is possible to see Licanbour and Lascar volcanos and others on the way.
Continuing the same way, it is possible to know Tocoano's village and then the Salar once you arrived Chaxa lagoon, surrounded by flamingos.	Continuing the same way, it is possible to see Tocoano's village and then the Salar once you have arrived at Chaxa lagoon, surrounded by flamingos.
Duration: 3-4 hours	Duration: 3-4 hours
Distance: 24 miles away from San Pedro de Atacama	Distance: 24 miles away from San Pedro de Atacama
Good News !	Good News !
Before to read :	Before you read :
NOOO...	NOOO...
I had wrote a lot, but, I touch a button, AND ALL WAS ERASED !	I had written a lot, but, I clicked a button, AND ALL OF IT WAS ERASED!
Well.	Well.
Let's start !	Let's start !
These last days, I was searched some information on Internet, when, suddenly, I found a website where they said : MIYAVI is going to arrive in Chile on July !	For the last few days, I've  been searching for some information on Internet, when suddenly, I found a website that said "MIYAVI is going to be coming to Chile in July!"
I was very shocked : I LOVE MIYAVI !	I was very shocked. I LOVE MIYAVI!
He's one of my favourite J.	He's one of my favourite J.
music singers.	music singers.
The last year, on 21th May, miyavi arrived in Chile to give the first japanese concert ( with a famous japanase singer ).	Last year, on the 21st of May, Miyavi came to Chile for his first Japanese concert here ( with a famous Japanase singer ).
I remember that all his fan were very excited : first, we had to try some money to buy the tickets, and then, the concert's day, to try to find the best possition to see him !!.	I remember that all of his fans were very excited. First, we had to try to get some money to buy the tickets, and then, on the day of the concert, we had to try to find the best position to see him!!
Fortunately, the last year I had a job and I could to buy the most expensive ticket.	Fortunately, last year I had a job, so I could buy the most expensive ticket.
But now, I haven't any money to buy it.	But now, I don't have any money to buy it.
I don't know what to do.	I don't know what to do.
The best, there's  a lot of time to try recollected money...	At least there's a lot of time to try to recollect money...
Tha fist miyavi's concert was awsome : he had a DJ called Teddy Loid ( he remixs some of miyavi's songs) and some musician called KAVKI BOYS.	Miyavi's first concert was awesome! He had a DJ named Teddy Loid (he remixes some of Miyavi's songs) and a musician called KAVKI BOYS.
I hope to go at concert with my friends ( again ) ...	I hope to go to the concert with my friends ( again ) ...
and have some FUN!	and have some FUN!
P.	P.
S : also i hope that miyavi sings the day of my birthay ( July 11 )..	S : Also, i hope that Miyavi sings the day of my birthday (July 11)..
I will the happiest person inthe world !!	I will the happiest person in the world!!
Some Chilean concerts	Some Chilean concerts
I'm really sorry!	I'm really sorry!
I've forgotten to write here for a long time.	I've forgotten to write here for a long time.
What can I say?	What can I say?
Well.	Well.
I want to share with you my experiences about two of four japanese concert which was played in my country, Chile.	I want to share with you my experiences about two of four japanese concert which was played in my country, Chile.
Summary, on April of this year, An Cafe arrived for first time ever on Chile (but I don't like it, so I didn't attend it).	Summary, on April of this year, An Cafe arrived for first time ever on Chile (but I don't like it, so I didn't attend it).
The second one, was MIYAVI!!	The second one, was MIYAVI!!
I really love him.	I really love him.
It was the second time that miyavi visited my country...	It was the second time that miyavi visited my country...
and I was too happy.	and I was too happy.
With my friend, we went to the place where the concert was at 5.30 in the morning, because there are many crazy fan here (even some of them had slept aside of the theatre O.	With my friend, we went to the place where the concert was at 5.30 in the morning, because there are many crazy fan here (even some of them had slept aside of the theatre O.
O).	O).
The concert was going to start at 8.00 in the evening, so we made many effort to try don't get tired.	The concert was going to start at 8.00 in the evening, so we made many effort to try don't get tired.
The most incredible thing was we could see to Miyavi when we arrived...	The most incredible thing was we could see to Miyavi when we arrived...
VERY CLOSE!!	VERY CLOSE!!
Miyavi was sick, so he couldn't played with all his energies.	Miyavi was sick, so he couldn't played with all his energies.
But, the concert was so awesome!	But, the concert was so awesome!
He is a very talentous guitarrist and singer too, and, he knows how to do an excellent show.	He is a very talentous guitarrist and singer too, and, he knows how to do an excellent show.
Even I cried with one of his songs calles "kimi ni negai wo".	Even I cried with one of his songs calles "kimi ni negai wo".
All together sang with him.	All together sang with him.
It was a beatiful moment.	It was a beatiful moment.
The third concert was about a japanese band called MUCC.	The third concert was about a japanese band called MUCC.
As I didn't know so much about them, I didn't attend it.	As I didn't know so much about them, I didn't attend it.
And, finally, the last concert was about: DIR EN GREY!	And, finally, the last concert was about: DIR EN GREY!
This band is very known in Chile (but people who only likes japanese music, and we are not so much).	This band is very known in Chile (but people who only likes japanese music, and we are not so much).
I bought the most expensive ticket.	I bought the most expensive ticket.
But I feel that was very unfair.	But I feel that was very unfair.
I arrived to line up at 6.00 in the morning (crazy fans again) and the concert started at 9.00 in the night (it's crazyness, I know!)	I arrived to line up at 6.00 in the morning (crazy fans again) and the concert started at 9.00 in the night (it's crazyness, I know!)
And was a terrible chaos, becouse people waa very excited to see their favourites artist.	And was a terrible chaos, becouse people waa very excited to see their favourites artist.
I said, it was unfair, because when we were in VIP places (the place for people who bought the most expensive ticket), many people enter there without have this VIP ticket.	I said, it was unfair, because when we were in VIP places (the place for people who bought the most expensive ticket), many people enter there without have this VIP ticket.
I mean, for example, they showed to the staff a VIP ticket (that they obteined thanks to their friends) and said "I went to the bathroom and I have came back, so let me enter again".	I mean, for example, they showed to the staff a VIP ticket (that they obteined thanks to their friends) and said "I went to the bathroom and I have came back, so let me enter again".
Obviously, there's other many forms to enter-	Obviously, there's other many forms to enter-
But Dir en Grey's concert was really awesome too!	But Dir en Grey's concert was really awesome too!
Kyo (the singer) was a powerful voice and fans really enjoyed it.	Kyo (the singer) was a powerful voice and fans really enjoyed it.
Concert was one a half hour long (very short) but fortunately Dir en Grey played their last released album and some of their most known songs (Kodou, Obscure, The Final, for example).	Concert was one a half hour long (very short) but fortunately Dir en Grey played their last released album and some of their most known songs (Kodou, Obscure, The Final, for example).
One positive thing was the staff let us bring cameras !	One positive thing was the staff let us bring cameras !
And I took some photos :D	And I took some photos :D
I hope that you don't bored with my history.	I hope that you don't bored with my history.
Bye bye and thanks to read it.	Bye bye and thanks to read it.
A new concert	A new concert
I've known that Kagrra comes to Chile on the 20th of February since last month.	I've known that Kagrra comes to Chile on the 20th of February since last month.
So, since that time, I try to save money to go to the concert.	So, since that time, I've tried to save money to go to the concert.
Fortunately, there's a promotion about the cheapier tickets : If you and three friends buy four tickets, the 5th ticket is FREE.	Fortunately, there's a promotion about the cheaper tickets : If you and three friends buy four tickets, the 5th ticket is FREE.
My friend and me were looking for interested people in this promotion.	My friend and I were looking for interested people in this promotion.
Finally, this week, we found those people and we can buy the promotion.	Finally, this week, we found those people and we can buy the promotion.
I'm very happy, becouse it will be a draw where the people who buys this promotion, they probably will win a set of Kagrra's products ( shirts, postcards, signs of Kagrra ) and the possibility to have a meeting with them.	I'm very happy, because there will be a draw where the people bought this promotion.And the winner  will win a set of Kagrra's products ( shirts, postcards, signs of Kagrra ) and the possibility to have a meeting with them.
I'm very excited of this,  ¡ and I really hope to win it !	I'm very excited of this,  ¡ and I really hope to win it !
Ah !	Ah !
And another information : Becouse I bougth the ticket, I have a 5% discount to buy the next Miyavi concert  ticket !!	And another great thing : Because I bought the ticket, I have a 5% discount when purchasing the next Miyavi concert ticket !!
¡ It's too much hapinness !	 It's too much happinness !
I just want to have a part time job.	I just want to have a part time job.
I need the money !	I need the money !
When I start the university, I couldn't work, I won't have any time to do this	When I start  university I can't work, I won't have any time to do this!
Bullying in schools	Bullying in schools
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
This is my essay for English class and it is my opinion about bullying in schools.	This is my essay for English class and it is my opinion about bullying in schools.
What is happening with our students today?	What is happening with our students today?
When you are watching the news on TV, you can’t believe that the number of cases of bullying is out of control.	When you are watching the news on TV, the number of cases of bullying is unbelievable. 
For this terrible situation, families and authorities should take actions to prevent bullying in schools.	Families and authorities should take actions to prevent this terrible situation.
All what people learn, either it is good or bad, come from every family or school.	Behavior (good or bad) is learned mostly from the behavior of family members and friends.
When students learn bad habits as bullying, they tend to think it is the appropriate way to solve their problems and then, they feel comfortable with themselves.	When students learn bad habits such as bullying, they tend to think it is the appropriate way to solve their problems and they begin to feel comfortable with their actions.
Without any measure, a future high level of cases of bullying can lead into dreadful consequences such as students suffering from depression, lack of motivation, even thinking about committing suicide.	Without correction, a future high level of cases of bullying can lead to dreadful consequences such as students suffering from depression, lack of motivation, even thinking about committing suicide.
First, people learn some unconscious habits from their own families and schools	First, people learn behavior from their families and schools.
For example, if children grew up in a toxic environment where parents are usually arguing, then they will probably learn this kind of behaviors.	For example, if children grew up in an unhappy environment where their parents are usually arguing, then they will probably learn these types of behavior themselves.
Similarly, bullying is the same case but in schools.	Bullying, similarly, is learned in much the same way in schools.
Bullying is a learned behavior which students imitate another horrendous classmate’s behaviors such as insulting or hitting friends.	Bullying is a learned behavior which students imitate another horrendous classmate’s behaviors such as insulting or hitting friends.
According to British website ‘BullyingUK’, one of the reasons behind bullying is that students are involved in a culture of aggression.	According to British website ‘BullyingUK’, one of the reasons behind bullying is that students are involved in a culture of aggression.
These actions cause bullying and nobody stops it.	These actions cause bullying and no one stops it.
Second, students think that they can control their own problems and their classmates in a harmful way.	Second, students think that they can control their problems and classmates in an abusive way.
There are an incredible number of videos on Internet where students are hitting, kicking, pushing, shoving or making someone do something they don’t want to do	There are an incredible number of videos on Internet where students are hitting, kicking, pushing, shoving or making someone do something they don’t want to do.
Truly, they do these abusive actions in order to feel superior to others or to be more popular.	Truly, they do these abusive actions in order to feel superior to others or to be more popular.
Finally, the increase of the number of cases of bullying is alarming.	Finally, the increase of the number of cases of bullying is alarming.
Those who are being bullied or are ‘targets’ prefer to stay in home due to the fear of being bullied and then, they suffer from depression.	Those who are being bullied or are ‘targets’ prefer to stay at home due to the fear of being bullied and they often suffer from depression.
In fact, the worst they can do is to commit suicide.	The worst outcome of bullying is when a student's depression leads them to commit suicide.
One dreadful example was a Chilean student of 15 years called Jordan, who committed suicide by hanging himself after being mugged in his school by a classmate.	One dreadful example was a 15 year old Chilean student named Jordan, who committed suicide by hanging himself after being mugged in his school by a classmate.
These are some consequences of bullying and, unfortunately will be increasing if the community doesn’t intervene in this awful problem.	These are some consequences of bullying which; unfortunately, will be increasing if the community doesn’t intervene in this awful problem.
For these reasons, it is important that families and authorities take actions to prevent or to stop bullying soon.	For these reasons, it is important that families and authorities take actions to prevent or to stop bullying soon.
Students sometimes learn bad habits from their own friends and families.	Students sometimes learn bad habits from their own friends and families.
Therefore, if they are not educated, they will think that it is correct solving problems by this harmful way.	Therefore, if they are not educated, they will think that it is correct to solve problems in this harmful way.
Nowadays, the level of cases of bullying in school is increasing at an alarming speed because nobody is taking any measure to stop bullying.	Nowadays, the level of cases of bullying in school is increasing at an alarming speed because nobody is taking any measure to stop bullying.
Today is the beginning, but tomorrow could be too late.	Today is the beginning, but tomorrow could be too late.
Somethings ..	Somethings ..
I sometimes think : " I cannot do this, to get on to study many languages ".	I sometimes think: "I cannot do this, to try and study many languages ".
¿ Why do I say this one ?	Why do I say this?
Becouse sometimes, I forget some words in other languages, or I can't  translate some information in foreign languagues.	Because sometimes, I forget some words in other languages, or I can't translate some information in foreign languages.
I have lately red many things in English : songs, mangas, or I try to read histories in English and it's very hard.	I have read many things in English lately: songs, mangas, or I try to read stories in English and it's very hard.
It sounds like very depressive ( I know it  !!	It sounds very depressing ( I know it !!
>-< ), but ..	>-< ), but ..
I don't know ...	I don't know ...
I must try to efford myself a lot !!!	I must try to make a lot of effort!!!
To try to learn another language is very difficult, but, I have to get on in my studies !	To try to learn another language is very difficult, but, I have to get on in my studies !
I'd really like learn faster !	I'd really like learn faster !
>.<	>.<
But, I need more energy, motivation, efford !	But I need more energy, motivation, effort!
In the future, probably I will know English very well, ( the Japanese too ).	In the future, probably I will know English very well ( Japanese too ).
Later, maybe I will be more relax and happy, becouse all my effords will give great results !	Later, maybe I will be more relaxed and happy, because all my efforts will give great results !
Thanks for read this text ^^	Thanks for reading this text ^^
Bye !	Bye !
Te concert was canceled	The concert was canceled
This week, all going on very well..	This week, everything is going very well..
But, this last wednesday, I knew by Internet that the kagrra's concert was canceled becouse there was a problem with somes visas U__U	But last Wednesday, I learned by Internet that Kagrra's concert was canceled because there was a problem with some visas. U__U
I was excited, I really like Kagrra U_U.	I was excited, I really like Kagrra. U_U
It's very sad.	It's very sad.
I have to go to take my tickets backs tomorrow, becouse the kagrra's organization bring the money back.	I have to take my tickets back tomorrow, because Kagrra's organization will give a refund.
I'm very sad.	I'm very sad.
Introducing myself	Introducing myself
Hello everyone :) My name is María Jesús, a.	Hello everyone :) My name is María Jesús, a.
k.	k.
a Mapachita.	a Mapachita.
I'm 20 years old and I live in chile.	I'm 20 years old and I live in Chile.
I study English pedagogy at university of magallanes and i'm in first year.	I study English Pedagogy at the University of Magallanes and i'm in my first year.
I have a little daughter, her name is Victoria Isabel.	I have a little daughter, her name is Victoria Isabel.
You can see her at my profile photo :3	You can see her in my profile photo :3
You can see her at my profile photo :3	You can see her in my profile photo :3
I decided to join this community because I want to improve my English and to have the chance to speak with native speakers.	I decided to join this community because I want to improve my English and have the chance to speak with native speakers.
I decided to join this community because I want to improve my English and to have the chance to speak with native speakers.	I decided to join this community because I want to improve my English, and to have the chance to speak with native speakers.
I'm also learning japanese, but for some strange reason I can't install the option to write in japanese in my computer...	I'm also learning Japanese, but for some strange reason I can't install the option to write in Japanese on my computer...
so xD	so xD
Thank you for reading :D 	Thank you for reading :D 
See you later.	See you later.
Traslate this	Traslate this
How a girl's stark words got lost in the spectacle.	How a girl's stark words got lost in the spectacle.
Cabezon	Cabezon
h	h
Traslate	Traslate
Browning the church	Browning the church
My first  entry.	My first  entry.
Hello everybody..	Hello everyone..
This is my first entry in Lang-8 so I won´t strain myself too much in the writing length.	This is my first entry on Lang-8, so I won´t strain myself too much in the writing length.
This is my first entry in Lang-8 so I won´t strain myself too much in the writing length.	This is my first entry in Lang-8 so I won´t strain myself by writing too much.
I'll do a brief persentation..	I'll do a brief presentation..
My name is Sebastián,I´m 33 and from Argentina.	My name is Sebastián, I´m 33 and I'm from Argentina.
I live in Rosario, wich is a nice city about 300 kilometers from Buenos Aires ( Argentina´s capital )and wich have around 2.000.000 habitants.	I live in Rosario, wich is a nice city about 300 kilometers from Buenos Aires (Argentina´s capital), which has around 2,000,000 inhabitants.
I live in Rosario, wich is a nice city about 300 kilometers from Buenos Aires ( Argentina´s capital )and wich have around 2.000.000 habitants.	I live in Rosario, which is a nice city about 300 kilometers from Buenos Aires ( Argentina´s capital ) and which has around 2.000.000 inhabitants.
I´m a musician, a doubble bass player and also work in a perfumery wich I own with my mother and sister.	I´m a musician, a double bass player and also work in a perfumery wich I own with my mother and sister.
I´m a musician, a doubble bass player and also work in a perfumery wich I own with my mother and sister.	I´m a musician, a double bass player and I also work in a perfumery which I own with my mother and sister.
Owed to it´s very close to home we haven´t got to travel, and plus we only work four to six hours a day  allows us to have enough free time to do other activities.	it´s very close to home so we don't have to travel far. Plus, we only work four to six hours a day, which allows us to have enough free time to do other activities.
Owed to it´s very close to home we haven´t got to travel, and plus we only work four to six hours a day  allows us to have enough free time to do other activities.	Since it´s very close to home we haven´t got to travel; plus we only work four to six hours a day, which allows us to have enough free time to do other activities.
As a musician I play in differet groups, most of them jazz and tango groups.	As a musician I play in differet groups, mostly jazz and tango ones .
With one of them we´ll be presenting the second cd in march 12th.	In one of them we´ll be presenting the second cd on March 12th.
I´m so glad about it!	I´m so happy about it!
It´s modern tango music but I  also like another kind of music as rock or classical music.	It´s modern tango music, but I also like other kinds of music like rock or classical .
The reason why I started to study english is that I want to apply for a work in a cruise and I need english for that.	The reason I started to study English is because I want to apply to work on a cruise ship and I need English for that.
That´s all by the moment.	That´s all for the moment.
I´ll be around here.	I´ll be around here.
Greetings to all.	Greetings to all.
Sebastián	Sebastián
Just an entry	Just an entry
Hi, everyone!	Hi, everyone!
:D!	:D!
I hadn't written here in a while.	I hadn't written here in a while.
Now, I'm on vacations.	Now, I'm on vacation.
I haven't done anything  extraordinary since I was sick until few days ago.	I haven't done anything extraordinary since I was sick, until a few days ago.
What I did -and was really nice-, was going to a rock concert from a local band	What I did - and it was really nice - was go to a rock concert performed by local band.
They turned out to be awesome.	They turned out to be awesome.
I had listened to their previous records, and knew some of their songs by heart, but being there was just unexpectedly great.	I had listened to their previous records, and knew some of their songs by heart, but being there was just unexpectedly great.
They're called "Caramelos de cianuro" (Cyanide candies) and here: http://www.caramelosdecianuro.net/ you can listen to some of their recent tracks, really nice, in my opinion.	They're called "Caramelos de cianuro" (Cyanide candies) and here: http://www.caramelosdecianuro.net/ you can listen to some of their recent tracks; they're really nice, in my opinion.
Hope everyone is having fun on summer!	Hope everyone is having fun n summer!
-Indramon	-Indramon
South park episode from last night :D	South park episode from last night :D
Yesterday i watched an episode from south park, it was pretty cool :) it was about that TV show called nanny 911.	Yesterday i watched an episode from south park, it was pretty cool :) it was about that TV show called nanny 911.
Cartman was having a really bad behaviour and for that reason his mother decided to call a nanny to help her, unfortunately, the nanny went mad and there was no hope for cartman xD after all the "dog whisperer" went to their house and began to turn eric into a good boy, but when everything seem to be perfect, sheila -eric's mother- had a crush on the dog whisperer, but he go away, so she depressed and failed at changing cartman at all ;(	Cartman was having a really bad behaviour and for that reason his mother decided to call a nanny to help her, unfortunately, the nanny went mad and there was no hope for cartman xD after all the "dog whisperer" went to their house and began to turn eric into a good boy, but when everything seem to be perfect, sheila -eric's mother- had a crush on the dog whisperer, but he go away, so she depressed and failed at changing cartman at all ;(
South park episode from last night :D	South park episode from last night :D
Yesterday i watched an episode from south park, it was pretty cool :) it was about that TV show called nanny 911.	Yesterday i watched an episode from south park, it was pretty cool :) it was about that TV show called nanny 911.
Cartman was having a really bad behaviour and for that reason his mother decided to call a nanny to help her, unfortunately, the nanny went mad and there was no hope for cartman xD after all the "dog whisperer" went to their house and began to turn eric into a good boy, but when everything seem to be perfect, sheila -eric's mother- had a crush on the dog whisperer, but he go away, so she depressed and failed at changing cartman at all ;(	Cartman was having a really bad behaviour and for that reason his mother decided to call a nanny to help her, unfortunately, the nanny went mad and there was no hope for cartman xD after all the "dog whisperer" went to their house and began to turn eric into a good boy, but when everything seem to be perfect, sheila -eric's mother- had a crush on the dog whisperer, but he go away, so she depressed and failed at changing cartman at all ;(
i want to improve my english	i want to improve my english
well......	well......
i can say.....	i can say.....
im from mexico n i've some problems with the language coz i want to practices a lot n that's the reason look for a page at which help me.	im from mexico n i've some problems with the language coz i want to practices a lot n that's the reason look for a page at which help me.
i'd a friend she's from UK but she's not here anymore ......	i'd a friend she's from UK but she's not here anymore ......
it's like saying im not help	it's like saying im not help
so friend please add me n help meee 	so friend please add me n help meee 
My childhood stayed there	My childhood stayed there
My childhood stayed there, not in the classrooms neither in the corridors, but among the clouds of dust that were rising over the schoolyard.	My childhood stayed there, not in the classrooms neither in the corridors, but among the clouds of dust that were rising over the schoolyard.
There stayed the sun, round and yellow, that lighted eternal hours, the youth of my parents and the maturity of my grandparents; there stayed my innocence, the baby Jesus and the stork that was bringing the children flying.	There stayed the sun, round and yellow, that lighted eternal hours, the youth of my parents and the maturity of my grandparents; there stayed my innocence, the baby Jesus and the stork that was bringing the children flying.
Stayed there; my first love and my first disappointment.	Stayed there; my first love and my first disappointment.
My first fight and my first fear.	My first fight and my first fear.
Stayed there; the death of my loved classmate’s mother and my uncle Julio; the crystal marble, the electric train and the bicycle that with all her love my grandmother gave me; an open smile, a sincere hope, the faith.	Stayed there; the death of my loved classmate’s mother and my uncle Julio; the crystal marble, the electric train and the bicycle that with all her love my grandmother gave me; an open smile, a sincere hope, the faith.
Stayed there the projected future of my life, stayed there my childhood.	Stayed there the projected future of my life, stayed there my childhood.
Stayed there, floating among the clouds of dust in that schoolyard.	Stayed there, floating among the clouds of dust in that schoolyard.
The Discovery of America	The Discovery of America
The expression the discovery of America is usually used to refer to a Spanish expeditionary group that arrived to America representing to the Catholic Monarchs of Castile and Aragon, departing from Port of Palos, commanded by Christopher Columbus and arrived on Friday 12th of 1492 to an island of the Caribbean Sea, called Guanahani.	The expression "the discovery of America" is usually used to refer to a Spanish expeditionary group that sailed to America representing to the Catholic Monarchs of Castile and Aragon. They departed from Port of Palos, commanded by Christopher Columbus and arrived on Friday 12th of October, 1492 at an island of the Caribbean Sea, called Guanahani.
The expression the discovery of America is usually used to refer to a Spanish expeditionary group that arrived to America representing to the Catholic Monarchs of Castile and Aragon, departing from Port of Palos, commanded by Christopher Columbus and arrived on Friday 12th of 1492 to an island of the Caribbean Sea, called Guanahani.	The discovery of America is usually used to refer to a Spanish expeditionary group that arrived in America representing the Catholic Monarchs of Castille and Aragon, departing from Port of Palos. It was commanded by Christopher Columbus and arrived on Friday 12th, 1492 on an island in the Caribbean Sea called Guanahani.
The expression the discovery of America is usually used to refer to a Spanish expeditionary group that arrived to America representing to the Catholic Monarchs of Castile and Aragon, departing from Port of Palos, commanded by Christopher Columbus and arrived on Friday 12th of 1492 to an island of the Caribbean Sea, called Guanahani.	to refer to a Spanish expeditionary.... The way you are phrasing this is awkward. It would be better to say: "When people refer to the discovery of America, they usually refer to the Spanish.... " Or you could say: "In the minds of most people, America was discovered by a Spanish..." There are many ways of saying the same thing, but be careful with using the passive tense.
Christopher Columbus believed that he had arrived to the Asian Continent, called by Europeans “Indias” and he died without knowing that in reality had arrived to an unknown continent.	Christopher Columbus believed that he had arrived at the Asian Continent, called by Europeans “Indias”, and he died without knowing that in reality had arrived at an unknown continent.
Christopher Columbus believed that he had arrived to the Asian Continent, called by Europeans “Indias” and he died without knowing that in reality had arrived to an unknown continent.	Christopher Columbus believed that he had arrived on the Asian Continent, called  “Indias” by Europeans, and he died without knowing that in reality he had discovered an unknown continent.
Park part 3	Park part 3
Close to her there is a middle-age man with five small dogs, every morning he has a walk with his dogs.	Close to her there is a middle-age man with five small dogs, every morning he has a walk with his dogs.
He loves dogs more than everything in the world.	He loves dogs more than everything in the world.
In his house there is a special room for the dogs with all that a man would like to have.	In his house there is a special room for the dogs with all that a man would like to have.
What luck that this dogs have!	What luck that this dogs have!
Don’t you think so?	Don’t you think so?
Park part 2	Park part 2
On the bench there is an old lady, she maybe be 85 years old, has no family because she is the only daughter and is not married so has no children.	On the bench there is an old lady. She may be 85 years old and has no family because she is an only child and has not got married, so she has no children.
The few relative she had, passed away in the war.	The few relatives she had, passed away in the war.
However, she has a lot of money but does not say it to anyone because is afraid of meeting a malicious person, anyway she would like to leave her heritage to someone who really cares about her.	However, she has a lot of money but does not say it to anyone because she is afraid of meeting a malicious person,. Anyway she would like to leave her heritage to someone who really cares about her.
Knowing yourself (Part 2)	Knowing yourself (Part 2)
The self-awareness is an ability that let us control our feelings and adjust them to the circumstances of each moment.	Self-awareness is an ability that lets us control our feelings and adjust them to the circumstances of each moment.
We should have the ability to calm down and get rid of the anxiety, sadness or irritability.	We should have the ability to calm down and get rid of anxiety, sadness, or irritability.
People lacking this ability, face up unpleasant tensions which destabilize and torture their inner conditions.	People lacking this ability face unpleasant tensions which destabilize and torture their inner conditions.
Those with this ability recover faster form the setbacks in life	Those with this ability recover faster from the setbacks in life
Park part 1	Park part 1
Today is Sunday and I want to go to the park and get same fresh air.	Today is Sunday and I want to go to the park and get same fresh air.
As all Sundays there are many people in the park, each person has a different life and all come here to relax a little after a long working week.	As all Sundays there are many people in the park, each person has a different life and all come here to relax a little after a long working week.
Some others only want to have a walk.	Some others only want to have a walk.
The man with a white t-shirt is listening to the music while does exercises; now he is very sad, because his girlfriend has left him.	The man with a white t-shirt is listening to the music while does exercises; now he is very sad, because his girlfriend has left him.
He has been changed by a younger and richer man.	He has been changed by a younger and richer man.
What a pity!	What a pity!
On the other side there are a guy and a girl very happy, they just have meet two weeks ago, that is why now there are only hearts around them.	On the other side there are a guy and a girl very happy, they just have meet two weeks ago, that is why now there are only hearts around them.
Oh life is beautiful!	Oh life is beautiful!
Regarding the Spanish Language	Regarding the Spanish Language
The Spanish language is extended nowadays for the whole planet; it is the second most important language of the world and the third most spoken, with 400 millions native speakers.	Nowadays, the Spanish language is extended over the whole planet; it is the second most important language of the world and the third most spoken, with 400 millions native speakers.
The Spanish language is extended nowadays for the whole planet; it is the second most important language of the world and the third most spoken, with 400 millions native speakers.	Today the Spanish language has extended throughout the planet; it is the world's second most important language and the third most spoken, with 400 million native speakers.
Spanish as is known now it’s a fruit of decanting of more than a millennium, along of which the diverse languages of the Iberian Peninsula population have been modifying by roman, Gothic and Arabian invaders’ influence.	Spanish, as it is known now, is the fruit of coalescence over more than a millennium, along of which the diverse languages of the Iberian Peninsula population had been modified by the Roman, Gothic and Arabian invaders’ influence.
Spanish as is known now it’s a fruit of decanting of more than a millennium, along of which the diverse languages of the Iberian Peninsula population have been modifying by roman, Gothic and Arabian invaders’ influence.	Spanish as it is known today is the fruit of more than a millennium of development, in the course of which the diverse languages of the Iberian Peninsula population have been modified by the influence of Roman, Gothic and Arabian invaders.
Toward the end of the XV century, with the union of Castile and Aragon that extended their control over the most parts of the peninsula, the Spanish language had been imposing over other languages and dialects and crossed the Atlantic through discovers, conquers and missionaries.	Toward the end of the XV century, with the union of Castile and Aragon that extended their control over most of the peninsula, the Spanish language had been imposing over other languages and dialects and crossed the Atlantic for discoveries, conquering new lands, and building missionaries.
Toward the end of the XV century, with the union of Castile and Aragon that extended their control over the most parts of the peninsula, the Spanish language had been imposing over other languages and dialects and crossed the Atlantic through discovers, conquers and missionaries.	Towards the end of the 15th century, with the union of Castile and Aragon which extended their control to most parts of the peninsula, the Spanish language began imposing itself over other languages and dialects and crossed the Atlantic through discovery, conquest, and the work of missionaries.
Resilience: How to confront misfortune and adversity?Part 1	Resilience: How to confront misfortune and adversity? Part 1
Ｉｔ　is not　clear yet among researchers what are the qualities that for people in situations without hope at all, like stories related to cancer, dead of loved people, company bankruptcy, sudden unemployment, disappointed love or people with stories of alcoholic or addicted to drug parents survive and get through difficult situations.	It is not yet clear to researchers what are the qualities that allow people to survive and  cope with such apparently hopeless situations as the onset of cancer, the death of a loved one, bankruptcy, sudden unemployment, disappointed love, or the experience of alcoholism or drug addiction in a  family member.
They believed it is a result of particular ability to survive (resilience) without letting this situations drown and drag them to the bottom.	They believe it to be the result of resilience: the particular ability of those who possess it to survive a situation of this kind without letting it overcome them and drag them down.
Knowing yourself (Part 1)	Knowing yourself (Part 1)
The ability of knowing yourself.	The ability to know yourself.
The fruit of the own knowledge prepares us to establish contact with our own feelings, differentiate them in order to guide our behavior.	The fruit of self-knowledge is that it prepares us to establish contact with our own feelings, differentiate them in order to guide our behavior.
This ability of recognizing our feelings is the cornerstone of emotional intelligence.	This ability to recognize our feelings is the cornerstone of emotional intelligence.
Its verification is obtained by subjective introspection that let us follow our feelings with attention.	Its verification is obtained by subjective introspection that lets us follow our feelings with attention.
People, who have more comprehension and a better clear certainty of their feelings, know better their own lives.	Those who have more comprehension and a better, clearer certainty of their feelings, understand their own lives better.
English grammar	English grammar
Once somebody told me.	Once somebody told me.
You know why you are having problems with english gramar.?I asked why.?	"You know why you are having problems with english grammar?" I asked, "Why?"
"She said, the reason is that you are thinking in spanis, that is why." You know what.?	She said, "The reason is that you are thinking in Spanish, that is why." You know what?
She was right, so i`m going stop doing that, this will be my first journal without any help.	She was right, so I`m going stop doing that, and this will be my first journal without any help.
I thik evereting is going to be just fine.!	I think everything is going to be just fine!
Since i started  with english grammar, like one week ago.	Since I started with English grammar, like one week ago.
I have been having  progres, now i feel more confortable talking with people whose native lenguage is english.	I have been making progress now I feel more comfortable talking with people whose native language is English.
I know it is going to be a long way, "but i`m ready,"i can faced.	I know it is going to be a long way, but I'm ready for it. I can face it!
Hey!!	Hey!!
Hi everyone!!	Hi everyone!!
My name is Carmen Anahis Rodriguez Cervantes :).	My name is Carmen Anahis Rodriguez Cervantes :).
I am 19 years old, and  I am from Cd.	I am 19 years old, and  I am from Cd.
Mante Tamaulipas.	Mante Tamaulipas.
I am studying a BA in Applied Linguitics!I love jut to have fun and spend time with my friends.	I am studying to get myBA in Applied Linguistics! I love to just have fun and spend time with my friends.
I am creating this site for the educational purposes!!	I am creating this site for educational purposes!!
Walking by the life 	Walking by life 
Walking by the life one finds so many things.	Walking by life one finds so many things.
bays of hopes, tunnels of pessimism, forest of fears and beaches of enthusiasm, going on pilgrimage by this existence, oneself discovers alleys without exit, beautiful combats and mistaken trenches, surprises that teach and absences that are appreciated; walking consciously by the life, we go becoming new apprentices, of those that always found  teachers and opportune teachings.	bays of hopes, tunnels of pessimism, forest of fears and beaches of enthusiasm, going on a pilgrimage by this existence, oneself discovers alleys without exit, beautiful combats and mistaken trenches, surprises that teach and absences that are appreciated; walking consciously by the life, we go becoming new apprentices, of those that always found  teachers and opportune teachings.
i will preserve the good apprentice, so that the life continues being my best school……	i will preserve the good apprentice, so that life continues being my best school……
I created a new group here in Lang-8 (which is a great site).	I have created a new group here in Lang-8 (which is a great site).
This group is only about Spanish.	This group is only about Spanish.
The topics will be about thing you my already have learnt in class but also about thing that you only can hear in real situations.	The topics will be about things you my already have learnt in class and also about things that you only can hear in real situations.
This are thing that I speak in Mexico every day and you can read or learn in textbooks.	These are things that I speak about in Mexico every day and you can read or learn in textbooks.
I am mexican so the only thing I can write about is mexican stuff, not about Spain or somewhere else.	I am mexican so the only thing I can write about is mexican stuff, not about Spain or somewhere else.
Join now, and enjoy of everyday Spanish.	Join now, and enjoy everyday Spanish.
Hi all!	Hi all!
Could you please help me with some parts of this sentences.!	Could you please help me with some parts of this sentences.!
and what is its function.	and what is its function.
Please help with this one.	Please help with this one.
Could you people help me with this grammatical parts that I don´t understand.!!	Could you people help me with this grammatical parts that I don´t understand.!!!
Thanks!!!	Thanks!!!
Hi all!.	Hi all!.
Today was a bad day also.	Today was a bad day also.
This morning while I was talking with my friends one of them said "hey, Trinidad is over there".	This morning while I was talking with my friends one of them said "hey, Trinidad is over there".
Then I said; she is with her friends and seems a little bit busy.	Then I said; she is with her friends and seems a little bit busy.
So, Elizabeth(one of my friends) said that she will go to talk to Trinidad ang come back WITH HER.	So, Elizabeth(one of my friends) said that she will go to talk to Trinidad ang come back WITH HER.
I told her: Nooo!	I told her: Nooo!
Don´t you dare!, but she BROUGHT HER.	Don´t you dare!, but she BROUGHT HER.
Then I told her "hi, how are you"?	Then I told her "hi, how are you"?
I am good, what about you she said.	I am good, what about you she said.
I am good.	I am good.
I am sorry she said, i am a little busy right now and I have class as well so i have to go.	I am sorry she said, i am a little busy right now and I have class as well so i have to go.
Yeah, it´s ok.	Yeah, it´s ok.
We can talk next time.	We can talk next time.
She went to class and I stayed in front of the cafeteria.	She went to class and I stayed in front of the cafeteria.
After that, my friends were laughing about me.	After that, my friends were laughing about me.
I said that Elizabeth was a idiot.	I said that Elizabeth was a idiot.
Then after 2 hours i gave her a lotus origami flower when I saw her.	Then after 2 hours i gave her a lotus origami flower when I saw her.
Thanks she said.	Thanks she said.
Now this thing was stupid.	Now this thing was stupid.
Need? Japanese help with help.	Need? Japanese help with help.
I was studying my book when I found out that these two sentences have the same meaning, "help", but one is different from the other because it has different kanji.	I was studying my book when I found out that these two sentences have the same meaning, "help", but one is different from the other because it has different kanji.
In the first one you see that there is only "iru" and  in the second you can see that it is with "hitsuyou", but both meaning the same.	In the first one you see that there is only "iru" and  in the second you can see that it is with "hitsuyou", but both meaning the same.
Also when I looked into the dictionary (jisho.	Also when I looked into the dictionary (jisho.
org) for the word help it appeared me that there are 3 ways to say it with the same pronunciation.	org) for the word help it appeared me that there are 3 ways to say it with the same pronunciation.
What is the diference between those three.?	What is the diference between those three.?
Please give some examples in context.	Please give some examples in context.
This is my dairy.	This is my dairy.
This dairy is about my life but I call this dairy "love"	This dairy is about my life but I call this dairy "love"
I will write here about the new girl I saw.	I will write here about the new girl I saw.
This week I saw her, this woman is really beautiful and I like her.	This week I saw her, this woman is really beautiful and I like her.
But today I couldn´t talk to her.	But today I couldn´t talk to her.
Therefore next week I will talk to her.	Therefore next week I will talk to her.
Present Field of Study	Present Field of Study
Graduated from the Department of Languages of the Autonomous University of the State of Mexico, B.	Graduated from the Department of Languages of the Autonomous University of the State of Mexico, B.
A.	A.
in Languages with a major in English Translation.	in Languages with a major in English Translation.
The area of my degree is Humanities, divided in four different but clearly close related; Translation, Teaching, Literature and Linguistics.	The area of my degree is Humanities, divided in four different but clearly close related; Translation, Teaching, Literature and Linguistics.
Through the first year I was introduced to topics about linguistics and Mexican culture, stating since the very beginning what would be for the whole degree the main idea: language is liked to culture in all aspects.	Through the first year I was introduced to topics about linguistics and Mexican culture, stating since the very beginning what would be for the whole degree the main idea: language is liked to culture in all aspects.
Therefore by reinforcing our culture the courses improve in a second level our native language abilities.	Therefore by reinforcing our culture the courses improve in a second level our native language abilities.
Afterwards during the second and third years I attended to more specific courses that dealt with key points in the language learning process; from learning what is a word, in courses such as Morphosintaxys and Sociolinguistics, to the difference between two words with different morpheme and different meaning but same pronunciation (homophones), in courses like Phonetics and Phonology.	Afterwards during the second and third years I attended to more specific courses that dealt with key points in the language learning process; from learning what is a word, in courses such as Morphosintaxys and Sociolinguistics, to the difference between two words with different morpheme and different meaning but same pronunciation (homophones), in courses like Phonetics and Phonology.
In the mean while I took courses such as Public Speech and Language and Communication that dealt more with the issues about how people uses the language in a non control environment.	In the mean while I took courses such as Public Speech and Language and Communication that dealt more with the issues about how people uses the language in a non control environment.
The latter taught me the basis for understanding how the language can modify ones personality and vice versa, as well as the differences between learning a language inside the classroom and outside where there is no control or the idiom; distinction between to learn and to acquire.	The latter taught me the basis for understanding how the language can modify ones personality and vice versa, as well as the differences between learning a language inside the classroom and outside where there is no control or the idiom; distinction between to learn and to acquire.
Just like the degree requests it, during the first three years I received the basis of teaching and translation with courses like Teaching a Second Language, Language Acquisition and as for translation; Literary Translation, Technical and Scientific Translation, News Translation among others.	Just like the degree requests it, during the first three years I received the basis of teaching and translation with courses like Teaching a Second Language, Language Acquisition and as for translation; Literary Translation, Technical and Scientific Translation, News Translation among others.
At the end of the third year I decided to take my degree into the translation field.	At the end of the third year I decided to take my degree into the translation field.
I attended to courses of dubbing and subtitling as well as interpreting where I received specific orientation in the differences of such topics and the relation these share in some points.	I attended to courses of dubbing and subtitling as well as interpreting where I received specific orientation in the differences of such topics and the relation these share in some points.
In the Literature area, we analyzed several major novels that had have an impact in their moment and that nowadays they are still affecting the way people thing.	In the Literature area, we analyzed several major novels that had have an impact in their moment and that nowadays they are still affecting the way people thing.
In the relation between Literature and Translation we compared translations of books into different languages and how these translations affect the society that reads them using different types of translation; Modulation, Transposition, Literal Translation and Adaptation.	In the relation between Literature and Translation we compared translations of books into different languages and how these translations affect the society that reads them using different types of translation; Modulation, Transposition, Literal Translation and Adaptation.
I deeply analyzed the pros and cons of Simultaneous and Continuous interpretation noticing the difference between translation and interpreting and making a close investigation of which is the best technique for every occasion.	I deeply analyzed the pros and cons of Simultaneous and Continuous interpretation noticing the difference between translation and interpreting and making a close investigation of which is the best technique for every occasion.
URGENT!!! Please correct me this.	URGENT!!! Please correct this for me.
When I was younger perhaps 10 or 11 year old I used to belive as the other kids in "Los Reyes Magos".(http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reyes_magos)  You know, you are a child, you don´t really think about what is  real or not.	When I was younger perhaps 10 or 11 year old I used to belive as the other kids in "Los Reyes Magos".(http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reyes_magos)  You know, you are a child, you don´t really think about what is  real or not.
I mean you think you can do everything you watch on the T.	I mean you think you can do everything you watch on the T.
V.	V.
Well the point is that in that Japnuary 5th I went to bed and like always in every January 5th go to sleep was harder than ever.	Well the point is that on that January 5th I went to bed and like always on every January 5th going to sleep was harder than ever.
I mean you know that you are going to recieve presents and you want to meet the people that left the presents below the Cristhmas´ Tree.	I mean you know that you are going to recieve presents and you want to meet the people that left the presents below the Christmas Tree.
So I went to sleep when my mother told me off that if I did´nt do that "Los Reyes Magos" wouldn´t come.	So I went to sleep when my mother told me off, saying that if I didn't do that "Los Reyes Magos" wouldn´t come.
Next morning I wake up, (earlier than I used to do it) I went to the living room, and  what was my surprise of a massive hourse´poop in the middle of the living room.	The next morning I woke up, (earlier than I usually did) I went to the living room, and was quite surprised by a massive horse poop in the middle of the living room.
( it was still fresh by the way)	( it was still fresh by the way)
I was amazed about it, I mean the present wasn´t important now, the huge poop was!!!.	I was amazed by it. I mean the present wasn´t important now, the huge poop was!!!.
After I saw it, my brother and I went screaming back to my parents´ bedroom "Mom!!	After I saw it, my brother and I went screaming back to my parents´ bedroom "Mom!!
Mom!!, the hourse made poop in the living room.	Mom!!, the horse made poop in the living room.
The whenwe came back the poop was gone, like if some sort of magic would made dissapear the poop.	Then when we came back the poop was gone, as if some sort of magic could have made the poop disappear .
So then you do believe that the 3 people existed, what another explanation can you make, I mean how can a poop appear in the middle of your living room.	So then you do believe that these 3 people existed, what other explanation can you make. I mean how can poop appear in the middle of your living room?
A few years later, my dad told us that he put it there the night before we went to bed.	A few years later, my dad told us that he put it there that night before we went to bed. 
Thanks to all!!!!	Thanks to all!!!!
Thanks for correcting this!!!	Thanks for correcting this!!!
(This is going to be some sort of speech, so if you can change some words so it could sound better DO it please.!!!)	(This is going to be some sort of speech, so if you can change some words so it could sound better DO it please.!!!)
Every thing starts from....stupidness. The story of my life. Part 1.	Every thing starts from....stupidness. The story of my life. Part 1.
When I was younger I used to love girl, brown hair, tall, green eyes, smart, and partially stuck up.	When I was younger I used to love a girl, brown hair, tall, green eyes, smart, and partially stuck up.
I was in heaven always I saw her but something told me that she was not for me.	I was in heaven when I saw her but something told me that she was not for me.
Deep inside I knew that.	Deep inside I knew that.
All this happened in high school when I was in last semester (of 6) and she in 3rd semester.	All this happened in high school when I was in last semester (of 6) and she was in the  3rd semester.
She was the prettiest girl in the school  (well at least for me and another 50 guys, the rest with genre unknown).	She was the prettiest girl in the school (well at least for me and another 50 guys, the rest I didn't know).
I was in a high school band, you know drums, (which were what I played) flutes, saxes, and cheerleaders (she was there).	I was in a high school band, (you know drums etc., which I played) flutes, saxes, and cheerleaders (she was there).
Smiling and with a gorgeous lips, her hair was moving like the waves in the sea, it was so hypnotizing that you couldn´t  just stop looking at her.	Smiling with gorgeous lips, her hair was moving like the waves in the sea. It was so hypnotizing that you just couldn´t stop looking at her.
Every session I was there playing the drums looking at her, and she knew I was looking at her but you know girls, I don´t know what are the equip with, that makes you feel more attractive to they, but honestly  they don´t show the same.	Every session I was there playing the drums looking at her, and she knew I was looking at her, but you know girls. I don´t know what they are equiped with that makes you feel more attracted to them, but honestly they don´t show that they feel the same way.
You are like a toy of they!.	You are like a toy to them!.
My birthday was coming and my friend were a bunch of salvage people and........	My birthday is coming and my friend were a bunch of salvage people and........
Don´t have words	Don´t have words
There are more than 5000 languages in the world and none of them is exactly a copy of other.	There are more than 5000 languages in the world and none of them is exactly a copy of other.
All languages share tons of characteristics; they have verbs, adjectives, adverbs, a subject, pronouns, nouns, etc.	All languages share tons of characteristics; they have verbs, adjectives, adverbs, a subject, pronouns, nouns, etc.
But when you compare languages in a deeper level their differences make a huge difference.	But when you compare languages in a deeper level their differences make a huge difference.
Languages are close related or not event related because of the language they come from.	Languages are close related or not event related because of the language they come from.
Ones come from Latin and others from Germanic but even when they come from different languages they share quite a lot of aspects.	Ones come from Latin and others from Germanic but even when they come from different languages they share quite a lot of aspects.
I personally think they all come from a common language nobody has ever discovered.	I personally think they all come from a common language nobody has ever discovered.
When somebody wants to learn a language, they use their native tongue in order to learn a second language so they have the basis to build on the structure of a new language.	When somebody wants to learn a language, they use their native tongue in order to learn a second language so they have the basis to build on the structure of a new language.
Yet the main problem lies in some aspects languages do not share at all.	Yet the main problem lies in some aspects languages do not share at all.
It may be that one language locates its verbs at the end of the sentence while the other set them at the very beginning of the sentence.	It may be that one language locates its verbs at the end of the sentence while the other set them at the very beginning of the sentence.
Some languages may not have articles and instead they use particles to cover this problem which at the end is not a problem but the way that language works.	Some languages may not have articles and instead they use particles to cover this problem which at the end is not a problem but the way that language works.
Culture is close related to languages, because somehow culture is created by culture and culture is built in language.	Culture is close related to languages, because somehow culture is created by culture and culture is built in language.
So, the way people think is the way they see the world that surround them through language.	So, the way people think is the way they see the world that surround them through language.
No one would see a world if they do not have a language first, due to the lack of previous knowledge.	No one would see a world if they do not have a language first, due to the lack of previous knowledge.
Without the word “table” and the phonetic sound /(tā´bəl)/ this person could never know that this object (the table) is a table itself.	Without the word “table” and the phonetic sound /(tā´bəl)/ this person could never know that this object (the table) is a table itself.
He may call it by his own personal way but what he would be doing in that moment is creating a language for himself in order to name things.	He may call it by his own personal way but what he would be doing in that moment is creating a language for himself in order to name things.
Concordantly, language is a social aspect the human life, and the agreement of use is something that people should do in order to settle a official language.	Concordantly, language is a social aspect the human life, and the agreement of use is something that people should do in order to settle a official language.
All the population of certain place should agree that table is “an article of furniture supported by one or more vertical legs and having a flat horizontal surface.”  So everyone could communicate and talk about tables.	All the population of certain place should agree that table is “an article of furniture supported by one or more vertical legs and having a flat horizontal surface.”  So everyone could communicate and talk about tables.
But we all agree that in this world as, as we told before, there is not only one language and what is a table in English is a “mesa” in Spanish and “テーブル” (teeburu) in Japanese and none of them share even the same words.	But we all agree that in this world as, as we told before, there is not only one language and what is a table in English is a “mesa” in Spanish and “テーブル” (teeburu) in Japanese and none of them share even the same words.
Then how do these words mean the same but they are written using different characters?	Then how do these words mean the same but they are written using different characters?
The answer is quite simple, language have they own words to name things, as simple as that.	The answer is quite simple, language have they own words to name things, as simple as that.
If a language would use words from other language to name every of its items, it may use as well use the same grammar and syntax and the result would be two identical languages which will end in a fusion of them and the creating of, not a new language, the same language.	If a language would use words from other language to name every of its items, it may use as well use the same grammar and syntax and the result would be two identical languages which will end in a fusion of them and the creating of, not a new language, the same language.
That is why languages are so different and with it the way people sees the world.	That is why languages are so different and with it the way people sees the world.
As we said before, language share common characteristics but as they do this, they also have differences not only in their structure but in their vocabulary as well and this creates problems when learning languages.	As we said before, language share common characteristics but as they do this, they also have differences not only in their structure but in their vocabulary as well and this creates problems when learning languages.
Let’s say we have a word for “dad” in English and we use it just like that, to name the person we grew up with, who teach us what we know and who we consider our father.	Let’s say we have a word for “dad” in English and we use it just like that, to name the person we grew up with, who teach us what we know and who we consider our father.
So we call “dad” that person, using examples such as: my dad, his dad, her dad, etc.	So we call “dad” that person, using examples such as: my dad, his dad, her dad, etc.
But what happens when we want to learn the Japanese word for “dad”?	But what happens when we want to learn the Japanese word for “dad”?
Well, we face the problem that they do not only have one word for “dad” but many.	Well, we face the problem that they do not only have one word for “dad” but many.
All depending in the social status, the respect and the closeness you have with that person.	All depending in the social status, the respect and the closeness you have with that person.
So here we have the same person who we would call “dad” in England or United States but that in Japan we should call him “ちち” (chichi), “あふ” (afu), “だいふ” (taifu), “ちちおや” (chichioya), “とうさん” (toosan), “おとうさま” (otoosama), “おとうさん” (otoosan), etc.	So here we have the same person who we would call “dad” in England or United States but that in Japan we should call him “ちち” (chichi), “あふ” (afu), “だいふ” (taifu), “ちちおや” (chichioya), “とうさん” (toosan), “おとうさま” (otoosama), “おとうさん” (otoosan), etc.
The later aspect does not mean the Japanese have more fathers than we do, but that they have different ways to call him taking in consideration details to name him that way.	The later aspect does not mean the Japanese have more fathers than we do, but that they have different ways to call him taking in consideration details to name him that way.
It can be if he is my father or is the father of my friend, or if it is the father of my new friend.	It can be if he is my father or is the father of my friend, or if it is the father of my new friend.
All these characteristics are fully taken in consideration when Japanese people talk but when we do we just skip not because we lack the knowledge to notice them but because in “our world” we do not see this aspects in such a general and important way.	All these characteristics are fully taken in consideration when Japanese people talk but when we do we just skip not because we lack the knowledge to notice them but because in “our world” we do not see this aspects in such a general and important way.
Not only we can talk about single items of vocabulary, but let´s imagine we have two people talking about colors, a type of red color to paint one the people´s house.	Not only we can talk about single items of vocabulary, but let´s imagine we have two people talking about colors, a type of red color to paint one the people´s house.
Then one of them says: I want the color red that we see every day when the sunsets.	Then one of them says: I want the color red that we see every day when the sunsets.
That sentence “the color red that we see every day when the sunsets” could be described in Japanese with only one word but not necessarily using such a long sentence.	That sentence “the color red that we see every day when the sunsets” could be described in Japanese with only one word but not necessarily using such a long sentence.
Why is this?	Why is this?
Because Japanese may see this color using one word because in “their world” that color does not reflects the sunset but just a color.	Because Japanese may see this color using one word because in “their world” that color does not reflects the sunset but just a color.
Japanese language has no difference between the colors blue and green and it is not that they do not have those two colors because they have them, but it is just that they have one single word to describe both (aoi).	Japanese language has no difference between the colors blue and green and it is not that they do not have those two colors because they have them, but it is just that they have one single word to describe both (aoi).
Maybe because of the globalization they needed at some point to create a word to make a difference (midori) but it was because of necessity and not self creation that they did.	Maybe because of the globalization they needed at some point to create a word to make a difference (midori) but it was because of necessity and not self creation that they did.
I personally think our language do not lack of word to describe things or have more words to describe things, it is just the way people see the word the way they call things.	I personally think our language do not lack of word to describe things or have more words to describe things, it is just the way people see the word the way they call things.
It is their necessities what makes them create new words or have words to call thing we may not even need.	It is their necessities what makes them create new words or have words to call thing we may not even need.
But when we do, we may use a previous created word or just invent one for ourselves.	But when we do, we may use a previous created word or just invent one for ourselves.
Today I am a little bit sad.	Today I am a little bit sad.
This morning I was outside the cafeteria talking with my friends, and while I was talking with them Trinidad arrived with her boyfriend.	This morning I was outside the cafeteria talking with my friends, and while I was talking with them Trinidad arrived with her boyfriend.
That is why I am a little bit sad.	That is why I am a little bit sad.
So I think she hates me.	So I think she hates me.
But the problem is that I still like her.	But the problem is that I still like her.
Now, what do I have to do?	Now, what do I have to do?
Déjà Vu	Déjà Vu
As the other one this is another assigment from my school.	As the other one this is another assigment from my school.
Create a short story.	Create a short story.
Enjoy it and tell your corrections.	Enjoy it and tell your corrections.
Thanks for reading.	Thanks for reading.
Déjà Vu	Déjà Vu
I didn’t know were I was; everything was too dark too see further than 2 meters	I didn’t know were I was; everything was too dark too see further than 2 meters.
I knew this was going to be my worst night ever.	I knew this was going to be my worst night ever.
The only thing I can see is the stars on the sky, I think I have never seen too many stars, I mean you never realize how beautiful the sky is until you really look at it because in the city you are too busy to take a moment to do it.	The only thing I can see is the stars on the sky, I think I have never seen too many stars, I mean you never realize how beautiful the sky is until you really look at it because in the city you are too busy to take a moment to do it.
I knew that I have to do something to survive this night.	I knew that I have to do something to survive this night.
Thanks God I watched those T.	Thanks God I watched those T.
V shows about living in dangerous environments.	V shows about living in dangerous environments.
First of all I had to create a shelter so I needed wood.	First of all I had to create a shelter so I needed wood.
I went to see if I could get some but I realized that it would be just too dangerous to search for wood in the dark of the night.	I went to see if I could get some but I realized that it would be just too dangerous to search for wood in the dark of the night.
So I remembered that in the bag pack I could rescue from the boat I had a lighter.	So I remembered that in the bag pack I could rescue from the boat I had a lighter.
I searched it and there it was, the one that my wife had given me in our anniversary.	I searched it and there it was, the one that my wife had given me in our anniversary.
I was angry about myself, I knew that in that moment I could be sharing some time with she  but I was there trying to create fire from a wet stick I found near of the beach.	I was angry about myself, I knew that in that moment I could be sharing some time with she  but I was there trying to create fire from a wet stick I found near of the beach.
I remembered that the guy in the T.	I remembered that the guy in the T.
V.	V.
show said that you could not create fire from wet wood, but I was quite desperate that I tried so hard that fire just came from the wood as if some sort of magic  would made it.	show said that you could not create fire from wet wood, but I was quite desperate that I tried so hard that fire just came from the wood as if some sort of magic  would made it.
When I had fire I started my search for more wood to create the shelter.	When I had fire I started my search for more wood to create the shelter.
I could hear some sounds, weird sound that you would never hear in the city.	I could hear some sounds, weird sound that you would never hear in the city.
I found some sticks and came back to the beach where my fire was not at all extinct but I f I would  not came in that moment I would have to create more fire.	I found some sticks and came back to the beach where my fire was not at all extinct but I f I would  not came in that moment I would have to create more fire.
I started to create a shelter like the ones that you can see in the television, but what they do not tell you is that to made a shelter is harder than repair a car.	I started to create a shelter like the ones that you can see in the television, but what they do not tell you is that to made a shelter is harder than repair a car.
At the end I just set some stick over the others hoping that night the rain would appear.	At the end I just set some stick over the others hoping that night the rain would appear.
If you wish something so much is like someone makes you a bad joke.	If you wish something so much is like someone makes you a bad joke.
It started to rain; it was so hard that my shelter was on the floor right after the rain started.	It started to rain; it was so hard that my shelter was on the floor right after the rain started.
I was wet, with no fire, angry, and the only think I could do was try to remember how I ended here.	I was wet, with no fire, angry, and the only think I could do was try to remember how I ended here.
My day started nice, sleeping next to my wife.	My day started nice, sleeping next to my wife.
I tried not to make a movement that could make her wake up, I when to the kitchen and made breakfast.	I tried not to make a movement that could make her wake up, I when to the kitchen and made breakfast.
She just came into the kitchen wearing that pajama I gave her when I was her boyfriend.	She just came into the kitchen wearing that pajama I gave her when I was her boyfriend.
I prepared my equipment and I departed the apartment  just after my wife kissed my cheek, I really don’t know why she didn’t kiss me in the lips.	I prepared my equipment and I departed the apartment  just after my wife kissed my cheek, I really don’t know why she didn’t kiss me in the lips.
I was in the first place of the competition, and I knew that there was a huge difference between me and the second place.	I was in the first place of the competition, and I knew that there was a huge difference between me and the second place.
Somehow at that moment I knew deep inside of me that something was wrong, but I was in first place and that was the important thing.	Somehow at that moment I knew deep inside of me that something was wrong, but I was in first place and that was the important thing.
It started to get darker and darker, I turned on my light and I rested for a while.	It started to get darker and darker, I turned on my light and I rested for a while.
I was so tired that I just slept more that I should.	I was so tired that I just slept more that I should.
When I woke up I was in the middle of a storm.	When I woke up I was in the middle of a storm.
I knew that I had to do something but even when I moved quickly the disaster just appeared.	I knew that I had to do something but even when I moved quickly the disaster just appeared.
I crash my boat in rock and I just arrived to an island holding my bag pack on my back.	I crash my boat in rock and I just arrived to an island holding my bag pack on my back.
So there I was in the middle of nothing getting wetter and wetter.	So there I was in the middle of nothing getting wetter and wetter.
At that point I could see anymore the stars, there were a lot of cloud that I could only see for a seconds when there was a thunder.	At that point I could see anymore the stars, there were a lot of cloud that I could only see for a seconds when there was a thunder.
When I was almost getting sleep I heard a noise, a noise that I have never heard before, it was like a growl, like if someone were watching me and waiting to attack.	When I was almost getting sleep I heard a noise, a noise that I have never heard before, it was like a growl, like if someone were watching me and waiting to attack.
I was horrified I knew that if someone or something would attack me I would be in trouble, I had neither weapon nor fire to protect myself.	I was horrified I knew that if someone or something would attack me I would be in trouble, I had neither weapon nor fire to protect myself.
So I wait and the noise just disappears in the night.	So I wait and the noise just disappears in the night.
The sun made me wake up; finally I could watch around me and see that there was jst threes as far as I could see.	The sun made me wake up; finally I could watch around me and see that there was jst threes as far as I could see.
My shelter was gone and my back pack just lying on the sand.	My shelter was gone and my back pack just lying on the sand.
I made and SOS signal written on the sand.	I made and SOS signal written on the sand.
And wait for about a couple of hours until a rescue boat saw my signal.	And wait for about a couple of hours until a rescue boat saw my signal.
I was happy so I took my back pack and swam towards the boat.	I was happy so I took my back pack and swam towards the boat.
They rescue me and gave me food.	They rescue me and gave me food.
They told me to rest a while so, I went to a little bedroom they had in the boat and fell asleep.	They told me to rest a while so, I went to a little bedroom they had in the boat and fell asleep.
I dream about my accident and the way I could stop it.	I dream about my accident and the way I could stop it.
If I only would checked the GPS I would knew that I was out of course.	If I only would checked the GPS I would knew that I was out of course.
I just fell sleep that I could keep thinking about what I did wrong.	I just fell sleep that I could keep thinking about what I did wrong.
When I wake up the next morning I was amazed, my wife was next to me sleeping and saying that she wanted to sleep 5 more minutes.	When I wake up the next morning I was amazed, my wife was next to me sleeping and saying that she wanted to sleep 5 more minutes.
I could believe it all was a dream, a nightmare indeed.	I could believe it all was a dream, a nightmare indeed.
I got up and when to the kitchen I started to make the breakfast and my wife came into the kitchen wearing just a t-shirt.	I got up and when to the kitchen I started to make the breakfast and my wife came into the kitchen wearing just a t-shirt.
I got my equipment and left the apartment, everything was a déjà vu but something was wrong, my wife kissed me not in the cheek but in the lips, and in that moment I knew that I had to do something, so I asked the driver to stop the taxi, then I ran into the apartment and there she was lying on the bed sleeping until I gave her a kiss.	I got my equipment and left the apartment, everything was a déjà vu but something was wrong, my wife kissed me not in the cheek but in the lips, and in that moment I knew that I had to do something, so I asked the driver to stop the taxi, then I ran into the apartment and there she was lying on the bed sleeping until I gave her a kiss.
When she asked me why I didn’t go to the competition I just said “I don’t want to have sand in my pockets”,.	When she asked me why I didn’t go to the competition I just said “I don’t want to have sand in my pockets”,.
She didn’t understand why I said that but I was just happy to be sleeping five more minutes besides her.	She didn’t understand why I said that but I was just happy to be sleeping five more minutes besides her.
Carlos Dionisio Bernal Juárez	Carlos Dionisio Bernal Juárez
Copyright 2009	Copyright 2009
Just a question!	Just a question!
I don´t know what  does this means, i think that are names of temples but I am not sure.	I don´t know what this means, i think that they are names of temples but I am not sure.
What does these phrases mean.	What do these phrases mean.
Thanks!	Thanks!
My Hi5 profile.	My Hi5 profile.
Resident Evil: Degeneration	Resident Evil: Degeneration
I was wondering something.	I was wondering something.
Resident Evil Degeneration is a Japanese movie but I have only seen this movie in English.	Resident Evil Degeneration is a Japanese movie but I have only seen this movie in English.
IS there a japanese version?	IS there a japanese version?
You said you wanna learn Spanish?	You said you wanna learn Spanish?
I am a Spanish speaker from Mexico which is quite important because Mexican people will correct your texts into Spanish talked in Mexico, not Spain.	I am a Spanish speaker from Mexico which is quite important because Mexican people will correct your texts into Spanish talked in Mexico, not Spain.
In Spain they´ll say; He terminado el trabajo.	In Spain they´ll say; He terminado el trabajo.
In Mexico we say;   Terminé el trabajo.	In Mexico we say;   Terminé el trabajo.
There are ample, ample of diferences between the spanish from Spain and from the one in Mexico.	There are ample, ample of diferences between the spanish from Spain and from the one in Mexico.
And actually Spain they don´t speak Spanish ( they won´t say that theyspeak Spanish but "Castellano".)	And actually Spain they don´t speak Spanish ( they won´t say that theyspeak Spanish but "Castellano".)
Nevertheless is the same, Castellano and Spanish are the same.	Nevertheless is the same, Castellano and Spanish are the same.
Anyway I am going to write this because of  a simple thing, that most of people that is learning Spanish should know.	Anyway I am going to write this because of  a simple thing, that most of people that is learning Spanish should know.
This is common in Mexico, Peru, Argentina, well all Latin America.	This is common in Mexico, Peru, Argentina, well all Latin America.
(I don´t know in Spain)	(I don´t know in Spain)
What is an Adverb?	What is an Adverb?
According to the RAE (Real Academia de la lengua Española) an adverb is:	According to the RAE (Real Academia de la lengua Española) an adverb is:
Adverbio.	Adverbio.
(Del lat.	(Del lat.
adverbĭum).	adverbĭum).
1.	1.
m.	m.
Gram.	Gram.
If you don´t get Spanish enough the only part you must get is this one; PALABRA INVARIABLE (Invariable word.) So is a word you CAN¨T 	If you don´t get Spanish enough the only part you must get is this one; PALABRA INVARIABLE (Invariable word.) So is a word you CAN¨T 
modify (let me laugh!	modify (let me laugh!
hahahahahahahahhahahahahah)	hahahahahahahahhahahahahah)
If you have been in Mexico or some country in Latin America, I bet you have hear the word "ahorita", and perhaps because of the compound of letters you might know that comes from "ahora" (now/ right now) but if you look it  into  the dictionary that word must be between "ahora" and "ahorcar" (to hang).	If you have been in Mexico or some country in Latin America, I bet you have hear the word "ahorita", and perhaps because of the compound of letters you might know that comes from "ahora" (now/ right now) but if you look it  into  the dictionary that word must be between "ahora" and "ahorcar" (to hang).
So is that a word?, yeah!!!!, is that an adverb?	So is that a word?, yeah!!!!, is that an adverb?
Of course it is!!!!!!	Of course it is!!!!!!
Is it used in the common language?	Is it used in the common language?
Are you kidding?	Are you kidding?
Is indispensable to know that word!!!	Is indispensable to know that word!!!
This takes us to other problem (if you want to call it problem) the "diminutive" of the words.	This takes us to other problem (if you want to call it problem) the "diminutive" of the words.
In English we have a word like "little"  that helps us to say that the dog in little, "Ahh that little dog".	In English we have a word like "little"  that helps us to say that the dog in little, "Ahh that little dog".
And in Spanish we have the suffixes "ito" and "ita", so if we want to say that the dog is little  we can say either: el pequeño perro or el perro chiquito/pequeñito.	And in Spanish we have the suffixes "ito" and "ita", so if we want to say that the dog is little  we can say either: el pequeño perro or el perro chiquito/pequeñito.
So the diminutive is most common in Latin America, and is most realted with baby stuff and women, (this doesn´t mean that men can say it, you can, just that you must know when you can say it.	So the diminutive is most common in Latin America, and is most realted with baby stuff and women, (this doesn´t mean that men can say it, you can, just that you must know when you can say it.
"If you want me to make a list when you can and when you can´t, just ask for it") and these "ito and "ita" sound lovely.	"If you want me to make a list when you can and when you can´t, just ask for it") and these "ito and "ita" sound lovely.
But ok, you can modify nouns, and adjetives, but ADVERBS?	But ok, you can modify nouns, and adjetives, but ADVERBS?
Yeahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!	Yeahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
you can!!!!!!	you can!!!!!!
Well at least with "ahora" you can!!	Well at least with "ahora" you can!!
Ahora=ahorita=Ahorititita!!!	Ahora=ahorita=Ahorititita!!!
You must be asking WTF is that!!!!	You must be asking WTF is that!!!!
And you are right, WTF is that?	And you are right, WTF is that?
Well the only thing I can say is.....	Well the only thing I can say is.....
that ahorititita is an adverb.	that ahorititita is an adverb.
How can I learn words like that in every language, well, perhaps you have either of two options,; go to the country they say that, or get a girlfriend/boyfriend from that country.	How can I learn words like that in every language, well, perhaps you have either of two options,; go to the country they say that, or get a girlfriend/boyfriend from that country.
Why this?	Why this?
Because who uses this kind of words?	Because who uses this kind of words?
THE PEOPLE!!!!	THE PEOPLE!!!!
and only the people, the user of that language, not the textbooks.	and only the people, the user of that language, not the textbooks.
So get involve into the language enviroment.	So get involve into the language enviroment.
And remember every language has dialects and every dialect has its own dialects	And remember every language has dialects and every dialect has its own dialects.
And like a person in Peru answered to this question once: 	And like a person in Peru answered to this question once: 
¿Cuántos hijos tiene usted?(how many children do you have?	¿Cuántos hijos tiene usted?(how many children do you have?
= Tenguito solamentito dositos hijitos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	= Tenguito solamentito dositos hijitos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(I little have little two little sons.)	(I little have little two little sons.)
WTF the verb is modified!!!!	WTF the verb is modified!!!!
You can modify everything but that doesn´t mean it is correct.	You can modify everything but that doesn´t mean it is correct.
So if you are learning Spanish you have a long, long road in front of you.	So if you are learning Spanish you have a long, long road in front of you.
Like me, I am learning Japanese and I know that I have a massive road in front of me.	Like me, I am learning Japanese and I know that I have a massive road in front of me.
Actually Spanish scary  me even when I am native speaker.	Actually Spanish scary  me even when I am native speaker.
You don´t realized what you are talking until you start searching into the language, then you will notice that your language is not as easy as the phrase "la casa es azul" (the blue house).	You don´t realized what you are talking until you start searching into the language, then you will notice that your language is not as easy as the phrase "la casa es azul" (the blue house).
Don´t give up and keep fighting, and you will get it.	Don´t give up and keep fighting, and you will get it.
So if you have questions about the Spanish language  spoken in Mexico, you can ask me, and I will respond you.	So if you have questions about the Spanish language  spoken in Mexico, you can ask me, and I will respond you.
Life is a complicated word. the story of my life. Part 2	Life is a complicated word. the story of my life. Part 2
I was a normal boy with normal life and in a  normal school.	I was a normal boy with a normal life who went to a normal school.
I liked the color blue and the action men toys.	I liked the color blue and action men toys.
Didn´t prefer the girls but the toys.	I prefered the toys more than  girls
(that was when I was like 4-6)	that was when i was around 4 to 6 years old
My grandfather had a ranch 15 kilometers from my town, and evey weekend me and my family used to go with my grandfathers.	My grandfather had a ranch 15 kilometers from my town, and evey weekend me and my family used to go and visit with my grandfathers.
Nice ranch, plenty of space, dogs everywhere, ducks, lamps and goats, birds, and a huge (well now that big but when you are kid you just see everything big) field where we played football with my cousins who lived there too.	the ranch was nice with plenty of space, there were many kinds of animals there such as dogs, goats, ducks, birds, and a huge (well now it does not look that big but when you are a kid everything seems to be larger) field where we played football with my cousins who lived there also.
My grandpa bought some goats and put them in a big space surrounded by a fence.	My grandpa bought some goats and put them in a big enclosure
And when my same-age female cousin came, me and my brother played inside the fence with the goats.	and when my female cousin who is the same age as me came over, me and my brother played inside the fence with the goats.
We cut some sticks that the goats loved to eat and we put them into or jeans or just hold them in our hands so the goats gone wild.	We cut some sticks that the goats loved to eat and we put them in our pockets or just held them in our hands so the goats went wild.
They started to run behind us and we just run faster and faster.	They started to run behind us and we just ran faster and faster.
We call that "game" "Parque ChivoJurasico" (you know like Jurasic Park but with goats intead of dinosaurs, but in Spanish).	We called that "game" "Parque ChivoJurasico" (you know like Jurasic Park but with goats intead of dinosaurs, but in Spanish).
But unfourtantly everything ended when my granpa sold or killed the goats.	But unfourtantly everything ended when my granpa sold or killed the goats.
When I was not playing with my brother I was playing with my little niece who were just like 4 and I was then 9.	When I was not playing with my brother I was playing with my little niece who was just 4, while I was 9.
Playing hide ans seek I fell down from a wall and broke my left arm, the two bones.	Playing hide and seek I fell off the wall and broke two bones in my arm
--From now on I will never climb a wall before I make sure it is kind of safe	----From now on I will never climb a wall again until i know it is safe to do so
My academic life started to take a linely way, I started studying English at school in a free course for kids, (I did want to go but my mother encouraged me saying "You will go you like it or NOT") and that is how my English studies started.	My academic life started to take a linely way, While I was at school I started studying English by taking a free course for kids, (I did not want to go but my mother insisted ,saying "You are going whether you like it or NOT") and that is how my English studies started.
After 6 years being primary school I advanced to elemtary school 3 more years where I...	After 6 years in primary school I advanced to elemetary where i stayed for 3 more years, where I...
(to be continued)	(to be continued)
Hi all!	Hi all!
Today was a bad day.	Today was a bad day.
I talked to this woman.	I talked to this woman.
Once again she is beautiful.	Once again she is beautiful.
Today´s plan was talking to her, and when I saw her, she was doing homework with her friend.	Today´s plan was talking to her, and when I saw her, she was doing homework with her friend.
Then She went to the toilet with her friend and so did I.	Then She went to the toilet with her friend and so did I.
I said "hi!, did you see my friends?, they are guessing your name".	I said "hi!, did you see my friends?, they are guessing your name".
Trinidad.	Trinidad.
Nice to meet you!	Nice to meet you!
After that I said bye.	After that I said bye.
Now she might think I am a idiot, and so do I.	Now she might think I am a idiot, and so do I.
Do you think I am an idiot for saying that?	Do you think I am an idiot for saying 
What do you think about what I did?	What do you think about what I did?
PLAY BALL!!!	PLAY BALL!!!
This was a task we had to create in the school, about writing a short story and I chose the final game of the WBC.	This was an assignment we had in school, about writing a short story and I chose to write about the final game of the WBC.
This doesn´t mean that this was the original game.	This doesn´t mean that this was the original game.
I wasn´t there also, I just watched it by TV.	I wasn´t there also, I just watched it on TV.
Play Ball!!!!	Play Ball!!!!
We finally arrived, it didn´t look like the seller said it would.	We finally arrived. It didn´t look like the seller said it would.
Two little seats, blue seats that weren´t that clean.	Two little seats, blue seats that weren´t that clean.
She never enjoyed dates like this too much, but I just want to be here so much.	She had never really enjoyed dates like this, but I just wanted to be here so much. 
There wasn´t a cloud in the sky during the trip, but when we arrived the sky turned dark.	There wasn´t a cloud in the sky during the trip, but when we arrived the sky turned dark.
She was complaining about everything, there are too many people, it´s too nasty, it´s too cold, it´s too hot, it´s too everything.	She was complaining about everything: there are too many people, it´s too nasty, it´s too cold, it´s too hot, it´s too everything.
I always wanted to be in a place like this, with a lot of people around of me, tons of food and  a big stadium.	I always wanted to be in a place like this, with a lot of people around of me, tons of food and  a big stadium.
She was complaining again about the seats we had, complaining that she couldn´t see well, that the players were too small to see their faces.	She was complaining again about the seats we had, complaining that she couldn´t see well, that the players were too small to see their faces.
It was  getting darker and the lights were turned on, big bright lights.	It was  getting darker and the lights were turned on, big bright lights.
They almost blinded me, and she was there complaining about them.	They almost blinded me, and she was there complaining about them.
I wanted to see Ichiro Suzuki play, he is such a great player.	I wanted to see Ichiro Suzuki play because he is such a great player.
The game started with a big and loud "PLAY BALL" that everybody in the whole stadium but my girlfriend heared.	The game started with a big and loud "PLAY BALL" that everybody in the whole stadium but my girlfriend heard.
There were two little Japanese kids nextto her playing with their plastic-sticks and screaming "NIPPON, cha chacha NIPPON" and next to me a korean couple yelling something in Korean.	There were two little Japanese kids next to her playing with their plastic-sticks and screaming "NIPPON, cha chacha NIPPON" and next to me a Korean couple yelling something in Korean.
After the 7th inning it started to rain, big drops started to fall and now she was wet, dirty and complaining about the weather.	After the 7th inning it started to rain. Big drops started to fall and now she was wet, dirty and complaining about the weather.
The game was amazing, 1, 2, 3 strikes and the Korean player  was out.	The game was amazing, 1, 2, 3 strikes and the Korean player  was out.
She was now talking on the phone to her best friend, a very spoiled girl.	She was now talking on the phone to her best friend, a very spoiled girl.
In the 8th inning I went to buy a hot dog; those hod dogs that you can only buy in a baseball stadium.	In the 8th inning I went to buy a hot dog; those hot dogs that you can only buy in a baseball stadium.
I brought her one and when she was holding it, one of the Japanese boys next to her hit the hot dog with his plastic.	I brought her one and when she was holding it, one of the Japanese boys next to her hit the hot dog with his plastic.
stick and threw the hot dog into the air and all the ingredients fell on her jeans, ketchup, mayonnaise, the meat, onions, all over her favorite jeans.	stick and threw the hot dog into the air and all the ingredients fell on her jeans, ketchup, mayonnaise, the meat, onions, all over her favorite jeans.
She was angry and she yelled at the boys and their mother but the onlything she and the kids replied was "Gomen nasai, Gomen nasai".	She was angry and she yelled at the boys and their mother, but the only thing they replied was "Gomen nasai, Gomen nasai".
I thinkshe was saying "Sorry".	I think she was saying "Sorry".
There was a lot of noise, everybody cheering to support their teams, andin the 9th inning when the game was almost over a massive noise filled my ears, Ichiro Suzuki hitting the ball.	There was a lot of noise, everybody cheering to support their teams, and in the 9th inning when the game was almost over a massive noise filled my ears: Ichiro Suzuki hitting the ball.
He ran towards first base, then second and the ball crashing  against the big rain drops and getting wetter and wetter.	He ran towards first base, then second, and the ball flew through the air, crashing  against the big rain drops and getting wetter and wetter. 
I chiro reacherd 3rd base and then I realized that the ball was coming towards me.	Ichiro reached 3rd base and then I realized that the ball was coming towards me.
I took my baseball glove and raised my hand to catch it.	I took my baseball glove and raised my hand to catch it.
It was the best day of my life, I was going to catch a Home run hit from Ichiro	It was the best day of my life, I was going to catch a Home run hit from Ichiro.
The ball reached my glove and I got it but somehow - maybe because ofthe rain - the ball just touched my glove and continued on its way towards my girlfriend who was still yelling at the Japanese family.	The ball reached my glove and I got it but somehow - maybe because of the rain - the ball just touched my glove and continued on its way towards my girlfriend, who was still yelling at the Japanese family.
It all happened too fast, but I saw it clearly, my girlfriend got  hit in the head with the ball, and fell inmediately.	It all happened too fast, but I saw it clearly: my girlfriend got  hit in the head with the ball, and fell immediately.
Everybody was happy because Ichiro made the winning run.	Everybody was happy because Ichiro made the winning run.
I was scared but happy also because  I got the ball, but on my girlfriend unconsiousbody.	I was scared but happy also because  I got the ball, but it laid on my girlfriend unconscious body.
After a few minutes she was Ok, but complaining about the hit and the big headache that she had now.	After a few minutes she was Ok, but complaining about the hit and the big headache that she had now.
Finally we left the stadium and she was complainig about the traffic and her headache, bu I couldn´t hear her because I was amazed, admiring my autographed ball signed by Ichiro when he went and saw how my girlfriend was.	Finally we left the stadium and she was complaining about the traffic and her headache, but I couldn't hear her because I was amazed, admiring my autographed ball, signed by Ichiro when he went and saw how my girlfriend was.
Written by Carlos Dionisio Bernal Juárez	Written by Carlos Dionisio Bernal Juárez
Copyright 2009.	Copyright 2009.
Memoir 0.2	Memoir 0.2
As one of my homework assignments, I have to write one memoir that had change my life If you are the girl in the story, first of all thanks for reading and secondly thanks for your friendship.	As one of my homework assignments, I have to write one memoir that had change my life If you are the girl in the story, first of all thanks for reading and secondly thanks for your friendship.
I chose this one:	I chose this one:
Assisting to the high school was never too hard neither that easy but she changed it all.	Assisting to the high school was never too hard neither that easy but she changed it all.
I was in my way to the store outside of my school with one of my male friends, when he grabbed my right shoulder telling me to see the girl that  was walking next to her mother  on the other side of the street.	I was in my way to the store outside of my school with one of my male friends, when he grabbed my right shoulder telling me to see the girl that  was walking next to her mother  on the other side of the street.
She looked amazing with her uniform.	She looked amazing with her uniform.
I had never seen her before but I felt like I knew her from time ago.	I had never seen her before but I felt like I knew her from time ago.
As soon as she entered to the school I never saw her again.	As soon as she entered to the school I never saw her again.
It didn´t really bothered me.	It didn´t really bothered me.
I just forgot her.	I just forgot her.
When the new students arrived I realized that the girl I had seen before was in the crowd, she was there standing, talking.	When the new students arrived I realized that the girl I had seen before was in the crowd, she was there standing, talking.
My friends commented that she was a spoiled girl, nothing more than one of those gold-diggers.	My friends commented that she was a spoiled girl, nothing more than one of those gold-diggers.
I didn´t really heard them, I was just amazed with her beauty.	I didn´t really heard them, I was just amazed with her beauty.
After that classes were not the same anymore, I had someone to think about, someone to dream about.	After that classes were not the same anymore, I had someone to think about, someone to dream about.
I knew that I was in love, I had fell in love with that girl since the first moment I saw her, but school was the first thing on my list so I couldn´t just stop being aware of homework and school activities.	I knew that I was in love, I had fell in love with that girl since the first moment I saw her, but school was the first thing on my list so I couldn´t just stop being aware of homework and school activities.
Fortunately one day when some friends of mine and I were practicing a theatrical scene my friend´s sister appeared and right behind her the figure of what I´d never forget appeared too.	Fortunately one day when some friends of mine and I were practicing a theatrical scene my friend´s sister appeared and right behind her the figure of what I´d never forget appeared too.
Tight jeans, purple t-shirt, black and purple tennis, curly hair.	Tight jeans, purple t-shirt, black and purple tennis, curly hair.
She was there holding her handbag, staring at me with her mesmerizing green eyes.	She was there holding her handbag, staring at me with her mesmerizing green eyes.
I knew she wanted to talk with me because I felt the same.	I knew she wanted to talk with me because I felt the same.
Neither of us talk to each other, she left and I continued practicing with my friends.	Neither of us talk to each other, she left and I continued practicing with my friends.
I played drums in the band march, and she had entered as a cheerleader so every Monday, Wednesday and Thursday I could look at her doing her movements, so pretty so cute she looked.	I played drums in the band march, and she had entered as a cheerleader so every Monday, Wednesday and Thursday I could look at her doing her movements, so pretty so cute she looked.
I got in troubles one day because of my friends were disturbing others while they were celebrating my birthday.	I got in troubles one day because of my friends were disturbing others while they were celebrating my birthday.
So I was forbidden to assist to school for 3 days.	So I was forbidden to assist to school for 3 days.
But my mother´s power made the director allow me to assist but doing community service.	But my mother´s power made the director allow me to assist but doing community service.
And there was where I met her, the same friend´s sister  introduced her.	And there was where I met her, the same friend´s sister  introduced her.
I still remember her face, scared face but pretty at the same time.	I still remember her face, scared face but pretty at the same time.
They left the room after a few minutes and I had got my change to become her friend.	They left the room after a few minutes and I had got my change to become her friend.
The band march used to go to occurances, we traveled by bus and in one of those trips I was talking with another drumer about the cute girl, – I had her mobile number, but I had never sent her an message before – and about doing a bet.	The band march used to go to occurances, we traveled by bus and in one of those trips I was talking with another drumer about the cute girl, – I had her mobile number, but I had never sent her an message before – and about doing a bet.
The bet was about sending her a message saying how we were and wait for her to respond.	The bet was about sending her a message saying how we were and wait for her to respond.
The winner would be the one who would recieve the message.	The winner would be the one who would recieve the message.
We both sent one message and she just respond mine.	We both sent one message and she just respond mine.
Amazing the fact was, but scary too.	Amazing the fact was, but scary too.
I wasn´t that good dealing with girls conversation, and I was even worse when I had to talk who made my heart beat faster and faster, so my skills were not the best in that moment.	I wasn´t that good dealing with girls conversation, and I was even worse when I had to talk who made my heart beat faster and faster, so my skills were not the best in that moment.
(Like I say, do everything 10000 times plus one to become a master)	(Like I say, do everything 10000 times plus one to become a master)
As soon as we got off the bus I saw her and she saw me too, neither of us talked to each other, even when I felt that I had to do it first I was freezed, I could go towards her and say “hi”.	As soon as we got off the bus I saw her and she saw me too, neither of us talked to each other, even when I felt that I had to do it first I was freezed, I could go towards her and say “hi”.
I am an idiot at that point, and I know it.	I am an idiot at that point, and I know it.
Later when I arrived home I was so pissed off with myself that I sweared that I had to come closer and say at least “hello”.	Later when I arrived home I was so pissed off with myself that I sweared that I had to come closer and say at least “hello”.
As you might guess I couldn´t, and now we where in holidays.	As you might guess I couldn´t, and now we where in holidays.
We started sending messages each other, about 10 per day.	We started sending messages each other, about 10 per day.
We talked so much of each other in two weeks.	We talked so much of each other in two weeks.
I knew what she liked, she knew what I best did.	I knew what she liked, she knew what I best did.
I knew almost everything of her, a great amount of information that might help me to came closer the next time I see her.	I knew almost everything of her, a great amount of information that might help me to came closer the next time I see her.
The day we came back to school, I saw her while I was doing some other things with my friends.	The day we came back to school, I saw her while I was doing some other things with my friends.
She was sat next to her female friend, they were right next to the main entrance.	She was sat next to her female friend, they were right next to the main entrance.
We both saw each other, we both wanting to talk, wanting to someone to do the first step to the other one.	We both saw each other, we both wanting to talk, wanting to someone to do the first step to the other one.
But I did nothing but watch her.	But I did nothing but watch her.
Her eyes were saying “come closer” but my legs said ” go away”.	Her eyes were saying “come closer” but my legs said ” go away”.
She just saw how I got away from her.	She just saw how I got away from her.
That was my worse and biggest mistake ever made.	That was my worse and biggest mistake ever made.
Since that moment the fact of talking to her became harder and harder, I mean I spoke to her many times but just for about 5 minutes every time.	Since that moment the fact of talking to her became harder and harder, I mean I spoke to her many times but just for about 5 minutes every time.
Not a real talks.	Not a real talks.
I liked to ride bicycle, and one day I took my bike and made my way until her house with a map a friend had drawed for me.	I liked to ride bicycle, and one day I took my bike and made my way until her house with a map a friend had drawed for me.
It was not too clear to read but somehow I reach my destination.	It was not too clear to read but somehow I reach my destination.
I took my backpack and sliced a letter under her main entrance.	I took my backpack and sliced a letter under her main entrance.
I wish she could read it.	I wish she could read it.
She did it, and her mother too.	She did it, and her mother too.
I not quite sure if that was good or bad but it couldn´t become worst.	I not quite sure if that was good or bad but it couldn´t become worst.
But it did.	But it did.
She never really said something about the letter and I never tried to talk about it neither.	She never really said something about the letter and I never tried to talk about it neither.
Other day my frien and I went to the flower shop and bought a dozen of roses, red roses as beautiful as the green eyes girl.	Other day my frien and I went to the flower shop and bought a dozen of roses, red roses as beautiful as the green eyes girl.
The idea was that the roses should be delivered by the my friend´s little brother.	The idea was that the roses should be delivered by the my friend´s little brother.
He did it, but my fear of talking to her was now bigger.	He did it, but my fear of talking to her was now bigger.
I didn´t talked to her that morning.	I didn´t talked to her that morning.
That day there was a basketball match, my friends and I were watching it, pretty bad game by the way.	That day there was a basketball match, my friends and I were watching it, pretty bad game by the way.
Almost when the game was over I saw her, walking to the field, she looked too pretty, so beautiful.	Almost when the game was over I saw her, walking to the field, she looked too pretty, so beautiful.
I knew that I had something to do, “something”.	I knew that I had something to do, “something”.
So I remembered that I had a little doll on my backpack, that I wanted to give her.	So I remembered that I had a little doll on my backpack, that I wanted to give her.
So while my friends were talking about the game my mind was running, thinking and when I saw her walking alone to the exit i took all my courage I had and said to my friends ” I´ll be back”.	So while my friends were talking about the game my mind was running, thinking and when I saw her walking alone to the exit i took all my courage I had and said to my friends ” I´ll be back”.
I walked firmly but I couldn´t track her, suddenly while my mind was still thinking fast I remembered that she had a car and that she might be there.	I walked firmly but I couldn´t track her, suddenly while my mind was still thinking fast I remembered that she had a car and that she might be there.
I got to the parking slot and she was already on her way, I stood in front of the car and she stopped.	I got to the parking slot and she was already on her way, I stood in front of the car and she stopped.
I walk towards the window of the car, I saw her and I said ” May I talk to you?”.	I walk towards the window of the car, I saw her and I said ” May I talk to you?”.
She said that she could talk to me, that she was late and she had other stuff to deal with.	She said that she could talk to me, that she was late and she had other stuff to deal with.
I agree and let her continue with her trip.	I agree and let her continue with her trip.
Like if this was a movie, it started to rain, I became wet, and when she was almost out of the parking slot those red light seemed brighter than ever, she had stopped her car.	Like if this was a movie, it started to rain, I became wet, and when she was almost out of the parking slot those red light seemed brighter than ever, she had stopped her car.
I walk towards the car and she asked me if I wanted a ride.	I walk towards the car and she asked me if I wanted a ride.
I was so happy she made that sentence that I was already on the car when I realized it.	I was so happy she made that sentence that I was already on the car when I realized it.
The distance from the school to my home was just two blocks, but even when it was a short distance I felt like it was a huge distance, the time elapsed to slowly, and our conversation was too long for being just two blocks.	The distance from the school to my home was just two blocks, but even when it was a short distance I felt like it was a huge distance, the time elapsed to slowly, and our conversation was too long for being just two blocks.
I took my backpack over my legs and took the little doll out.	I took my backpack over my legs and took the little doll out.
I said “this is for you”.	I said “this is for you”.
She seemed happy, but I am not that sure, she was going through some sort of missing-mobile problem that she didn´t even talk a lot.	She seemed happy, but I am not that sure, she was going through some sort of missing-mobile problem that she didn´t even talk a lot.
I prefer to think that she was just nervous about doing this.	I prefer to think that she was just nervous about doing this.
Because I mean deep inside i felt that she felt the same for me as I did for her.	Because I mean deep inside i felt that she felt the same for me as I did for her.
The trip ended at least for me.	The trip ended at least for me.
And I arrived at home so happy  that day that now my fear of talking with girls that made beat my heart faster was gone.	And I arrived at home so happy  that day that now my fear of talking with girls that made beat my heart faster was gone.
I was a different person.	I was a different person.
Unfortunately that was going to change after I received a message.	Unfortunately that was going to change after I received a message.
We talked more often, and became closer friends.	We talked more often, and became closer friends.
Those parties we shared were great, that little, tiny, beautiful and gorgeous kiss was amazing, even when it took just seconds I still remember it and wish I could do it again.	Those parties we shared were great, that little, tiny, beautiful and gorgeous kiss was amazing, even when it took just seconds I still remember it and wish I could do it again.
But times like those will never repeat.	But times like those will never repeat.
And when you receive a message saying that our friendship is the closer thing we could have your heart cann´t handle it and brakes into pieces.	And when you receive a message saying that our friendship is the closer thing we could have your heart cann´t handle it and brakes into pieces.
You know that somehow it is your fault that result, and after living a few weeks in a mean world you realized that that was a great reason to keep going and to try your best next time.	You know that somehow it is your fault that result, and after living a few weeks in a mean world you realized that that was a great reason to keep going and to try your best next time.
I am still in contact with that nice girl, she recently told me that in high school she felt something about me, I felt the same but neither of us said something.	I am still in contact with that nice girl, she recently told me that in high school she felt something about me, I felt the same but neither of us said something.
Remembering is pitiful, but now  it  is the best you can do.	Remembering is pitiful, but now  it  is the best you can do.
Revenge and courage is your best weapon against frustration and depression.	Revenge and courage is your best weapon against frustration and depression.
Hi all!	Hi all!
I was checking my DS Dictionary and I found that there are two verbs that mean change!	I was checking my DS Dictionary and I found that there are two verbs that mean change!
I don´t get the difference of these two and I don´t get either the way to use them, could you please tell me the difference and give at least two examples of how using them as well?	I don´t get the difference of these two and I don´t get either the way to use them, could you please tell me the difference and give at least two examples of how using them as well?
Thanks!	Thanks!
Well, Today I can talk from 6 to 11 o´clock (Mexico time) through Skype.	Well, Today I can talk from 6 to 11 o´clock (Mexico time) through Skype.
Therefore if you want to speak with me I can do it today.	Therefore if you want to speak with me I can do it today.
My Skype´s nickname is linkf1	My Skype´s nickname is linkf1
Bye	Bye
Hello	Hello
I need to improve my english school	I need to improve my english
I need to improve my english school	I need to improve my English
I need someone to corret this please!!	I need someone to corret this please!!
Two years ago I entered into the College and I am studying Dentistry.	Two years ago I entered into the College and I am studying Dentistry.
It was really hard to leave the high school, my teachers, my classmates and my best friends.	It was really hard to leave the high school, my teachers, my classmates and my best friends.
My best girl friend and I were used to be always together, we were always laughing and enjoying every single moment at the school.	My best girl friend and I were used to be always together, we were always laughing and enjoying every single moment at the school.
The teachers used to separate us in the classes because we were always giggling	The teachers used to separate us in the classes because we were always giggling.
Every time I was in troubles she used to help me and support me.	Every time I was in troubles she used to help me and support me.
When the classes finished I was really sad because I knew I would not see her frequently.	When the classes finished I was really sad because I knew I would not see her frequently.
I got used to be more independent and affront my problems by myself.	I got used to be more independent and affront my problems by myself.
When I entered into the College I felt sad, and I used to call her every time I could.	When I entered into the College I felt sad, and I used to call her every time I could.
Then, I understood that it was a new stage in my life and I would meet more people and new friends.	Then, I understood that it was a new stage in my life and I would meet more people and new friends.
We still talking and having a lot of fun.	We still talking and having a lot of fun.
We are used to call us once or twice a week and I know she will be always my best friend.	We are used to call us once or twice a week and I know she will be always my best friend.
Hello?	Hello?
Hello.	Hello.
I´ve just sign here because i want english.	I've just signed up on here because I want to learn English.
I have not idea of english, I studied in the school but I never learn too much.	I don't know a lot of english. I studied it in school but I never learned it that much.
Almost my friend know english and when we go to the trip I need her help to everything.	My friend knows some English and when we go on trips I need her help with everything.
I´ve found this page and I´ve thought that it is a good way to learn english at last.	I've found this webpage and I thought that it was a good way for me to learn English at last.
My problem is that I dont´t understand this page very well, I think that it is similar to facebook ¿no?	My problem is that I don't understand this page very well. I think that it is similar to facebook, no?
but I haven´t facebook yet.	But I don't have facebook yet.
And this is all for now, the true is that write this pages have been hard for me.	This is all for now. The truth is that writing this text has been hard for me.
Thanks a lot and see you	Thanks a lot and see you
Womad	Womad
Tomorrow I will go to Caceres because there is a music festival there.	Tomorrow I will go to Caceres because there is a music festival there.
It´s world music festival in a medieval city and it´s free!!	It´s a world music festival in a medieval city and it´s free!!
I have been there three or four times (veces, en  español) but It´s been 4 years since I went last time.	I have been there three or four times (veces, en  español Yes) before but it´s been 4 years since my last visit.
I´m very happy because I think that the WOMAD is one the best festivals of Spain.	I´m very happy because I think that the WOMAD is one the best festivals of Spain.
There are a lot of people and almost everyone is happy (¿Cómo se dice de "buen rollo" en inglés?).	There are a lot of people at the event and almost everyone is happy (¿Cómo se dice de "buen rollo" en inglés?).
I will arrive there tomorror afternoon and I want to be having a party until sunday.	I will arrive there tomorrow afternoon and I want to party until sunday.
In the evening are the concerts and there are workshop during the day.	In the evening there are concerts and there are workshop during the day.
The next week I will try tell us how was all.	Next week, I will try to tell you how it all was.
Now I have to go to prepare my bag.	Now I have to go to prepare my bag.
Goodbye	Goodbye
Imsomnia	Insomnia
I was sleepping and I have waked up in the middle of the night.	I was sleepping and then I woke up in the middle of the night.
I have tried to sleep but, obviously I haven´t got it and now I´m trying to speak/write in english at 5.00 AM!!!	I have tried to sleep but I haven´t succeeded and now I´m trying to speak/write in english at 5 AM!!!
If my english teacher.	If my english teacher.
It has to be seen to be believed.	It has to be seen to be believed.
Good night and good dreams that I goint to try to sleep again.	Good night and sweet dreams. I'm going to try to sleep again.
First Entry - Introducing Myself	First Entry - Introducing Myself
Hi 	Hi 
My real name is Claudia and I'm a 20-year-old chilean translation student.	My real name is Claudia and I'm a 20-year-old chilean translation student.
A friend in my university recommended me this website, and it seems really helpful.	A friend in my university recommended me this website, and it seems really helpful.
I think it's a nice thing to help and to be helped, so I'll be around as much as I can.	I think it's a nice thing to help and to be helped, so I'll be around as much as I can.
As said before, I'm a translation student, and I'm in my 3rd year.	As said before, I'm a translation student, and I'm in my 3rd year.
My mother tongue is Spanish and the languages I'm currently studying are both English and Japanese.	My mother tongue is Spanish and the languages I'm currently studying are both English and Japanese.
I'm a former student of Portuguese (which I studied for 2 years) and German (only one semester), but I really want to keep learning these two in a near future, along with the ones I'm right now.	I'm a former student of Portuguese (which I studied for 2 years) and German (only one semester), but I really want to keep learning these two in the near future, along with the ones I'm studying right now.
I'll be super glad to help whenever I can!	I'll be super glad to help whenever I can!
Japanese entries coming soon ;) since I think I'll really need help there xD.	Japanese entries coming soon ;) since I think I'll really need help there xD.
paragraph 1	paragraph 1
Probably many people would like to change the experiences they had in the past but in my case, I would not change a single thing.	Probably many people would like to change the experiences they had in the past but in my case, I would not change a single thing.
I have been through so many things that made me who I am now.	I have been through so many things that made me who I am now.
Since I was a child, I learned to do all by myself.	Since I was a child, I learned to do all by myself.
My mom used to work all day so she never helped me with my school homework.	My mom used to work all day so she never helped me with my school homework.
Whenever I had a doubt about my homework, I used to check all the books I had around, even the ones that were not mine.	Whenever I had a doubt about my homework, I used to check all the books I had around, even the ones that were not mine.
It was really interesting, though.	It was really interesting, though.
Also, I had a lot of cousins to play with, which included being bothered by them.	Also, I had a lot of cousins to play with, which included being bothered by them.
It was awful.	It was awful.
Listening to five other children joking and laughing at you is never a good experience to remember, but it made me stronger and I learned to defend myself.	Listening to five other children joking and laughing at you is never a good experience to remember, but it made me stronger and I learned to defend myself.
I remember I used to cry a lot until my grandmother told me to talk them back.	I remember I used to cry a lot until my grandmother told me to talk them back.
It had its benefits, though.	It had its benefits, though.
I was my grandfather's favorite so he always protected me and gave me everything I wanted.	I was my grandfather's favorite so he always protected me and gave me everything I wanted.
The last experience I am going to share with you is something that we all go through in our lives.	The last experience I am going to share with you is something that we all go through in our lives.
I had really bad friends in the past.	I had really bad friends in the past.
Most of them talked to me just because I was a good student, others pretended to be good friends and talked about me behind my back and finally the ones who tell you that they would do everything to help you and then, when you need them, they just leave you alone.	Most of them talked to me just because I was a good student, others pretended to be good friends and talked about me behind my back and finally the ones who tell you that they would do everything to help you and then, when you need them, they just leave you alone.
That made me realize that I should try to know people well before I get to trust them.	That made me realize that I should try to know people well before I get to trust them.
In conclusion, those bad things that I went through in the past made the person who I am now and I would not like to change anything.	In conclusion, those bad things that I went through in the past made the person who I am now and I would not like to change anything.
Mayra Casas	Mayra Casas
Hi, my name is Mayra and I want to improve my English.	Hi, my name is Mayra and I want to improve my English.
I am studying Applied Linguistics and I would like to have some information about this field.	I am studying Applied Linguistics and I would like to have some information about this field.
example:	For example:
journals	journals
essays	essays
My intentions	My intentions
This is my first letter in this web..	This is my first letter in this web..
Actually i don´t have idea how is working, but i think is very interesting the fact that people around the worldl could help each other.	Actually i don´t have idea how is working, but i think is very interesting the fact that people around the worldl could help each other.
I am triyng to improve my english writing because i want to do the toefl test as all people know i need 550 points to be considered as candidate in a foreign university.	I am triyng to improve my english writing because i want to do the toefl test as all people know i need 550 points to be considered as candidate in a foreign university.
Exposición sobre enfermos de lepra en Japón	Exposición sobre enfermos de lepra en Japón
De Tensei Jingo 	De Tensei Jingo 
No hay una enfermedad mirada con tanto prejuicios absurdos que la lepra.	No hay una enfermedad mirada con tanto prejuicios absurdos que la lepra.
Se decía que fue por castigo de Buda, sudiedad de linaje, que fue fácil de contagiarse, no se curara, etc.	Se decía que fue por castigo de Buda, sudiedad de linaje, que fue fácil de contagiarse, no se curara, etc.
La historia de descriminacion vergonzosa pregunta la "madurez" de la sociedad y los individuos.	La historia de descriminacion vergonzosa pregunta la "madurez" de la sociedad y los individuos.
En el museo de la lepra situado en la ciudad de Murayama, Tokio, al una exposición especial titulada "con el corazón despedazado",  puse mis manos en mi corazón.	En el museo de la lepra situado en la ciudad de Murayama, Tokio, al una exposición especial titulada "con el corazón despedazado",  puse mis manos en mi corazón.
Se presenta los datos registrados de los niños obligados a internar en los asilos de varias partes de Japón debido a esta enfermedad.	Se presenta los datos registrados de los niños obligados a internar en los asilos de varias partes de Japón debido a esta enfermedad.
La exposición se realiza hasta finales de noviembre.	La exposición se realiza hasta finales de noviembre.
Se puede ver sus inquietudes por alejarse de la familia, por el personal vestido con la ropa blanca preventiva mediante las redacciones que dejaron.	Se puede ver sus inquietudes por alejarse de la familia, por el personal vestido con la ropa blanca preventiva mediante las redacciones que dejaron.
Al principiios de edad Showa, el aislamiento obligatoria de los pacientes de lepra fue la política nacional.	Al principiios de edad Showa, el aislamiento obligatoria de los pacientes de lepra fue la política nacional.
las prefecturas competían de erradicación, y llevaban los niños mintiendoles que podrían regresar pronto a casa.	las prefecturas competían de erradicación, y llevaban los niños mintiendoles que podrían regresar pronto a casa.
Mientra iba a la escuela dentro del hopital, se enteraban de que ya nunca podrían salir de allí.	Mientra iba a la escuela dentro del hopital, se enteraban de que ya nunca podrían salir de allí.
Este aislamiento sin razón continuaba hasta después de la segunda guerra mundial.	Este aislamiento sin razón continuaba hasta después de la segunda guerra mundial.
El único momento que se podía sentir feliz en la desesperación fue cuando se veía con su familia.	El único momento que se podía sentir feliz en la desesperación fue cuando se veía con su familia.
Hay unas frases hecha por una niña internada : Mi madre, cuando me vio, solo llamó mi nombre y se puso llorar.	Hay unas frases hecha por una niña internada : Mi madre, cuando me vio, solo llamó mi nombre y se puso llorar.
Yo también, me puse llorar.	Yo también, me puse llorar.
Traba de decir cosas que quería decir, pero no me salía palabras debido al llanto."	Traba de decir cosas que quería decir, pero no me salía palabras debido al llanto."
Las cartas fueron una manera de comprobar ser amada a persar de la distancia.	Las cartas fueron una manera de comprobar ser amada a persar de la distancia.
Una poema escrita por Chiyoko : una amigo que se apoyaba al pasamano, pensé vendar sus ojos, fui detras de ella con siligo, lloraba con una carta en la mano.	Una poema escrita por Chiyoko : una amigo que se apoyaba al pasamano, pensé vendar sus ojos, fui detras de ella con siligo, lloraba con una carta en la mano.
Fail after fail	Failure after failure
Well...	Well...
it's me again, trying to cheer up after recieve the last marks.	it's me again, trying to cheer myself up after I received the last set of marks for some classes.
Can I just failed four courses in a way?..	Can I just have failed four courses in such a disastrous way?..
Of course I can...	Of course I can...
sometimes I think that I can't made it...	sometimes I think that I can't make it...
that I mistake the way	??? - are you lost?
Anyway, I must think positive like my friends said to me, but, can I really made it in the end??	Anyway, I must think positive like my friends said to me, but, can I really make it in the end??
So busy....	So busy....
Sorry for be so "lazy" and didn't write anything, but here at the University, is becoming more and more difficult to have some break and rest.	Sorry for being so "lazy" and not having written anything, but here at the University, it is becoming more and more difficult to take a break and rest.
Day and night working in essays, presentations, teaching, argh, it's so exhausting.	Day and night I have been working on essays, making presentations, and teaching. Argh, it's so exhausting.
I wonder if I can finish this without going crazy or die in the training...	I wonder if I can finish this without going crazy or dying in the meantime...
I'll try to write more often, of course, if the University gives me a break	I'll try to write more often, of course, if the University gives me a break
Help	Help
Hello,	Hello,
My name's Daniel this is my first comment, because newly register me and I'll want that someone help me with my english because is it very bad.	My name's Daniel. This is my first comment because I have just registered. I want someone to help me with my English because is it very bad.
Stay in Barcelona	Stay in Barcelona
I lived in Barcelona for 9 months.	I lived in Barcelona for 9 months.
Now, I feel so lucky for that.	Now, I feel very lucky for that.
I was living there because of a PhD scholarship.	I was living there because of a PhD scholarship.
It has been one of the most wonderful experience I have had.	It has been one of the most wonderful experiences I have had.
Barcelona is the most cosmopolitan city I have meet.	Barcelona is the most cosmopolitan city I have ever seen.
Barcelona is the capital of a provence with the same name.	Barcelona is the capital of a province with the same name.
Its whole beauty it's well spread out over all the provence.	Its beauty is well spread out through the provence.
Its whole beauty it's well spread out over all the provence.	Its beauty is spread throughout the province.
This places worth a visit hence visitors should not only pass away: El Palacio de Mont-Juic, La Rambla de Flores, Plaza Espanya, y Plaza Catalunya, El Barrio Gótico, El Parc Guell, La Casa Batlló, LA SAGRADA FAMILIA, el Paseo Marítimo, el MAREMAGNUM, el Puerto Olímpico, La Pedrera, el Palacio de la Reina María Cristina, and so on.	These places are worth a visit, so visitors should not miss: El Palacio de Mont-Juic, La Rambla de Flores, Plaza Espanya, y Plaza Catalunya, El Barrio Gótico, El Parc Guell, La Casa Batlló, LA SAGRADA FAMILIA, el Paseo Marítimo, el MAREMAGNUM, el Puerto Olímpico, La Pedrera, el Palacio de la Reina María Cristina, and so on.
Going out of the city, Montserrat's Monastery it's worth a visit.	If you are going out of the city, Montserrat's Monastery is worth a visit.
Many people in Catalunya say that visit Catalunya without visit the Virgin Montserrat it is how if you haven't been in Catalunya.	Many people in Catalunya say that visiting Catalunya without visiting the Virgin Montserrat is almost as if you haven't been in Catalunya at all.
Believe me, it's worth a visit!	Believe me, it's worth a visit!
Finally, I hope it would be useful to prepare your journey and you can fully enjoy one of the most beauty cities in Europa and oversea.	Finally, I think it would be useful to prepare your journey and you can fully enjoy one of the most beauty cities in Europe and overseas.
My First Test	My First Test
Hello	Hello
This is my first test of wrinting English on this web site.	This is my first test of wrinting English on this web site.
I need to learn English in reason of my work.	I need to learn English in reason of my work.
I be able to read technical publications but it is more hard with the regular read of books or newspapers, is easy to find another type of words on these publications not used usally in the technical books.	I am able to read technical publications but it is more hard with the regular read of books or newspapers, is easy to find another type of words on these publications not used usally in the technical books.
Beaside this, the more harder part in the English language is the pronuntation (talk), the combinations of characters do not have the same sound that I can find in my native language and the same combination have a different pronunciation in others words, this is a nightmare for me.	Beside this, the more harder part in the English language is the pronuncation (talk), the combinations of characters do not have the same sound that I can find in my native language and the same combination have a different pronunciation in others words, this is a nightmare for me.
Well I hope to find somebody that makes a review of this, I want to know how may mistakes I made on this.	Well I hope to find somebody that makes a review of this, I want to know how may mistakes I made on this.
Have a great day!	Have a great day!
Bye	Bye
Letter for a friend	Letter for a friend
Dear Helena:	Dear Helena:
Happy Birthday!	Happy Birthday!
I miss you so much, and I hope to see you as soon as posible.	I miss you so much, and I hope to see you as soon as posible.
I bought the t-shirt when I went to Rome in a school trip, I with you like it, everyone bought a t-shirt with "ITALIA" and italian flag it was blue bus i dislike it it was very boring.	I bought the t-shirt when I went to Rome for a school trip, I like it too. Everyone else bought a t-shirt saying, "ITALIA" and had an italian flag and blue bus. I disliked it, it was very boring.
The trip was fantastic, I enjoy a lot, and Lucia and me had dinner with Carmen and Martina and in the hotel I spent a lot of time in their room, one time Carmen a friend and me count one, two and three we jump in a bed and..	The trip was fantastic, I enjoyed it a lot. Lucia and me had dinner with Carmen and Martina, and in the hotel I spent a lot of time in their room. One time, Carmen, a friend, and I counted, "One, two three!", and&nbsp;we jump in the bed and..
we broken the bed!	we broken the bed!
I would like to return to RH with everyone except sicilians of course, and about Cambridge Juniors...	I would like to return to RH with everyone, except the sicilians of course. Also, about Cambridge Juniors,
I'm not quite sure if i can go there...	I'm not quite sure if i can go there...
but I talked with Clara and Lucia because your date and they said that's not a problem, Patricia want to go two weeks before (because of boy who she likes) but I don't think that she will go lonely	However, I talked with Clara and Lucia about your date, and they said that's not a problem, Patricia wants to go two weeks early (because of a boy who she likes) but I don't think that she will go alone.
One last thing...	One last thing...
I am going to visit you as soon as posible (You're my best penfriend ;D	I am going to visit you as soon as possible (You're my best penfriend ;D
All the best	All the best
Ines Martinez (Sign)	Ines Martinez (Sign)
do you believe in ufos?	Do you believe in UFOs?
hi, my name is rafael kanashiro, last year for discovery channel saw a documentary, where a lot of persons saw in the sky a piramidal ufo in rusia, i dont know how believe this is true , well i need a lot of answers please, please, my inglish is not very well correct me.	Hi, my name is Rafael Kanashiro. Last year on the discovery channel I saw a documentary, where a lot of people saw in the sky a pyramidal UFO in Russia, I dont know how they can believe this is true. Well, I need a lot of questions answered; when I make mistakes please correct me.
and leave your coments  	And leave your comments.
Eduardo	Eduardo
Hello everybody, I'm Eduardo.	Hello everybody, I'm Eduardo.
I am from Mexico.	I am from Mexico.
I have 4 days that I arrived.	It has been 4 days since I arrived.
In my opinion, I have been liking New Zealand because it is an opportunity to practice my english.	In my opinion, I like New Zealand because it is an opportunity to practice my English.
I also want to practice my french language.	I also want to practice my French .ᑲ
My main language is spanish.	My main language is Spanish.
In Mexico, I like to go to the beach.	In Mexico, I like to go to the beach.
There is a beach near my city and you make an hour in car.	There is a beach near my city and you can get there in an hour by car.
I like to hang out with my friends and go to night clubs with them.	I like to hang out with my friends and go to night clubs with them.
One of the traditional foods that I like in my city, it is "tacos".	One of the traditional foods that I like in my city is "tacos".
It is roasted beef with "tortilla".	It is roasted beef with "tortilla".
I want Mexican food	I want Mexican food
Today, I want to taste my hometown's food.	Today, I want to taste my hometown's food.
I want it so much that i can smell it.	I want it so much that I can smell it.
I could make me some tacos in my flat but it won't taste the same.	I could make me some tacos in my flat but it won't taste the same.
I miss my food.	I miss my food.
Sick	Sick
Today, I am sick.	Today, I am sick.
Someone in the class shared his germs.	Someone in class shared his germs.
I have a headache.	I have a headache.
Also, I have flu and throatiness.	Also, I have the flu and a sore throat.
I will rest tomorrow.	I will rest tomorrow.
Then, I will go to run through Mission Bay.	Then, I will go for a run through Mission Bay.
I am waking in the morning and see the sunrise.	I will wake in the morning and see the sunrise.
I will feel the mist of the ocean all over my face.	I will feel the mist of the ocean all over my face.
I will gain muscle and burn fat while running.	I will gain muscle and burn fat whilst running.
I will eat healthy.	I will eat healthily.
I will lay on the sand in the beach and take a deep breath then exhale it like I need to remove all the diseases in my body.	I will lay on the sand in the beach and take a deep breath then exhale it like I need to remove all the diseases in my body.
The beach will health all of my diseases.	The beach will heal all of my diseases.
Monday	Monday
I am so excited because tomorrow, I will start my Foundation Year.	I am so excited because tomorrow, I will start my Foundation Year.
I chose Mathematics A&B, Physics and Chemistry.	I chose Mathematics A&B, Physics and Chemistry.
I want to pay an extra subject.	I would like to pay for an extra subject.
The subject will be Art.	The subject would be Art.
I am really interested in taking that subject because I want to develop my art skills.	I am really interested in taking that subject because I would like to develop my artistic skills.
It will be six hours if I am able to take the extra subject.	It will be six hours in total if I am able to take the extra subject.
Anyways, in my country I used to go to school from 7:00 am to 1:20 pm.	Anyway, in my country I used to go to school from 7:00 am to 1:20 pm.
I am thinking right now about what the director of studies will say about the extra subject that I want to take.	I am thinking right now about what the director of studies would say about the extra subject that I want to take.
I had taken the other 4 subjects in my country.	I had already taken the other 4 subjects in my country previously.
It will be a good way to practice my English but in Art will help me to improve my creative imagination.	It will be a good way to practice my English, but taking Art will help to improve my creative imagination.
Also, it can help me in my life.	Also, it can help me in my life.
Just wondering, I am planning to be an engineer so I need design skills.	Just wondering, I am planning to be an engineer so I need design skills.
These will help me to make glorious and magnificent structures.	These skills will help me to make glorious and magnificent structures.
Kuwait	Kuwait
I'm thinking to make a travel to Kuwait.	I'm thinking to make a travel to Kuwait.
I want to know if there are camels.	I want to know if there are camels.
I have blood of Kuwaiti.	I have blood of Kuwaiti.
Maybe I have some of Japanese too.	Maybe I have some of Japanese too.
I only know from Kuwait that is a small country.	I only know from Kuwait that is a small country.
That they speak arabic.	That they speak arabic.
That's all I know.	That's all I know.
I would like to learn many words in arabic.	I would like to learn many words in arabic.
It would be cool.	It would be cool.
Examination Exam	Examination
I rarely study for an exam.	I rarely study for an exam.
I will not study tonight.	I will not study tonight.
I am happy because It is fun to not worry about the exam.	I am happy, because it is fun not to worry about exams. 
In my opinion, I will do excellent.	I think I can do well. 
Maybe I stay at the same level but I know i have improved my English since I have been here.	Maybe I can still stay at the same level, but I know I have improved my English since I came here.
If I could go to Foundation will be cool.	If I could go to Foundation, it would be cool.
Anyways, I am not interested on going to Foundation this year.	Anyway, I am not interested in going to Foundation this year.
I will do my best as I always have done.	I will do my best as what I have always done.
Good luck everyone.	Good luck everyone!
Telephones	Telephones
Telephones are the best way to have communication with other people around the world.	Telephones are the best way to communicate with other people around the world.
You can send and receive messages in a short period of time.	You can send and receive messages in a short period of time.
You can call anyone.	You can call anyone.
The signal is very strong almost in everyplace in the world.	The signal is very strong in almost everyplace in the world.
The signal is very strong almost in everyplace in the world.	The signal is very strong in almost every part of the world.
If you buy a telephone, it would be cheap.	Telephones are cheap to buy.
The telephone has a plenty of uses.	The telephone has plenty of uses.
One of them is that in the mobile you can connect to the internet.	One of them is that in a mobile you can connect to the internet.
One of them is that in the mobile you can connect to the internet.	One of them is that from a mobile phone, you can connect to the Internet.
For instance, that you are lost in Auckland and you will need Google Maps to know exactly where you are without asking anyone in the street.	For instance, when you are lost in Auckland and you will need Google Maps to know exactly where you are without asking anyone in the street.
For instance, that you are lost in Auckland and you will need Google Maps to know exactly where you are without asking anyone in the street.	For instance, when you get lost in Auckland and you need Google Maps to know exactly where you are without having to ask anyone on the street.
Another of them is the one that you can listen to music.	Another use is listening to music.
For example, you are walking and it will be a very long way.	For example, you are walking and it will be a very long way.
The music will help you to kill the time while you are walking.	The music will help you pass the time while you are walking.
On the other hand, people are getting addicted to telephones.	However, people are getting addicted to phones.
The games and the social media in it are wasting too many time to people.	The games and the social media on them are causing people to waste too much time. 
People's brain are deteriorating with these.	People's brains are deteriorating because of these things.
Speaking test	Speaking Test
Today, I had a speaking test.	Today, I had a speaking test.
In my opinion, I didn't do it well.	In my opinion, I didn't do very well.
First of all, when someone asks me a question about what were you doing in your hometown?	First of all, when someone asks me a question about what you were doing in your hometown?
I always talk in past tense, and I should talk in past continuous.	I always talk in the past tense, whereas I should talk in the past continuous.
Sometimes, I want to talk with past perfect.	Sometimes, I want to talk in the past perfect.
I have always confused.	I am always confused.
My English needs more practice.	My English needs more practice.
Rabbit	Rabbit
Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit.	Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit.
This rabbit was big and pretty.	This rabbit was big and pretty. You just said the rabbit was little. ;) Is it big or is it little?
A human came and kicked it.	A human came and kicked it, the poor rabbit flew far away.
The poor rabbit flew far away.	The poor rabbit flew far away.
It impacted with a tree then it fell down.	It impacted with a tree, then fell down.
Another rabbit saw that and started to bite the human.	Another rabbit saw what happened and started to bite the human.
This human started to run because he knew that he was a bad guy.	This human started to run because he knew that he was a bad guy.
The End.	The End.
China's pollution	China's Pollution
Today, I saw a documentary about China's pollution.	Today, I saw a documentary about China's pollution.
In my opinion, there is a lot of pollution over there because the handwork is too cheaper.	In my opinion, there is a lot of pollution over there because manual labour is so cheap.
Most of the companies from overseas put their factory over there.	Most of the companies overseas put their factories there.
I have an Iphone which it says that is designed in United States and assembled in China.	I have an Iphone which says that it is designed in the United States and assembled in China.
This is obviously that in China the handwork is very cheaper than United States	This is obviously because manual labour in China is much cheaper than in the United States.
Also, There are a lot of Chinese people.	Also, There are a lot of Chinese people.
The country is over polluted.	The country is over polluted.
What I have learned in History is that Chinese people were always dominated by another region so their culture is different in different parts of China.	What I have learned in history is that the Chinese people had always been dominated by other regions so their culture is different in different parts of China.
The government should do something to reduce the pollution over there.	The government should do something to reduce the pollution over there.
Yesterday	Yesterday
I went out yesterday with Mohammad, Allen and Salah.	I went out yesterday with Mohammad, Allen and Salah.
We played pool.	We played pool.
I got tired.	It made me very tired.
I want to sleep right now.	I want to sleep right now.
I slept at 2:00 am today and I woke up at 10:00 am.	I went to sleep at 2:00 am today and woke up at 10:00 am.
I am writing in the school right now.	I am writing at school right now.
Mohammad is next to me.	Mohammad is next to me.
He does not know that I'm writing this.	He does not know that I'm writing this.
Lang-8	Lang-8
I have been written in Lang-8 for about 1 month.	I have been writing in Lang-8 for about 1 month.
In my opinion, I had made an improvement in my English.	In my opinion, I had made an improvement in my English.
I have been chosen very specific the words for my writings.	I have been choosing very specific the words for my writings.
I am going to write plenty of diaries in Lang-8.	I am going to write plenty of diaries in Lang-8.
Today's Exam	Today's Exam
I am a little confused with a question that in the exam came.	I am a little confused with a question that was in my exam paper.
I am a little confused with a question that in the exam came.	I am a little confused with a question that was on my exam.
The question was to write the phone's number of Susan.	The question asked me to write down the phone number of Susan.
The question was to write the phone's number of Susan.	The question asked me to write down Susan's phone number.
I wrote that there was not a number because in the listening section the recorder said the mobile number.	I wrote that there was not a number because in the listening section the recorder said the mobile number.
I want to supposed that I am correct.	I hope that I am correct.
Internet Cafe	Internet Cafe
Today, I went to an internet cafe.	Today, I went to an internet cafe.
I saw a guy who was sleeping in the chair, while i was walking to get a computer.	I saw a guy who was sleeping in a chair while I was walking to get a computer.
I was laughing inside of me.	I was laughing inside of myself.
I wanted to take picture of him.	I wanted to take a picture of him.
The internet cafe is okay.	The internet cafe is okay.
It needs a clean to get that feel spirit inside.	It needs to be cleaned to get that feel spirit inside. I'm not sure what you mean by "to get that feel spirit inside".
It is not expensive as I thought.	It is not as expensive as I thought.！
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
How are you?	How are you?
Two days ago I bought a book.	Two days ago I bought a book.
This book contains photos.	This book contains photos.
The name of this book is "Soñar con Japón", and it's beautiful.	The name of this book is "Soñar con Japón", and it's beautiful.
In this book we can see one hundred photos.	In this book we can see one hundred photos.
Spanish people created this book.	Spanish people created this book.
We can see here photos from Tôkyô, Ôsaka, Kôbe, Hiroshima and Miyajima.	We can see here photos from Tôkyô, Ôsaka, Kôbe, Hiroshima and Miyajima.
The book is expensive, but it's also very good.	The book is expensive, but it's also very good.
If you can, take a look at it.	If you can, take a look at it.
See you!	See you!
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
It has passed a long time since my last entry!	It has passed a long time since my last entry!
How's going to you?	How's going to you?
3 days ago, July 14th, it was my birthday.	3 days ago, July 14th, it was my birthday.
Now I am 19 years old.	Now I am 19 years old.
This day I went for a walk with a friend.	This day I went for a walk with a friend.
She doesn't have a lot of money, but she invited me for an ice-yogurt (and I really appreciate that).	She doesn't have a lot of money, but she invited me for an ice-yogurt (and I really appreciate that).
Later we went to some libraries because we wanted to buy some manga and books.	Later we went to some libraries because we wanted to buy some manga and books.
It was a really good day!	It was a really good day!
Now I'm learning to drive cars, because I need to drive ( would almost say that I must do it).	Now I'm learning to drive cars, because I need to drive ( would almost say that I must do it).
In my city I can take the bus, but the Faculty where I go it's quite far from my house.	In my city I can take the bus, but the Faculty where I go it's quite far from my house.
I don't like driving, but the driving license is useful here, in Japan, America...	I don't like driving, but the driving license is useful here, in Japan, America...
everywhere.	everywhere.
So I will put my effort on it!	So I will put my effort on it!
Lately, I've bought some manga, comics and books.	Lately, I've bought some manga, comics and books.
The name of the manga is Abara (from Tsutomu Nihei -->にへいつとむ).	The name of the manga is Abara (from Tsutomu Nihei -->にへいつとむ).
Even being expensive, it's really good.	Even being expensive, it's really good.
The comic's name is Nineteen Eighty Five.	The comic's name is Nineteen Eighty Five.
This is an American comic, and it's really good and interesting.	This is an American comic, and it's really good and interesting.
A lot of Marvel characters appear here, such as The Incredible Hulk, Electro, Spiderman, Captain America, Juggernaut...	A lot of Marvel characters appear here, such as The Incredible Hulk, Electro, Spiderman, Captain America, Juggernaut...
The book's name is Pulp Fiction.	The book's name is Pulp Fiction.
Pulp Fiction is a movie, but it has also a book version.	Pulp Fiction is a movie, but it has also a book version.
It's not a long book, but really interesting.	It's not a long book, but really interesting.
Maybe you have seen this: I buy a lot of manga, books and comics.	Maybe you have seen this: I buy a lot of manga, books and comics.
Well, this is because I really like to read.	Well, this is because I really like to read.
I think that you can always learn something from a book.	I think that you can always learn something from a book.
Well, see you next time!^^	Well, see you next time!^^
Hello!	Hello!
It has passed a long time since the last time!	It has passed a long time since the last time!
How are you?	How are you?
Yesterday, I came back to my house.	Yesterday, I came back to my house.
The last week I went to Madrid, because my brother is working in a hospital on Madrid's mountains.	The last week I went to Madrid, because my brother is working in a hospital on Madrid's mountains.
He was very happy because we went to visit him.	He was very happy because we went to visit him.
The next day, we went to Madrid because I wanted to see a friend of mine.	The next day, we went to Madrid because I wanted to see a friend of mine.
And I could!	And I could!
I went for a walk with my friend and we talked about a lot of things.	I went for a walk with my friend and we talked about a lot of things.
He is a good friend.	He is a good friend.
The next day, we went to Segovia.	The next day, we went to Segovia.
This city is beautiful, but very small.	This city is beautiful, but very small.
In this city, I bought pants and a lot of food.	In this city, I bought pants and a lot of food.
Also, I had some fun there with my family.	Also, I had some fun there with my family.
Later, we went to Ávila.	Later, we went to Ávila.
These cities are in Castilla y León, near from Madrid, so we coud visit them easily.	These cities are in Castilla y León, near from Madrid, so we coud visit them easily.
But yesterday we came back, eventually.	But yesterday we came back, eventually.
Travelling is funny and very interesting, but also expensive.	Travelling is funny and very interesting, but also expensive.
The next time I want to see the whole city of Madrid.	The next time I want to see the whole city of Madrid.
See you next time!^^	See you next time!^^
Introduction	Introduction
I am a current student of New jersey Community College.	I am a current student of New jersey Community College.
Currently I'm taking ESL level V in writing.	Currently I'm taking ESL level V in writing.
This is the highest level and the last one.	This is the highest level and the last one.
At this point, I realize that writing in English can be the most frustrated experience that I have never had in my life.	At this point, I realize that writing in English can be the most frustrated experience that I have never had in my life.
First of all, I heat write in English, because it makes me have a lot stress.	First of all, I heat write in English, because it makes me have a lot stress.
I hope this program can help me to improve my writing skills.	I hope this program can help me to improve my writing skills.
The pleasure of reading in my classroom is impressive	The pleasure of reading in my classroom is impressive
My classmates are used to reading everyday because they loe doing it.	My classmates are used to reading everyday because they love doing it.
It does not matter if ti is a book or a magazine , they read it because they want to do it , nobody forces them.	It does not matter if it is a book or a magazine, they read it because they want to do it; nobody forces them to do so.
They are interested in different topics , for example : novels and romantic stories.	They are interested in different topics, for example, novels and romantic stories.
When they are reading they usually imagine that they are part of the story.	When they are reading they usually imagine that they are part of the story.
Depending on the story they feel happy, sad or excited.	Depending on the story they feel happy, sad or excited.
Reading is a very good way to spend the time and is a habit that we should practice more.	Reading is a very good way to spend time and is a habit that we should practice more.
One day with my friends.	One day with my friends.
The last weekend I went to Naolinco with my friends, we had a crazy day, but first we went to Los lagos.	The last weekend I went to Naolinco with my friends. We had a crazy day, but first we went to Los Lagos.
The last weekend I went to Naolinco with my friends, we had a crazy day, but first we went to Los lagos.	Last weekend I went to Naolinco with my friends. We had a crazy day, but first we went to Los Lagos.
Los lagos is the most famous place of Xalapa.	Los Lagos is the most famous place in Xalapa.
While my friends didn't arrive yet, we fed the ducks that were swimming on the lake.	While I was waiting for my friends , we fed the ducks that were swimming on the lake.
While my friends didn't arrive yet, we fed the ducks that were swimming on the lake.	While I was waiting for my friends , we fed the ducks that were swimming in the lake.
I like this place but lately have lost popularity as an attraction.	I like this place but lately it has lost popularity as an attraction.
I like this place but lately have lost popularity as an attraction.	I like this place but lately it has lost popularity as an attraction.
After my friends arrived and we went to Naolinco.	After my friends arrived we went to Naolinco.
After my friends arrived and we went to Naolinco.	After my friends arrived, we went to Naolinco.
We went  there to the Patronal Party which is celebrated on September 15th.	We went to the Patronal Party which is celebrated on September 15th.
We joined to the dance called "Moros vs Christians": The moros are the people who wear fancy costumes: cowboys,  devils, woman, clowns, skeletons, etc.	We joined in the dance called "Moors vs Christians": The Moors are the people who wear fancy costumes: cowboys, devils, woman, clowns, skeletons, etc.
We were dressed up like devils.	We were dressed up like devils.
We finished very tired bur also very hundry so we ate gorditas and chiles rellenos.	We were very tired when finished but also very hungry so we ate gorditas and chiles rellenos.
We finished very tired bur also very hundry so we ate gorditas and chiles rellenos.	We finished very tired but also very hungry so we ate gorditas and chiles rellenos.
We spent three days in Naoilinco.	We spent three days in Naoilinco.
The third day we went to buy shoes.	On the third day we went to buy shoes.
The Naolinco's people tha make shoes use all kind of leather as ostrich, cocodrile, snake, bear, deer, etc.	The Naolinco's people make shoes and use all kinds of leather such as ostrich, crocodile, snake, bear, deer, etc.
The Naolinco's people tha make shoes use all kind of leather as ostrich, cocodrile, snake, bear, deer, etc.	The Naolinco's people tha make shoes use all kinds of leather such as ostrich, , crocodile, snake, bear, deer, etc.
The Naolinco's people tha make shoes use all kind of leather as ostrich, cocodrile, snake, bear, deer, etc.	The Naolinco are a people that makes shoes using all kinds of animal skins, such as ostrich, crocodile, snake, bear, deer, etc.
I asked them a special model.	I asked them for a special model.
I asked them a special model.	I asked them for a special model.
They were very kind and gave me a special price.	They were very kind and gave me a discounted price.
They made me feel at home.	They made me feel at home.
My friends and me bought a lot of souvenirs for our relatives.	My friends and I bought a lot of souvenirs for our relatives.
We get back  but in the middle of the road the car ran out without gasoline.	We went back but in the middle of the road the car ran out of gasoline.
We get back  but in the middle of the road the car ran out without gasoline.	Driving back, the car ran out of gasoline in the middle of the road.
so we parked the car in a very calm place.	So we parked the car in a very quiet place.
We looked for help there but we didn't find people there.	We looked for help there but we didn't find anyone.
We looked for help there but we didn't find people there.	We looked for help there but we couldn't find people anyone .
We walked over a wide path and we found a place full of trees .	We walked over a wide path and we found a place full of trees .
I took a nap while  my frieds still looking for help.	I took a nap while my friends were still looking for help.
I took a nap while  my frieds still looking for help.	I took a nap while my friends kept looking for help.
When I woke up my friends had found a ranch near to that place.	When I woke up my friends had found a ranch near that place.
When I woke up my friends had found a ranch near to that place.	When I woke up my friends had found a ranch nearby.
There live very kind people who gave us gasoline and we could back to our homes	There lived some very kind people who gave us gasoline so we could back home.
There live very kind people who gave us gasoline and we could back to our homes	There were very kind people who gave us gasoline so we could go back to our homes.
There live very kind people who gave us gasoline and we could back to our homes	There were some very kind people who gave us gasoline so we could get back home.
Was very exciting I won't forget that day.	It was very exciting. I won't forget that day.
Was very exciting I won't forget that day.	It was very exciting. I won't forget that day.
Was very exciting I won't forget that day.	It was very exciting. I'll never forget that day.
hello people!	Hello people!
hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
i'm a student of english in Mexico, and i'd love to help foreing people who be learning or want learn spanish, if i can help them, i'll do what can be in my posibilities, and i hope those people can help me with my english.	I'm an English student in Mexico, and I'd love to help foreign people who are learning or want learn Spanish. If I can help them, I'll do what I can, to the best of my abilities. I hope those people can help me with my English.
have a nice day!	Have a nice day!
Kisses!	Kisses!
Thoughts of June.	Thoughts of June.
I wrote this at the midnight, I couldn't sleep thinking.	I wrote this at the midnight, I couldn't sleep while i was thinking.
I remember the first time a see you...	I remember the first time I saw you...
you were talking with a girl in a short Spanish.	you were talking with a girl in spanish.
I stare you amazed , I wanted talk with you but I didn't know your name, Whe haven't seen us.	I stare you amazed , I wanted talk with you but I didn't know your name.
I used to see you until you dissapeared of my view .	I used to see you until you disappeared from my view.
Sometimes I collided with the people and with the walls for being looking him.	Sometimes I walked into people and walls while i was looking for him.
2010 finished , I returned to school .	2010 finished , I returned to school .
I remember that day, 31st of January 2011, I came into the classroom, I greeted some friends that I had met the last term.	I remember that day, January 31st, 2011. I came into the classroom, I greeted some friends that I had met the last term.
When suddenly I saw you talking with a girl about your country and your language and I thought "oh my good this is a dream, I can't believe it , he's in my class!!"	When suddenly, I saw you talking with a girl about your country and your language, and I thought, "Oh my god this is a dream, I can't believe it , he's in my class!!"
I sat down next to him and we start to talk, that was the best day of my life.	I sat down next to him and we started to talk, that was the best day of my life.
I loved when he called my name just for ask me something that he didn't understand.	I loved when he called my name just to ask me something he didn't understand.
I loved when he stared me trying to understand what I was saying, I  regret never told you that I loved you, because now I can't you're far away and I miss you so much.	I loved when he stared at me trying to understand what I was saying, I regret never telling you that I loved you, because now I can't. You're far away and I miss you so much.
I haven't write for a while.	I haven't writen for a while.
I haven't write for a while.	I haven't written for a while.
Hello my friends!	Hello my friends!
How are you?	How are you?
I haven't write for a while, I have been really busy the last month.	I haven't writen for a while, because I have been really busy the last month.
I haven't write for a while, I have been really busy the last month.	I haven't written for a while because I have been really busy this past month. Or, "really busy since last month."
Especially because I have a lot of homework and the period is finishing.	Especially because I have a lot of homework and the semester is ending.
Recently my English teacher have left me a lot of homework that I haven't sleep well.	Recently my English teacher had left me so much homework that, I haven't sleep well.
Recently my English teacher have left me a lot of homework that I haven't sleep well.	Recently my English teacher has been giving me so much homework that I haven't been sleeping well.
Well the semester is ending soon, and I hope to have a good result in my exam!	Well the semester is ending soon, and I hope to get a good grade on my exam! Or, "do well on my exam."
Have a nice day everyone!	Have a nice day, everyone!
The aliens of Venecia.	The aliens of Venecia.
One day a couple of aliens that lived in Venecia very happy saying in that country because they liked the water and Venecia was the perfect choice for them because the place they were lived was habited with mushrooms that they ate everyday	One day a couple of aliens that lived in Venecia very happy saying in that country because they liked the water and Venecia was the perfect choice for them because the place they were lived was habited with mushrooms that they ate everyday.
In the mornings the aliens went out to see the beautiful enviroment and watched the square of "Saint Marcos" because they were saying that San Marcos was his creator.	In the mornings the aliens went out to see the beautiful enviroment and watched the square of "Saint Marcos" because they were saying that San Marcos was his creator.
But one day the water in the city  of Venecia was going down and the little aliens needed to think in another place to live, then they thought that it would be good if they went to live to the city of Xalapa known as the city of flowers.	But one day the water in the city  of Venecia was going down and the little aliens needed to think in another place to live, then they thought that it would be good if they went to live to the city of Xalapa known as the city of flowers.
In Xalapa they were very happy because in that city lived a magician and he tought the art of the magic.	In Xalapa they were very happy because in that city lived a magician and he tought the art of the magic.
The name of the magician was Harry Potter and he was very populas in the school of Howards that is situated in the middle of the "parque Juarez".	The name of the magician was Harry Potter and he was very populas in the school of Howards that is situated in the middle of the "parque Juarez".
But Harry needed to go tyo another place because he worked in the anthropology museum doing tricks of magic awaking the fossils and the Olmecs heads.	But Harry needed to go tyo another place because he worked in the anthropology museum doing tricks of magic awaking the fossils and the Olmecs heads.
They were very sad because evey thursday in Venecia they always have a social event and they wanted to do one here in Xalapa.	They were very sad because evey thursday in Venecia they always have a social event and they wanted to do one here in Xalapa.
For lucky of them the people in Xalapa is very warm and they help the aliens that want something that remember his own town, and the vestival was great.	For lucky of them the people in Xalapa is very warm and they help the aliens that want something that remember his own town, and the vestival was great.
The people of Xalapa decided to do all the Thursday the day, better known as "Venecia's Event".	The people of Xalapa decided to do all the Thursday the day, better known as "Venecia's Event".
And they were happy fot the rest for the rest of their li9fe spending the time eating in the restaurant "Los Tecajetes" because it had the delicious mushrooms that they liked and Harry was his friend for life.	And they were happy fot the rest for the rest of their li9fe spending the time eating in the restaurant "Los Tecajetes" because it had the delicious mushrooms that they liked and Harry was his friend for life.
This is fiction.	This is fiction.
Forest Gump	Forrest Gump
This is my favourite movie.	This is my favourite movie.
I have seen it thousand times and I never get tired of it.	I have seen it a thousand times and I never get tired of it.
Although is an old movie not everybody has watched it.	Although it is an old movie, not everybody has seen it.
I love the story because is very interesting and give a good message.	I love the story because it is very interesting and has a good message.
This movie is starring by Tom Hanks and Sally Field.	This movie stars Tom Hanks and Sally Field.
At the beginning he seems to be a fool boy but really he is very intelligent, he is a genious!	At the beginning, he seems like a stupid boy, but actually he is very intelligent- he is a genius!
He is fall in love with a girl called "Jenny" (Robin Wright Penn) that help him to be stronger and never give up.	He falls in love with a girl named "Jenny" (Robin Wright Penn) who helps him to be stronger and never give up.
The film is full of important events of America as The Vietnam war and other more.	The film is full of important American events such as The Vietnam war and others.
But he is all the time thinking about Jenny.	Although he moves on with his life, Forrest is always thinking about Jenny.
At the end she dies but she gives him a good son as his father.	At the end she dies, but she gives him a good son as his father. I don't understand "a good son as his father."
I won't forget the phrase that his mother said to him : "Life is like a box of chocolates"	I'll never forget the phrase that his mother said to him : "Life is like a box of chocolates"
My favourite place.	My favourite place.
This place is very calm, it has a lot of mountains full af trees.	This place is very calm, it has a lot of mountains full af trees.
This place is very calm, it has a lot of mountains full af trees.	This place is very calm, has a lot of mountains and is full of trees.
Here you can find different species of silvester animals.	Here you can find many species of wild animals.
there is a wide path where you can't walk for a long time.	There is a wide path where you can't walk for a long time. Can or can't?
At the end of that path there are five cherry blossom trees, I love those trees, especially when the petals fall off.	At the end of that path there are five cherry blossom trees. I love those trees, especially when the petals fall off.
I can't sleep there forever.	I could sleep there forever.
The only sound that you can hear is the bird's sing and the water of the river.	The only sounds that you can hear are birds singing and the water of the river.
It is the best place to hide from someone or something , because nobody can't find you.	It is the best place to hide from someone or something , because nobody can find you.
Although sometimes it is lonely, sometimes the people go there to practice exercise, or some families have picnic there.	Although sometimes it is lonely, sometimes the people go there to practice exercise, or some families have a picnic there.
Although sometimes it is lonely, sometimes the people go there to practice exercise, or some families have picnic there.	Although sometimes it is lonely, sometimes the people go there to exercise, or some families have a picnic there.
When I'm bored I feed the ponies that live in a ranch near this place.	When I'm bored I feed the ponies that live in a ranch near this place.
I sometimes ride a pony that is really funny.	I sometimes ride a pony that is really funny. Are you trying to say that the pony is funny? Or that the experience of riding it is really fun?
At night you can hear the beautiful frog's sing.	At night you can hear the beautiful frogs' song.
It seems like a concert of frogs.	It sounds like a concert of frogs.
When you get hungry you can fish in the river or gather fruits.	When you get hungry you can fish in the river or pick fruit.
This imaginary place will be perfect for camping with your friends, having fun and relaxing.	This imaginary place would be perfect for camping with your friends, having fun and relaxing.
A message.	A message.
This is a message for my friend :D	This is a message for my friend :D
Dear Laura	Dear Laura
How are you?	How are you?
Time no see you!	Time no see!
I miss you a lot.	I miss you a lot.
I hope we can see us this April.	I hope we can see each other this April.
There are a lot of thing that I got to tell you.	There are a lot of things that I want to tell you.
I have met a chinese boy, he's in the same class than me.	I have met a Chinese boy, he's in the same class as me.
And since the moment I saw him I fall in love with him, but he don't know nothing about my feelings and I don't know if i must tell him.	And since the moment I saw him I fell in love with him, but he doesn't know anything about my feelings and I don't know if I should tell him.
What should I do?	What should I do?
And now the problem is double because there is other chinese boy and he like me too but he don't talk to me.	And now the problem is gotten worse because there is other Chinese boy and he likes me too but he doesn't talk to me.
I'm crazy thinking in two boys at the same time!	I'm crazy because I am thinking about two boys at the same time!
But you know how I am.	But you know how I am.
Anyway tell me about you!	Anyway tell me about whats going on with you!
How are things in Mexico City?	How are things in Mexico City?
Reply soon!	Reply soon!
I need an advice.	I need advice.
Love,	Love,
Janet	Janet
I had a bad dream.	I had a bad dream.
One day my parents went out of house for a weekend .	One day my parents went away for the weekend .
I was in my room with my niece watching the TV in a quiet night , when suddenly we heard a stranger sound out of the house and both screamed , my niece was shaking she hugged me strongly and I talked with her  trying to calm her .	I was in my room with my niece watching TV on a quiet night , when suddenly we heard a strange sound coming from outside the house and we both screamed. My niece was shaking and she hugged me tightly so I talked to her trying to calm her down.
I went out of the house and took a look if maybe i could find something and I stood shocked when I saw a spaceship land in my garden  I felt so scared and ran to my bedroom , I called the pólice but they  didn’t believe me, I didn’t what to do, and my niece was crying and crying and I was really nervous and I called my parents but they didn’t answered because they were having a good time in Mexico City.	I went out of the house and took a look to see if maybe I could find something and I was shocked when I saw a spaceship land in my garden. I felt so scared I ran to my bedroom, I called the police but they didn’t believe me, I didn’t know what to do. My niece was crying and crying and I was really nervous so I called my parents but they didn’t answered because they were having a good time in Mexico City.
Then I called to my uncles and they believe me .	Then I called my uncles and they believed me.
So I took my bike and rode until my uncles’ house but the spaceship started to follow us and we screamed  of fear in the streets.	So I took my bike and rode to my uncles’ house but the spaceship started to follow us and we screamed out in fear in the streets.
I didn’t want to turn back I was riding very fast but I didn’t realized that my niece wasn’t behind of me.	I didn’t want to turn back so I was riding very fast but I didn’t realized that my niece wasn’t behind me.
I stopped and remembered that I had left my niece in my house.	I stopped and remembered that I had left my niece in my house.
I returned for her but she wasn’t there: the spaceship land abducted  her and I screamed,  cried desperately and I didn’t believe it.	I returned for her but she wasn’t there. The spaceship had abducted her and I screamed and cried out desperately. I didn’t believe it.
Suddenly my alarm rang and I woke up crying and my beautiful niece was sleeping next to me.	Suddenly my alarm rang and I woke up crying with my beautiful niece sleeping next to me.
Thanks God eveything was a dream.	Thank God eveything was just a dream.
I told my dream to my mom and she only laughed of me.	I told my mom about my dream and she only laughed at me.
Stray Dogs 	Stray Dogs 
This have been a big problem in Mexico for many years because people is very irresponsable and don't take care of his pets.	This have been a big problem in Mexico for many years because people is very irresponsable and don't take care of his pets.
They don't sterilize them and when their pets are old or sick they abandon them in the streets.	They don't sterilize them and when their pets are old or sick they abandon them in the streets.
That's why some dogs causes problems  or attach people.	That's why some dogs causes problems  or attach people.
I think that it is not their fault because they should be protected for institutions and give them a home.	I think that it is not their fault because they should be protected for institutions and give them a home.
But some people say that they should be killed because only cause problems and gets dirty the streets with their poop.	But some people say that they should be killed because only cause problems and gets dirty the streets with their poop.
And If a dog attacks a person does not know who to claim damages.	And If a dog attacks a person does not know who to claim damages.
Many dogs has been poisoned for this reasons and I think this is unfair because people have to be more sensible and understand that is not their fault and if they don't want animal that do not buy it because they only suffer.	Many dogs has been poisoned for this reasons and I think this is unfair because people have to be more sensible and understand that is not their fault and if they don't want animal that do not buy it because they only suffer.
My result in English is uncertain.	My result in English is uncertain.
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
I'm a bit nervous and sad, I don't know exactly how I feel but I'm not satisfied with my result in English, I got a bit nervous when I spoke with another girl about my vacations because we had to speak for 5 minutes and we spoke only for 3 or 2 and I didn't remember the words that I had to say.	I'm a bit nervous and sad, I don't know exactly how I feel but I'm not satisfied with my result in English. I got a bit nervous when I spoke with another girl about my vacations because we had to speak for 5 minutes and we spoke only for about 2 or 3 and I didn't remember the words that I had to say.
And in vocabulary I forgot 3 words,  I hope don't fail this exam.	And in vocabulary I forgot 3 words,  I hope don't fail this exam.
Tomorrow is my English Final Exam.	Tomorrow is my English Final Exam.
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
I'm a bit nervous because tomorrow is my Final English Exam, and I have to speak in English too with another person.	I'm a bit nervous because tomorrow is my Final English Exam, and I also have to speak in English with another person.
I'm a bit nervous because tomorrow is my Final English Exam, and I have to speak in English too with another person.	I'm a bit nervous because tomorrow is my final English exam, and I have to speak in English with another person.
I haven't studied many vocabulary and that section is very important in the exam, but I have time for study vocabulary yet.	I haven't studied many vocabulary and that section is very important in the exam,but I have not had time to study vocabulary yet.
I haven't studied many vocabulary and that section is very important in the exam, but I have time for study vocabulary yet.	I haven't studied a lot of vocabulary - which is a very important section on the exam - but I don't have time to study vocabulary anymore. 
So I don't know why when I have to speak with another person in English but the teachers are in front of me I get nervous.	So I don't know why but when I have to speak with another person in English and the teachers are in front of me, I get nervous.
So I don't know why when I have to speak with another person in English but the teachers are in front of me I get nervous.	I don't know why, but when the teachers are in front me while I speak English, I get nervous.
I hate when happend that.	I hate it when that happens.
So this time I'll try don't get nervous and I'll do my best!	So this time I'll try not to get nervous and I'll do my best!
Spending the week.	Spending the week.
hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
I'm a bit bored because the school have finished and i don't have nothing to do , all my friends have returned to their hometowns , (I'm studying out of home)so I will spend the week here because one of my best friend is coming to Xalapa (the city where I'm studying now) to spend the weekend with me, and we're going to an expo of anime (japanese cartoons) and I'm going to sing in Japanese, i'm preparing my performance hahaha.	I'm a bit bored because school has finished and i don't have anything to do. All my friends have returned to their hometowns. I'm studying away from home, so I will spend the week here because one of my best friends is coming to Xalapa (the city where I'm studying now) to spend the weekend with me. We're going to an anime expo and I'm going to sing in Japanese. I'm preparing my performance hahaha.
I'm a bit bored because the school have finished and i don't have nothing to do , all my friends have returned to their hometowns , (I'm studying out of home)so I will spend the week here because one of my best friend is coming to Xalapa (the city where I'm studying now) to spend the weekend with me, and we're going to an expo of anime (japanese cartoons) and I'm going to sing in Japanese, i'm preparing my performance hahaha.	I'm a bit bored because the school have finished and I don't have nothing to do . All my friends have returned to their hometowns (I'm studying out of home) so I will spend the week here because one of my best friends is coming to Xalapa (the city where I'm studying now) to spend the weekend with me. We're going to an anime expo (Japanese cartoons) and I'm going to sing in Japanese, I'm preparing my performance hahaha.
well at the moment I'm going to practice my Japanese and practice my song :D	At the moment I'm going to practice my Japanese and my song :D
I hope everyone is having a great week :D	I hope everyone is having a great week :D
Slavery	Slavery
Slavery is an unfair human condition that has existed in our world.	Slavery is an unfair human condition that has existed in our world.
The wealthy pale completion people used black people as slaves.	The wealthy pale complexioned people used black people as slaves.
The slaves did not have the opportunity to enjoy their freedom.	The slaves did not have the opportunity to enjoy their freedom.
Most goverments has forbidden slavery but unfortunately, there are people who are still victims of this trade.	Most goverments have forbidden slavery but unfortunately, there are people who are still victims of this trade.
Homework.	Homework.
What I feel?	What do I feel?
What I learn?	What did I learn?
In this period, I  learned a lot of interesting things about all the themes that my classmates explained.	In this period, I  learned a lot of interesting things about all the themes that my classmates explained.
I learned new vocabulary that I didn't know.	I learned new vocabulary that I didn't know.
I think the most important thing in a presentation is the vocabulary that you learn.	I think the most important thing in a presentation is the vocabulary that you learn.
And other thing that I must learn is not be afraid when I speak in front of people.	And the other thing that I must learn is not be afraid when I speak in front of people.
Although I feel a bit bad, and dissapointed of me because I've decided be more responsable with my homework and I didn't do it.	Although I feel a bit bad, and disappointed of myself because I've decided to be more responsible with my homework and I didn't do it.
In both presentation, I didn't effort for get a good note, because I know that i could do it better but I didn't, but also I didn't recived the support of my team.	In both presentations, I didn't make an effort to get a good note and I know that I could have done it better but I didn't, but also, I didn't receive the support of my team.
If I was lazy, they were lazier than me.	If I was lazy, they were lazier than me.
That's why I've learn that I got to work harder, if my team don't do anything,I got to do it because the note is important, and I guess that got to be individual.	That's why I've learned that I've got to work harder, if my team don't do anything, I've got to do it because the note is important, and I guess that I have to do it by myself.
At the other hand, I felt very amazed about some clasmates, they did a wonderful job, I felt envy of them because I'd love to do it at the same way or better.	On the other hand, I felt very amazed about some classmates. They did a wonderful job and I felt envious of them because I'd love to do it in the same way or better.
But I promise the next time I'll effort and I won't trust in my teammates.	But I promise that the next time I'll make an effort and I won't trust in my teammates.
The Best Restaurant in Xalapa.	The Best Restaurant in Xalapa.
I live in Xalapa, a nice city in Veracruz, Mexico.	I live in Xalapa, a nice city in Veracruz, Mexico.
I usually go to have dinner with my friend to  a restaurant called "Itacate" .	I usually go to have dinner with my friend at a restaurant called "Itacate" .
I usually go to have dinner with my friend to  a restaurant called "Itacate" .	I usually have dinner with my friend at a restaurant called "Itacate" .Traduce
In that restaurant you  can find typical Mexican dishes, they are very delicious!	In that restaurant you can find typical Mexican dishes, and they are very delicious!
The price isn't expensive and the service is good.	The price isn't high and the service is good.
You also can go there to have breakfast ah they give you free coffee, refilled!	You also can go there to have breakfast. Ah, they give you free coffee, and free refills!!
Itacate's has a great atmosphere, if you visit Xalapa this is the perfect place for have dinner!	Itacate's has a great atmosphere, if you visit Xalapa this is the perfect place to have dinner!
Itacate's has a great atmosphere, if you visit Xalapa this is the perfect place for have dinner!	Itacate's has a great atmosphere- if you visit Xalapa, this is the perfect place to have dinner!Traduce
Are you following me in Twitter?	Are you following me on Twitter?
Hello Everyone!	Hello Everyone!
If someone of Lang-8 is following me on Twitter, please send me a message because sometimes I didn't accept the request because I don't know who is the person that is following me.	If anyone from Lang-8 is following me on Twitter, please send me a message because sometimes I don't accept the requests because I don't know who the person that is following me is.
So I hope we can be in touch on twitter!	So I hope we can be in touch on twitter!
Have a nice day!	Have a nice day!
:D	:D
Intro	Intro
Ok, let's do this	Ok, let's do this
my first day here.......	my first day here.......
I really like all the languages, specially english,  i hope that this dairy will help me to improve my skills..	I really like all the languages, especially English; I hope that this diary will help me to improve my skills...
After i finished my high school i went for 5 months to US to study english in California.......	After i finished high school, I went for 5 months to the US to study english in California.......
what a great experience!!!!!, too much fun,,,,,,i met so nice people there, some of them are very good friends of me and i still chat with them....	what a great experience!!!!!, too much fun,,,,,,i met so nice people there, some of them are very good friends of mine, and i still chat with them....
since that time i'm in love with other languages and cultures.	since that time i'm in love with other languages and cultures.
So today, i was looking for good ways to practice my english in a interesting way, waching movies, chat, and talk is a very good way isn't it?	So today, i was looking for good ways to practice my english in an interesting way- watching movies, chatting, and talking are very good ways aren't they?
hahaha	hahaha
Good night and thaks for read,	Good night and thanks for reading,
c u soon	c u soon
HELP ME PLEASE!!!	HELP ME PLEASE!!!
I NEEG THAT SOMEONE READ MY COMPOSITION AND CORRECT IT PLEASE IS VERY IMPORTANT	I NEEG THAT SOMEONE READ MY COMPOSITION AND CORRECT IT PLEASE IS VERY IMPORTANT.
THANKS A LOT!!	THANKS A LOT!!
XOXO	XOXO
More days before vacations D=	More days before vacations D=
Hello!	Hello!
u_u I'm sad, I have to go to the school 7 days more because i lost 3 days for the celebration of the "cumbre iberoamericana" (i don't know if have translation) the presidents of south and center america and the king and queen of Spain come to the country to disscuss somethings about development.	u_u I'm sad, I have to go to the school 7 days more because i lost 3 days for the celebration of the "cumbre iberoamericana" (i don't know if have translation) the presidents of south and center america and the king and queen of Spain come to the country to disscuss somethings about development.
I went to the opening of the event, the event had a length of three days, so that ended yesterday, it was a really good experience I enjoyed the opening of the event.	I went to the opening of the event, the event had a length of three days, so that ended yesterday, it was a really good experience I enjoyed the opening of the event.
Now I'm going to study for my final quizes and then I hope to rest a lot!.	Now I'm going to study for my final quizes and then I hope to rest a lot!.
byebye.	byebye.
Hello :D	Hello :D
Hello!!	Hello!!
Today i did my Microsoft Office Specialist test and I pass it!!.	Today i took my Microsoft Office Specialist test and I passed it!!.
I'm very happy because I thought that I won't pass.	I'm very happy because I thought that I wouldn't pass.
Well now I'm completely free!, not school and not more quizes.	Well now I'm completely free!, no school and no more quizzes.
I want to study more Japanese for myself, but it's hard if you haven't somebody who teaches you or says to you if something is wrong but I will try =D.	I want to study more Japanese on my own, but it's hard if you don't have somebody to teach you or tell you if something is wrong but I will try =D.
Well I'm to continue playing xD.	Well I'm going to continue playing xD.
Bye	Bye
Hi again	Hi again
Hello!!	Hello!!
Long time ago not pass by lang -8	It's been a long time since I've been to lang-8.
But here i am again, i like a lot your help!	But here I am again and I would like a lot of help!
i learned a lot reading some profiles here.	I've learned a lot by reading some of the profiles here.
Some day i will write in Japanese but for now only English.	Some day, I will write in Japanese. But for now, only English.
This week i'm going to be very busy because i have a lot of homework to do x.	This week i'm going to be very busy because i have a lot of homework to do x.
x.	x.
The most difficult is make the book for my social service but well i have no option.	The most difficult is make the book for my social service but well i have no option.
Now i'm going to see anime *0*	Now, I'm going to watch some anime. *0*
Please correct my mistakes 	Please correct my mistakes 
See you!.	See you later!
Time goes by so fast!	Time goes by so fast!
Hello there :)	Hello there :)
There is almost a year since my last entry here in Lang-8.	It has almost been a year since my last entry here in Lang-8.
I did my TOEFL test on November last year and since then I haven't practiced my English at all!	I did my TOEFL test last November and since then I haven't practiced my English at all!
I feel like I've forgotten of many words and structures.	I feel like I've forgotten of many words and structures.
So I decided to begin writing some entries here in order to not forget how to write in English!	So I decided to begin writing some entries here in order to not forget how to write in English!
I've a pretty bad memory you know.	I've a pretty bad memory you know.
:P 	:P 
BRIEF HISTORY OF A. F  ROSSI	BRIEF HISTORY OF A. F  ROSSI
Well, i'm going to end my first year of preparatory in 10 days!	Well, i'm going to end my first year of preparatory in 10 days!
I'm happy!, but I want to practice my English in vacations.	I'm happy!, but I want to practice my English in vacations.
So i hope that someone can help me to correct the following excercise:	So i hope that someone can help me to correct the following excercise:
Exercise 174   Use only the words since, for,   ago, in,   on,   and at in these sentences.	Exercise 174   Use only the words since, for,   ago, in,   on,   and at in these sentences.
A  BRIEF HISTORY OF A.	A  BRIEF HISTORY OF A.
F.	F.
ROSSI 	ROSSI 
Mr.	Mr.
Rossi was born in Genoa, Italy,  He was      	Rossi was born in Genoa, Italy,  He was      
Born on March 15, 1907 at midnight.	Born on March 15, 1907 at midnight.
He lived in Genoa for eight years.	He lived in Genoa for eight years.
Then he moved to Rome in 1915.	Then he moved to Rome in 1915.
He fell in love with that city, and he has written a lot of stories about Rome since that time.	He fell in love with that city, and he has written a lot of stories about Rome since that time.
However, it has been quite a long time ago his last year in that city.	However, it has been quite a long time since his last year in that city.
He went to school in Rome for ten years.	He went to school in Rome for ten years.
He quit school in 1925.'     Then he worked at a large newspaper in France for five years.	He quit school in 1925.' Then he worked for a large newspaper in France for five years.
Mr.	Mr.
Rossi  came to the United States in the spring of 1930.	Rossi  came to the United States in the spring of 1930.
He became a citizen on the twentieth of April, 1935.	He became a citizen on the twentieth of April, 1935.
He has had a house in this city since that time.	He has had a house in this city since that time.
In all, he has lived in this country for quite a long time.	In all, he has lived in this country for quite a long time.
Mr.	Mr.
Rossi took a course in English a number of years ago.	Rossi took a course in English a number of years ago.
He started this course at ten o'clock in the morning on October 7, 1935.	He started this course at ten o'clock in the morning on October 7, 1935.
He studied English for two years.	He studied English for two years.
He has also studied German and Spanish since that time.	He has also studied German and Spanish since that time.
He studied German since the summer of 1940, and he started his Spanish course on February 3, 1943.	He studied German in the summer of 1940, and he started his Spanish course on February 3, 1943.
He studied this language for three years.	He studied this language for three years.
Mr.	Mr.
Rossi went to South America six years ago and he stayed there for two years.	Rossi went to South America six years ago and he stayed there for two years.
Then he returned to the United States in good.	Then he returned to the United States for good.
He has also written many things about South America in that trip.	He has also written many things about South America since that trip.
Mr.	Mr.
Rossi has been a professional writer since his first job in the French newspaper.	Rossi has been a professional writer since his first job for the French newspaper.
He wrote his first article in 1925.	He wrote his first article in 1925.
Since then, he has written almost 800 articles and stories	Since then, he has written almost 800 articles and stories
i really want to know more about in, on and at x.	i really want to know more about in, on and at x.
x	x
-w- a hard year	-w- a hard year
Hello =D	Hello =D
I've been very bussy and I couldn't visit this website until now.	I've been very busy and I couldn't visit this website until now.
I want to ask something, if anybody knows please explain me .	I want to ask something, if anybody knows please explain me .
I don't understand the "passives" very well, so I would like to learn more and practice more about that topic.	I don't understand the "passives" very well, so I would like to learn more and practice more about that topic.
These are some sentences that I did for my English class, I would like to know if they are correct:	These are some sentences that I did for my English class, I would like to know if they are correct:
*The hotel was inaugurated On August 5, 1966.	*The hotel was inaugurated On August 5, 1966.
*The Colosseum was built for Celine Dion’s show.	*The Colosseum was built for Celine Dion’s show.
And if the sentence in active is :	And if the sentence in active is :
*Caesars Palace has a Roman style	*Caesars Palace has a Roman style
Is the passive like that?:	Is the passive like that?:
*A roman style is having by Caesars Palace	*A roman style is having by Caesars Palace
Please answer me	Please answer me
Thanks :D	Thanks :D
My first post =D	My first post =D
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
I'm Jennifer but i prefer Jenni, i'm sixteen years old and i live in El Salvador.	I'm Jennifer but i prefer Jenni, i'm sixteen years old and i live in El Salvador.
My native language is spanish.	My native language is spanish.
I'm interested in many languages for example Chinese, French, German and Korean but at this moment i'm learning English and Japanese.	I'm interested in many languages for example Chinese, French, German and Korean but at this moment i'm learning English and Japanese.
I'm studying first year of preparatory in CCSA a bilingual school.	I'm studying my first year of preparatory in CCSA a bilingual school.
I'm studying first year of preparatory in CCSA a bilingual school.	I'm studying first year of preparatory in CCSA, which is a bilingual school.
I like play soccer, go to the movies and listen to music.	I like to play soccer, go to the movies and listen to music.
I like play soccer, go to the movies and listen to music.	I like playing soccer, going to the movies and listening to music.
I like play soccer, go to the movies and listen to music.	I like play soccer, go to the movies and listen to music. NOTE: good job at keeping the same syntax through your sentence.  For example, "to play soccer, to go to movies, and to listen to music."  Keep it up!
I really like japanese music and other bands as Coldplay and Linkin Park And i like the Anime so much.	I really like japanese music and other bands, such as Coldplay and Linkin Park. I also like Anime very much.
I really like japanese music and other bands as Coldplay and Linkin Park And i like the Anime so much.	I really like Japanese music and bands like Coldplay and Linkin Park. I also like the Anime very much. This is just a side note. You can use "very much" and still make your point. However, in American English, we use "a lot" in our every day speech.
Well it's a short introduce about myself,  in this moment i have a lot of homework X-X so I hope can write more things tomorrow.	Well it's a short introduce about myself. In this moment I have a lot of homework X-X so I hope can write more things tomorrow.
Well it's a short introduce about myself,  in this moment i have a lot of homework X-X so I hope can write more things tomorrow.	Well it's a short introduction of myself. At this moment, I have a lot of homework X-X so I hope can write more tomorrow. NOTE: If you have two thoughts in one sentence, the syntax should be the same. For example, you can say "This sky is blue, and the clouds are white." However, if you're saying, "This sky is blue, and the people are walking in the streets." Here you have two separate sentence structures and ideas. It is better to separate into two sentences, or add a semi-colon in between to look like, "This sky is blue; and the people are walking in the streets."
thanks to who will read this and please correct me =D	Thanks to everyone who will read this and please correct me =D
thanks to who will read this and please correct me =D	Thanks to everyone who will read this. Please correct me =D
hwk essay	hwk essay
Prompt:  It is said that the United States is the land of opportunity, and many immigrants have found it.	Prompt:  It is said that the United States is the land of opportunity, and many immigrants have found it.
However, some immigrants have not always been welcomed.	However, some immigrants have not always been welcomed.
They have faced hardships because of discrimination.	They have faced hardships because of discrimination.
Write an essay where you narrate an incident where you, or a family relative, or a friend experienced discrimination.	Write an essay where you narrate an incident where you, or a family relative, or a friend experienced discrimination.
Are we all equals before the law?	Are we all equals before the law?
Even though The Constitution of The United States of America clearly states that we are all equals before the law, it seems that this constitutional right it is not completely truth, almost every Latino immigrant have suffered some kind of discrimination by a government agency.	Even though The Constitution of The United States of America clearly states that we are all equals before the law, it seems that this constitutional right it is not completely truth. Almost every Latino immigrant have suffered some kind of discrimination by a government agency.
Even though The Constitution of The United States of America clearly states that we are all equals before the law, it seems that this constitutional right it is not completely truth, almost every Latino immigrant have suffered some kind of discrimination by a government agency.	Even though The Constitution of The United States of America clearly states that we are all equals before the law, it seems that this constitutional right it is not completely true, almost every Latino immigrant has suffered some kind of discrimination by a government agency.
In a recent survey most Latino immigrants have reported some cases of discrimination by the police department (local or state) and from the immigration service	In a recent survey, most Latino immigrants have reported some cases of discrimination by the police department (local or state) and from immigration services.
Policemen are on the streets to protect us from the criminals, but for most Latinos the police department is a synonym of discrimination.	Police are on the streets to protect us from the criminals, but for most Latinos, the police is a synonym for discrimination.
There have been a lot of reports spread by the press of police abuse against immigrants all over the country.	There have been many of reports by the press of police abuse against immigrants all over the country.
The most commons police abuses are: First, arresting Latinos immigrants only for their look, it looks like being a Latino make you a suspect of any crime on the vicinity , and second, arresting them simply because some immigrants do not speak English, and by consequence cannot defend their selves from the accusations.	The most commons police abuses are: First, arresting Latinos immigrants only for their look, it looks like being a Latino make you a suspect of any crime on the vicinity, and second, arresting them simply because some immigrants do not speak English, and by consequence, cannot defend themselves from accusations.
The most commons police abuses are: First, arresting Latinos immigrants only for their look, it looks like being a Latino make you a suspect of any crime on the vicinity , and second, arresting them simply because some immigrants do not speak English, and by consequence cannot defend their selves from the accusations.	The most common police abuses include the following: first, arresting Latino immigrants only for their look, it looks like being a Latino makes you a suspect of any crime on the vicinity , and second, arresting them simply because some immigrants do not speak English, and by consequence cannot defend themselves from the accusations.
I have not been arrested on my entire life, and have never had a problem with the police in my home country or in the US, but there was this time when a white lady hit me on the road, and despite the police officer saw the whole thing, he did not give the white lady a ticket.	I have not been arrested in my entire life, and I have never had a problem with the police in my home country or in the US, but there was this time when a white lady hit me on the road, and despite the police witnessing the incident, he did not give the white lady a ticket.
I have not been arrested on my entire life, and have never had a problem with the police in my home country or in the US, but there was this time when a white lady hit me on the road, and despite the police officer saw the whole thing, he did not give the white lady a ticket.	I have never been arrested in my entire life, and I have never had a problem with the police in my home country or in the US. However, there was this time when a white lady hit me on the road, and even though the police officer saw the whole thing, he did not give the white lady a ticket.
He was very gently with her and very rude with me.	He was very gente with her and very rude with me.
He was very gently with her and very rude with me.	He was very gentle with her and very rude with me.
He even harassed me telling me if I don’t leave the accident scene he will blame me for the accident.	He even harassed me telling me if I don’t leave the accident scene he will blame me for it.
He even harassed me telling me if I don’t leave the accident scene he will blame me for the accident.	He even harassed me by telling me that if I don’t leave the accident scene, he will blame me for the accident.
I told him that I was going to take the incident to court, and he told me that the judge will believe anything he tells him.	I told him that I was going to take the incident to court, and he told me that the judge will believe anything he tells him.
And you know what the judge did; he believes the policeman history and gave me a nice fine and a couple of points in my license for reckless driving.	And you know what the judge did? He believes the policeperson's history and gave me a nice fine and a couple of points on my license for reckless driving.
And you know what the judge did; he believes the policeman history and gave me a nice fine and a couple of points in my license for reckless driving.	And you know what the judge did? He believes the policeman's history and gave me a nice fine and a couple of points on my license for reckless driving.
I believe the policeman treat me like that because of my Latino accent.	I believe the officer treat me like that because of my Latino accent.
I believe the policeman treat me like that because of my Latino accent.	I believe the policeman treated me like that because of my Latino accent.
I felt so discriminated at that time.	I felt so discriminated at that time.
Another government institution beside the police departments that is known by its habits in discriminating Latino immigrants is the department of immigration and homeland security.	Another government institution, beside the police departments, that is known by its habits in discriminating against Latino immigrants is the Department of Immigration and Homeland Security.
Another government institution beside the police departments that is known by its habits in discriminating Latino immigrants is the department of immigration and homeland security.	Another government institution, beside the police departments, that is known by its habits of discriminating against Latino immigrants is the department of immigration and homeland security.
It seems that they think that all the Latinos in the United States are illegal immigrants.	It seems that they think that all the Latinos in the United States are illegal immigrants.
One of my friends once told me that he had been arrested for the department of immigration.	One of my friends once told me that he had been arrested by the Department of Immigration.
One of my friends once told me that he had been arrested for the department of immigration.	One of my friends once told me that he had been arrested by the department of immigration.
They took him away from his job and sent him to one of their facility for interrogation, my friend at that time had a green card but he never carry it around because he was afraid of losing it.	They took him away from his job and sent him to one of their facility for interrogation. My friend at that time had a green card, but he never carries it around because he is afraid of losing it.
They took him away from his job and sent him to one of their facility for interrogation, my friend at that time had a green card but he never carry it around because he was afraid of losing it.	They took him away from his job and sent him to one of their facilities for interrogation. My friend had a green card at that time, but he never carried it around because he was afraid of losing it.
He finally called his wife, who grabbed his green card from their home and took it to him.	He finally called his wife, who grabbed his green card from their home and took it to him.
He was release and they gave him an apology.	He was release and they aplogized to him.
He was release and they gave him an apology.	He was released and they gave him an apology.
He believes that they arrested him only because he did not speak English.	He believes that they arrested him only because he did not speak English.
Finally, Even though the US constitution makes us equals, some government agencies make Latino immigrants different.	Finally, even though the US Constitution makes us equals, some government agencies treat Latino immigrants different.
Finally, Even though the US constitution makes us equals, some government agencies make Latino immigrants different.	In conclusion, even though the US constitution makes us equals, some government agencies treat Latino immigrants differently.
It is already hard to leave our countries, came to America to work very hard, learned a new language and adopted a new culture, for some bureaucratic and inefficient institutions making it harder.	It is already hard to leave our countries, come to America to work very hard, learned a new language, and adopted a new culture. For some, bureaucracy and inefficient institutions makes it even harder.
It is already hard to leave our countries, came to America to work very hard, learned a new language and adopted a new culture, for some bureaucratic and inefficient institutions making it harder.	It is already hard enough to leave our countries, come to America to work very hard, learn a new language and adopt a new culture, for some bureaucratic and inefficient institutions to make it even harder.
Trying to write something in english	Trying to write something in english
I want to write something in english, but I don't know what to write about.	I want to write something in english, but I don't know what to write about.
My mind is blank right now, and with the music in the background I just can't focus, maybe because this music is so good, so powerful.	My mind is blank right now, and with the music in the background I just can't focus, maybe because this music is so good, so powerful.
I guess if I seriously want to write something I should turn the music off.	I guess if I seriously want to write something I should turn the music off.
Again I must say the music is so good, I don't wan to turn it off.	Again I must say the music is so good, I don't want to turn it off.
I hope to write the next time I try, but for now I just hear the music.	I hope to write the next time I try, but for now I just hear the music.
American TV Series	American TV Series
I really like some of the series that got on air in the last few years.	I really like some of the series that came on air in the last few years.
Here are some of them.	Here are some of them.
Dexter is about a forensic doctor that works for L.	Dexter is about a forensic doctor that works for the L.
A.	A.
Police Department.	Police Department.
He is a specialist in blood patterns at crime scenes.	He is a specialist in blood patterns at crime scenes.
He is a serial killer too.	He is a serial killer too
A killer's killer.	—a killer's killer.
He uses the access to the police department files to search for his victims.	He uses the access to the police department files to search for his victims.
House M.	House M.
D.	D.
is about a doctor specialized in diagnostics.	is about a doctor specialized in diagnostics.
He always get the weird cases, which nobody else can solve.	He always gets the weird cases, which nobody else can solve.
He solves his cases With the help of his doctors' team, but mainly thanks to his sharpness, determination and his eccentric view of life.	He solves his cases with the help of his team of doctors, but mainly thanks to his sharpness, determination and his eccentric view of life.
Lost (my favorite) is about the survivors of an airplane accident that crashes on the beach of a misterious tropical island.	Lost (my favorite) is about the survivors of an airplane accident that crashes on the beach of a mysterious tropical island.
The survivors try to scape from the island where amazing things can happen, for expample: people are healed from illness, polar bear attacks, a monster of smoke that kills people.	The survivors try to escape from the island where amazing things can happen; for example: people are healed from illness, there are polar bear attacks and a smoke monster that kills people.
Also exist the inhabitants of the island called "the others", who are dangerous people that tries to end the survivor's lifes.	Also, there exist the inhabitants of the island called "the others", who are dangerous people that try to end the survivors' lives.
This whole year I could not watch too much of this series, but surely I will watch the last season of Lost before this year ends.	This whole year I could not watch too much of these series, but surely I will watch the last season of Lost before this year ends.
What happen with you parents?	What happens with your parents?
What happen with you parents?	What happened with your parents?
(I was so piss off so I wrote this)	(I was so pissed off, so I wrote this)
*Correct my entry please.	*Correct my entry please.
I want to share it with my friends.	I want to share it with my friends.
Thank you in advance :)*	Thank you in advance :)*
I just wanted to talk with my mom but she was like yelling for everything (so I thought it was better to talk to her later) but then she was yelling me now so I yelled her because it was so frustrating that it is always the same.	I just wanted to talk with my Mom, but she was yelling about everything (so I thought it was better to talk to her later). She continued yelling at me so I yelled at her, because it was so frustrating that it is always the same.
I just wanted to talk with my mom but she was like yelling for everything (so I thought it was better to talk to her later) but then she was yelling me now so I yelled her because it was so frustrating that it is always the same.	I just wanted to talk with my mom, but she was yelling about everything (so I thought it was better to talk to her later). She kept yelling at me so I yelled at her back, because it was so frustrating that it is always the same.
We can't change other people.	We can't change other people.
If they don't want to change...	If they don't want to be changed...
nothing can change them.	nothing can change them.
*sigh*	*sigh*
What happen with you parents?	What happens with your parents?
What happen with you parents?	What happens with your parents?
What is more important than your sons??	What is more important than your sons??
What is more important than educate them by PAY ATTENTION to their worrys, insegurities, etc?.	What is more important than educating them by PAYING ATTENTION to their worries, insecurities, etc?.
What is more important than to yell them words that they will never forget and that cause them to feel miserable?	What is more important than yelling things at them that they will never forget and that will cause them to feel miserable?
Don't tell me that it is about MONEY	Don't tell me that it is about MONEY
Love, attention...	Love and attention
are more important than work all day to give your sons MONEY and don't talk to them because they're so busy working to gain MONEY.	are more important than working all day to give your sons MONEY and not talking to them because you're too busy working to earn MONEY. You said 'your sons' so you need to say 'because 'you're' so busy..."
(Now you can see why somethimes I hate MONEY so much)	(Now you can see why sometimes I hate MONEY so much)
People are blind because of it.	People are blind because of it.
There are simple but beautiful things that people are missing because they are so focused on working to gain MONEY.	There are simple but beautiful things that people are missing out on because they are so focused on working to earn MONEY.
Just ask anyone when their parents told them they love she/he.	Just ask anyone when their parents last told them that they love them.
They probably will answer that they don't know or don't remember.	They will probably answer that they don't know or don't remember.
Now ask them when they parents gave them MONEY.	Now ask them when they parents last gave them MONEY.
They probably will answer: This morning, afternoon, etc.	They will probably answer: This morning, afternoon, etc.
There is NO ´´hardest language in the world´´	There is NO ´´hardest language in the world´´
There is no hardest language in the world, just some languages that take you more time to learn because of diferent factors such as the diference in system of writing, grammar, pronounciation and your attitude.	There is no hardest language in the world, just some languages that take you more time to learn because of diferent factors such as the diference in system of writing, grammar, pronounciation and your attitude.
Yes, there is no such thing!	Yes, there is no such thing!
Maybe people only want to hear the language they speak is the hardest one to learn just because they only have that to make them important.	Maybe people only want to hear the language they speak is the hardest one to learn just because they only have that to make them important.
I want to give you an example to make it easier to understand what I want to say.	I want to give you an example to make it easier to understand what I want to say.
For example, it will take me more time to learn Korean, Chinese, Japanese etc.	For example, it will take me more time to learn Korean, Chinese, Japanese etc.
rather than English, Italian, Portuguese, etc.	rather than English, Italian, Portuguese, etc.
because my native language is Spanish, which is more different from the first ones.	because my native language is Spanish, which is more different from the first ones.
It is different because of the system of writing, the grammar and the pronounciation.	It is different because of the system of writing, the grammar and the pronounciation.
Maybe for Chinese people it will take them less time to learn Japanese or Korean, rather than English, Spanish, Italian, etc.	Maybe for Chinese people it will take them less time to learn Japanese or Korean, rather than English, Spanish, Italian, etc.
because their native language is much more similar to the other asiatic languages.	because their native language is much more similar to the other asiatic languages.
BUT this doesn't depends only of your native language, your attitude is another important factor to learn languages.	BUT this doesn't depends only of your native language, your attitude is another important factor to learn languages.
If you tell yourself you are studying ´´the hardest language in the world´´ your brain automatically relate that with the word: Impossible.	If you tell yourself you are studying ´´the hardest language in the world´´ your brain automatically relate that with the word: Impossible.
There is no impossible language.	There is no impossible language.
The time it will take you to achieve it, the effort you will make to achieve it, all depend on how effective is you language study and your attitude.	The time it will take you to achieve it, the effort you will make to achieve it, all depend on how effective is you language study and your attitude.
Continue studying Korean on Vacations.	Continue studying Korean on Vacations.
Today I decided to continue studying Korean.	Today I decided to continue studying Korean.
Lately, I have been studying it at all and without knowing in advance I had an interview last Saturday and it seemed like I didn't know anything of Korean, or like I completely forgot how to speak it.	Lately, I haven't been studying it at all, and without knowing about it in advance I had an interview last Saturday where it seemed like I didn't know a word of Korean, or like that I completely forgot how to speak it.
The interview was with a Korean Channel or something, I really didn't know because it was our Closing Event at our Korean Institute and I was so focused on correctly performing a Taekwondo dance with my group that day, but then my teacher came and told me to do that interview.	The interview was with a Korean Channel or something. I really didn't know because it was the closing event at our Korean Institute and I was so focused on correctly performing a Taekwondo dance with my group that day. Then out of nowhere my teacher came and told me to do that interview.
I think I was nervous or I didn't understand what the interviewer wanted me to say.	I think I was nervous ordidn't understand what the interviewer wanted me to say.
I introduced myself, not speaking correctly in some parts, and I noticed it, but they told me it was too long and I only needed to say something like ''I'm studying Korean and I like the Korean culture, I also like to listening to Korean music and practice Taekwondo''.	I introduced myself, not speaking correctly in some parts. I noticed my mistakes, but they told me it was too long and that I only needed to say something like, ''I'm studying Korean and I like Korean culture. I also like listening to Korean music and practicing Taekwondo''. 
It was really easy but I don't like the Korean music and I don't practice Taekwondo so it was like I was lying and I didn't like that.	It was really easy, but I don't like Korean music anddon't practice Taekwondo so it felt like I was lying and I didn't like that.
Avoiding this bad experience I had, I wanna share with you some nice moments I spent with my group at that event and after wards.	To avoid talking about this bad (me gusta la palabra "awkward" xD) experience . I wanna share with you some nice moments I had with my group at that event and what happened afterwards.
I'm just waiting for the pictures so I can share them with you.	I'm just waiting for the pictures so I can share them with you.
Thanks for reading and thanks in advance of the corrections.	Thanks for reading and thanks in advance for the corrections.
:)	:)
Tests of Proficiency	Tests of Proficiency
The tests of profiency are the most important test for language learners because these tests represent the students ability in a language.	The tests of proficiency are the most important tests for language learners because these tests represent the student's ability in a language.
Sometimes the students are so focused on studying, that they forget only to enjoy the language.	Sometimes the students are so focused on studying, that they forget to enjoy the language.
It is my case, because I want to get a scholarship to study abroad, so I take these tests more seriously and I sometimes get stressed and I can't just have fun with the languages studies.	This is true for me, because I want to get a scholarship to study abroad, so I take these tests more seriously and I sometimes get stressed and I can't just have fun with the languages studies.
Last April I took the Test of profiency in Korean or TOPIK, now I am preparing myself for another test, this time for an English test, TOEIC.	Last April I took the Test of profiency in Korean or TOPIK, now I am preparing myself for another test, this time for an English test, TOEIC.
The Toeic test may be more important in business areas rather than in the educational areas.	The Toeic test may be more important in business areas rather than in the educational areas.
So, what I want to take this test instead of another more focused in educational areas?.	So why would I want to take this test instead of another more focused in educational areas?
First of all, I choose this test because it is the first time I am taking an English test, considering that I was studying the language alone almost all the time and I am not used to take English tests of any kind.	First of all, I chose this test because it will be the first time I have taken an English test. Considering that I was studying the language alone almost all the time, I am not used to taking English tests of any kind.
Second, the test is convenient for me because of the prize, compared with others.	Second, the test is convenient for me because of the prize, compared with others.
Third, it does not have Speaking or Writing sections, so I have more time to focus my studies on sections such as Grammar, Listening and Vocabulary.	Third, it does not have Speaking or Writing sections, so I have more time to focus my studies on sections such as Grammar, Listening and Vocabulary.
I have the intention of taking another test in the future, like the TOEFL test, which in fact, has the Speaking and Writing sections.	I have the intention of taking another test in the future, like the TOEFL test, which in fact, has the Speaking and Writing sections.
So, I think that if I am now focusing on studying the Vocabulary, Grammar and Listening parts then when I decide to take the TOEFL test I will have to practice only the Speaking and Writing parts and improve in the other parts depending on the result of the previous examination.	So, I think that if I first focus on studying the Vocabulary, Grammar and Listening parts then when I decide to take the TOEFL test I will have to practice only the Speaking and Writing parts and improve in the other parts depending on the result of the previous examination.
It is like I am studying in stages, ensuring my final goal that is having the TOEFL test.	It is like I am studying in stages, ensuring my final goal of taking the TOEFL test.
I'm going to take the TOPIK test, the basic level...	I'm going to take the TOPIK test, the basic level...
but I'm not sure...	but I'm not sure...
I wish I have more time but the test is tomorrow!	I wish I have more time but the test is tomorrow!
ㅠㅠ	ㅠㅠ
Starting posting in English	Starting posting in English
(This is an entry from my other account where I used to write in English which I decided to delete)	(This is an entry from my other account where I used to write in English which I decided to delete)
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
I'm gonna start posting here in English as well.	I'm going to start posting here in English as well.
The reason I only write in Korean here is because this is like a secondary account I have, and I was really focused on just studying Korean, but I just notice that I have difficulty writing English.	The reason I only write in Korean here is because this is like a secondary account I have, and I was really focused on just studying Korean, but I have just noticed that I have difficulty in writing English.
I'm always unsure of what I'm going to write (I'm always insecure about what I'm going to write) and I got used to Google translator to review what I wanted to write.	I'm always unsure of what I'm going to write (I'm always insecure about what I'm going to write) both are okay and I got used to Google translator to review what I had written
I'm afraid of this because it seems like I didn't learn English before--I mean I didn't learn properly.	I'm afraid of this because it seems like I didn't learn English before--I mean I didn't learn properly.
I began studying English last year in April.	I began studying English last year in April.
It will be 2 years since that in a few months.	It will be 2 years since that in a few months.
So I'm here to write about anything but without using any translator or dictionary.	So here I will write about anything but without using a translator or dictionary. you could say any translators or dictionaries.
That's what I'm going to do with this account!	That's what I'm going to do with this account!
I would appreciate it if you help me sound more natural by correcting my journal!	I would appreciate it if you help me sound more natural by correcting my journal!
Have a happy weekend everyone ^^ 	Have a happy weekend everyone ^^ 
topik test	topik test
Hi everyone~ I am so tired now but I want to write something and practice~.~	Hi everyone~ I am so tired now, but I want to write something and practice~.~
Well, today I took the TOPIK test (Test of Proficiency in Korean) for which I was studying so hard.	Well, today I took the TOPIK test (Test of Proficiency in Korean) for which I was studying very hard for.
So I went to the Korean Institute, where I'm also studying the language, but I started the test a little late because my bus didn't come so I had to wait a lot	So, I went to the Korean Institute, where I'm also studying the language, but I started the test a little late because my bus didn't come... so I had to wait a lot.
Then when I arrived to the institute and started to make the test I felt very nervous and I felt bad, my stomach ached.	Then, when I arrived at the institute and started to take the test, I felt very nervous and I felt bad, my stomach hurt.
But I continue making the test, and then the pain gone.	But I continue taking the test, and the pain was gone.
When we finish the first part of the test, writing and vocabulary, we had a short break, very short I think, and then we continue with the second part, that corresponded to the listening and reading comprehension part.	When we finished the first part of the test, writing and vocabulary, we had a short break, very short I think. Then we continued with the second part, that corresponded to the listening and reading comprehension part.
This second part of the test was very difficult, I had to listen and interpreted the sentences and paragraphs very carefully.	This second part of the test was very difficult, I had to listen and interpret the sentences and paragraphs very carefully.
After all, I think I did the test well ~~ 	After all, I think I did well on the test. ~~ 
Thanks for reading I'm going to wait for your corrections, be good with me haha	Thanks for reading! I'm going to wait for your corrections, be good with me, hahah
Good night :3 ~	Good night :3 ~
Why does nobody correct my essays in English? (Edited)	Why does nobody correct my essays in English? (Edited)
I was thinking about writing a fictional story since I don't have any interesting story that happened to me in real life.	I was thinking about writing a fictional story since I don't have any interesting stories that happened to me in real life.
I would like to keep people interested in correcting my journal, but I realize that even if I write about something interesting, no one correct it either.	I would like to keep people interested in correcting my journal, but I realize that even if I write about something interesting, no one correct it either.
I'm talking only about my English essays, because If I write in Korean, in just minutes I have at least one person that correct them, but I'm not that good at Korean.	I'm talking only about my English essays, because If I write in Korean, in just minutes I have at least one person that correct them, but I'm not that good at Korean.
I think it will take me time until I can express complicated things.	I think it will take me time until I can express complicated things.
I want to ask you if there is another site where people can help me to correct some stories I'm thinking about writing.	I want to ask you if there is another site where people can help me to correct some stories I'm thinking about writing.
I want to develop writing skills because I want to express myself better and because I feel like writing every time I'm experiencing strong emotions, either of happiness or sadness.	I want to develop writing skills because I want to express myself better and because I feel like writing every time I'm experiencing strong emotions, either of happiness or sadness.
Journal in English~~	Journal in English~~
I just felt like writing because I'm so confuse and so unsure.	I just felt like writing because I'm so confused and so unsure.
I always feel like I'm not good enough for the boy I like, I felt embarrassed easily about what I say to him or how I act when I'm with him.	I always feel like I'm not good enough for the boy I like, I f feel embarrassed about what I say to him or how I act when I'm with him.
I know that I'm not good expressing myself, speaking or showing my feelings to the people I love, and I know that's not good so I'm trying to be improve that but it is still so hard.	I know that I'm not good at expressing myself, speaking or showing my feelings to the people I love, and I know that's not good so I'm trying to improve that. but it is still so hard.
Thinking about this for a moment I realized that now I'm feeling more alive!	Thinking about this for a moment I realize that now I'm feeling more alive!
Because I was so focused on doing well at my studies before that I was feeling a death in life person.	Because I was so focused on doing well at my studies before that I was feeling a death in life person.
I'm trying to see the positive side of all this that is happening to me because I hate to feel depressed and make the people that is around me feel the same way.	I'm trying to see the positive side of all this. All that is happening to me because I hate to feel depressed and make the people around me feel the same way.
There are so many people that I know that are like this and I don't like when they make me feel bad when they are feeling like that.	There are so many people that I know that are like this and I don't like it when they make me feel bad when they are feeling like that.
So, I'm going to go to bed now, feeling in love, trying not to feel bad, thinking about that it doesn't matter if I any make mistakes so I don't have to be unsure, thanking God because I realized this is the best feeling and because I'm not bad anymore.	So, I'm going to go to bed now, feeling in love, trying not to feel bad, thinking that it doesn't matter if I make mistakes. So I don't have to be insecure thanking God because I realize this is the best feeling and because I'm not upset or depressed anymore.
LOVE :)	LOVE :)
Thanks for reading my randomly journal.	Thanks for reading my random journal.
xD 	xD 
I will appreciate your corrections :)	I will appreciate your corrections :)
It seems like I don't know anything about English	It seems like I don't know anything about English
I feel really bad about my English abilities.	I feel really bad about my English skills.
Since I came to Korea I have to communicate with people in Korean and in English and I'm having a really hard time because I always make mistakes in English.	Ever since I came to Korea, I have to communicate with people in Korean and in English and I'm having a really hard time because I always make mistakes in English.
I think it is okay to make mistakes when you speak a foreign language, but I do BASIC mistakes.	I think it is okay to make mistakes when you speak a foreign language, but I make BASIC mistakes.
When I was in Paraguay I though that I have reach an accurate English level but now I think I was wrong, I'm just better writing than speaking in English.	When I was in Paraguay, I thought that I had achieved a good level of English, but now I think I was wrong. I'm just better writing than speaking in English. I don't know what you mean by your last sentence-- maybe something like, "I've realized that while I can write relatively well in English, my speaking skills are still weak."
But one thing that I don't understand is that when I have to speak it is like I don't know anything about grammar, words, pronunciation, but when I write I'm not that bad as you can see.	But one thing that I don't understand is that when I have to speak, it is as if I didn't know anything about grammar, words, or pronunciation, but when I write I'm not that bad, as you can see.
I'm not using even a translator or dictionary.	I'm not even using a translator or dictionary.
I didn't want to write about this because I would like to write more about things that don't depress you or something when reading them.	I didn't want to write about this because I would like to write more about things that aren't depressing for those reading them.
But I can't stop thinking about this, because every day I have to deal with some people that even dear to correct me when I speak, and THEY ARE NOT ENGLISH SPEAKER!	But I can't stop thinking about this, because every day I have to deal with certain people that even dare to correct me when I speak, and THEY ARE NOT EVEN NATIVE ENGLISH SPEAKERS! 
I hate that!	I hate that!
I'm thinking that I didn't learn English properly, because I learned it for 1 year, 2 years ago.	I'm starting to think that I didn't learn English properly, because I learned it for only one year, two years ago.
After 1 year studying the language at an Institute, I was able to understand almost everything that I read or listen, but always with a little of help of a dictionary.	After one year studying the language at an institute, I was able to understand almost everything that I read or listened to, but always with a little bit of help from a dictionary.
I also think that I have a lot of ´´input´´ of the language but not ´´output´´(practice), that's why I have a lot of problems now.	I also think that I have a lot of ´´input´´ of the language but not enough ´´output´´(practice), and that's why I have so many problems now.
What can I do?	What can I do?
I don't like the idea of studying from the beginning again.	I don't like the idea of starting over.
Filling up the ´´About me´´ item	Filling up the ´´About me´´ item
My name is Gabriela, call me Gaby or Gabywonie :)~~ 	My name is Gabriela, call me Gaby or Gabywonie :)~~ 
I'm gonna practice a lot here!!	I'm gonna practice a lot here!!
Yoshi!!	Yoshi!!
I'm studying Korean at an institute and English at home~~ 	I'm studying Korean at an institute and English at home~~ 
I like to listening to Italian podcasts and I almost understand everything but I don't know grammar rules or how to write in Italian :D	I like to listening to Italian podcasts, and I almost understand everything, but I don't know grammar rules or how to write in Italian :D
I want to practice Japanese too, but I forgot how to write in Higarana and Katakana.	I want to practice Japanese too, but I forgot how to write in higarana and katakana.
I'm going to be learning them again, maybe when I find some time.	I'm going to be learning them again, maybe when I find some time.
^^	^^
Blog	Blog
Hello Everyone!	Hello Everyone!
How are you doing with your language studies?.	How are you doing with your language studies?.
I would like to talk about my new Blog.	I would like to talk about my new Blog.
It's a blog I created today to share my resources of Korean with people who are studying Korean as well.	It's a blog I created today to share my resources of Korean with people who are studying Korean as well.
But I have a little problem with creating blogs (and forums) and publishing entries on them, because I am not constant, I mean, I delete blogs when I am bored of it or when I feel like they are a waste of time.	But I have a little problem with creating blogs (and forums) and publishing entries on them, because I am not consistent, I mean, I delete blogs when I become bored of them or when I feel like they are a waste of time.
The blogs I created before were not about Language Learning or Languages itself, they were about Anime (japanese animated series), asiatic culture in general, and I deleted all of them.	The blogs I created before were not about Language Learning or Languages itself, they were about Anime (japanese animated series), asiatic culture in general, and I deleted all of them.
I also thought on creating blogs about what I like such as Vegetarian Cooking and Korean Music, but I didn't create any of them.	I also thought about creating blogs about what I like such as Vegetarian Cooking and Korean Music, but I didn't create any of them.
Now I am worried that I may also feel like that and delet this new blog.	Now I am worried that I may feel that same way and delete this new blog,
Because it can be a waste of time then but at the same time it can be very helpful, for me because I can review all I have learned and for people who are looking for some resources of this language.	because it might be a waste of time, but at the same time it might be very helpful for me because I can review all I have learned and benefit people who are looking for some resources of this language.
I decided to write this here because I'm committing myself and committing with you not to give up with this.	I decided to write this here because I'm committing myself and committing with you not to give up on this.
And because I also want to promove my blog hehe (http: // room-501.	And because I also want to promote my blog hehe (http: // room-501.
blogspot.	blogspot.
com/)	com/)
Ok everyone, have a good weekend and thanks for the corrections in advance.	Ok everyone, have a good weekend and thanks for the corrections in advance.
Italian Language Analysis 1 (Italian-English-Spanish Comparison)	Italian Language Analysis 1 (Italian-English-Spanish Comparison)
With this post I will make an analysis of the Italian language and I compare it to Spanish and English	With this post I will make an analysis of the Italian language and I compare it to Spanish and English
I began to study Italian a few weeks ago and I still did not study the grammar and I just learned some words.	I began to study Italian a few weeks ago and I still did not study the grammar and I just learned some words.
In a recent post I publiced the following sentences: 	In a recent post I publiced the following sentences: 
The apple is red.	The apple is red.
It is John’s apple.	It is John’s apple.
I give John the apple.	I give John the apple.
We give him the apple.	We give him the apple.
He gives it to John.	He gives it to John.
She gives it to him.	She gives it to him.
I must give it to him.	I must give it to him.
I want to give it to her.	I want to give it to her.
I publiced this few sentences because they will help me to notice the structure of the language, this means some grammar points and the differences and similarities with my native language.	I publiced this few sentences because they will help me to notice the structure of the language, this means some grammar points and the differences and similarities with my native language.
Before I began to study Italian I knew it was similar to Spanish, so I thought and I still think it will be essay to learn.	Before I began to study Italian I knew it was similar to Spanish, so I thought and I still think it will be essay to learn.
I reached to the following conclusions.	I reached to the following conclusions.
Structure 1	Structure 1
English: The apple is red	English: The apple is red
Spanish: La manzana es roja	Spanish: La manzana es roja
Italian: La mela é rossa	Italian: La mela é rossa
With this sentences I noticed that it has the same structure of S+V+O+A as Spanish and English.	With this sentences I noticed that it has the same structure of S+V+O+A as Spanish and English.
(Subject+Verb+Object+Adverb)	(Subject+Verb+Object+Adjective)
Structure 2	Structure 2
English: The car is blue	English: The car is blue
English: The house is brown	English: The house is brown
With this sentences we can see the language has also definite articles for gender (L' and La) as in Spanish (El and La), while in English there is only the definite article The.	With these sentences we can see the language has also definite articles for gender (L' and La) as in Spanish (El and La), while in English there is only the definite article The.
We also notice the similar words with Spanish.	We also notice the similar words with Spanish.
Structure 3	Structure 3
English: The apple is red	English: The apple is red
English: The building is red	English: The building is red
I added this two sentences to know if the language, as Spanish, has gender for the adjetives: Roja-Rojo, Rossa-Rosso.	I added this two sentences to show if the language, as Spanish, has gender for the adjetives: Roja-Rojo, Rossa-Rosso.
I will continue in another post.	I will continue in another post.
Thanks for the corrections.	Thanks for the corrections.
(I went to the korean institute)	(I went to the korean institute)
I am going to continue later.	I am going to continue later.
How do you say 'you're an idiot' in japanese?	How do you say 'you're an idiot' in Japanese?
My friend said it's 	My friend said it's 
I'm pretty sure its wrong I just don't know how.	I'm pretty sure its wrong I just don't know how.
I know baka is a form of idiot but this seems wrong.	I know baka is a form of idiot but this seems wrong.
I dont know how though.	I don't know how though.
Hi	Hi
Hi everyone, here my first post just to see how it works.	Hi everyone, here my first post just to see how it works.
I'll tell you about me.	I'll tell you about me.
My name is Brian, 20 years old, from Argentina.	My name is Brian, I'm 20 years old, and from Argentina.
Besides high school english class (wich it's so basic and all the same old lessions every year), actually I've never study english officialy.	Besides high school English class (which is so basic and has the same old lessons every year),  I've actually never studied English officially.
It was like a natural process.	It was like a natural process.
I really like english music and movies, so I guess that's how I've learned most	I really like English music and movies, so I guess that's how I've learned most of it. 
Ok, I write poems (in spanish) but lately I been trying to write in english, anyways I don't feel quite secure yet to do it right.	Ok, I write poems (in Spanish) but lately I been trying to write in English, but I don't feel quite secure in my abilities yet .
So I've desided to get a little help ;) Hope this thing helps me to improve my english.	So I've decided to get a little help ;) I hope this thing helps me to improve my English.
we'll see..	we'll see..
Ok, that's all, thank u for reading, i'll try to correct some post in spanish now.	Ok, that's all, thank you for reading, I'll try to correct some posts in Spanish now.
c u soon!	c u soon!
Some people in the U.S. hesatite to call the police for help. Compare the role of police in your country to the role of police in the U.S., specifi cally New York . How do people feel about asking the police in for help- on street, in their home, and their place of work?	Some people in the U.S. hesatite to call the police for help. Compare the role of police in your country to the role of police in the U.S., specifi cally New York . How do people feel about asking the police in for help- on street, in their home, and their place of work?
Imagine if any countries had police, how would be our lives?	Imagine a country without a police force. How would our live be?
In my opinion the police represent a hard role giving us their help and also making our lives less dangerous.	In my opinion, the role of police is hard since they are protecting citizens and making our lives less dangerous.
First of all, the role of police in my country is not the best service compared with the role of police in New York.	First of all, the role of police in my country is not the best compared with the role of police in New York City.
In Colombia when some people have trouble hesitate to call the police because this takes almost an hour to arrive and therefore this does not help much.	In Colombia, when people have trouble they hesitate to call the police because they take almost an hour to arrive, therefore calling does not help much.
Furthermore is not common to see the police on the street or near home that is why in my country people feel insecure about asking the police for help and is also the last option that people think for helping.	Furthermore, it is not common to see the police patrolling on the street or near homes. Hence, the people of my country feel insecure about asking the police for help, thus asking the police for help is the last option people think of.
On the other hand the role of police in New York is much better because you can see their work in different places.	On the other hand, the role of police in New York City is better because you can see them at work in many different places.
Probably this is because New York has many rules and laws that the police should enforce; perhaps that is why some people in the U.	This is probably because New York City has many rules and laws that the police should enforce. Perhaps that is why some people in the U.
S hesitate to call the police for help because depending on the severity of the problem also depends on how long the process will take in case you have to go to court.	S hesitate to call the police for help. Once the police is involved, depending on the severity of the problem, most people at the scene must then prepare to defend their case in court. Hence, the process could become long and troubling.
In New York whatever where you go you can find the police, then you can feel more confident and secure asking the police for help.	In New York City, wherever you go you can find the police, thus you feel more confident and secure about asking the police for help.
Therefore, I think that the best way for solving the problems or some questions is calling the police.	Overall, I think that the best way for solving the problems or getting some questions answered is by calling the police.
Greeting	Greetings
This is Iván.	This is Iván.
I am from Colombia and I am learning english.	I am from Colombia and I am learning english.
I do not understand well how this web site works.	I do not understand well how this website works.
Might somebody make me to know how?	Can somebody teach me how this website works?
I hope all of you have very great days, merry Christmas and a very nice next year.	I hope all of you have very great days, a merry Christmas and a very nice year ahead of you.
hi	hi
My name is sandra , and im studying english because i think is a very important language in the world .	My name is Sandra, and I'm studying English because I think it is a very important language in the world.
Actually Im going to study in Canada ,so i can practice more my english .	Actually Im going to study in Canada ,so i can practice more my english .
i think i dont have a very good grammar , so i have to work hard on it .	i think i dont have a very good grammar , so i have to work hard on it .
i have been studying english fore many years but  i dont think i cant express al the thinks that i want to say	I have been studying English for many years, but I don't think I can express all the thoughts that I want to say.
exams	exams
Today I have to study hard because tomorrow I'm  going to have a grammar exam it makes me feel so nervous .	Today I have to study hard because tomorrow I'm going to have a grammar exam. It makes me feel so nervous .
I dont know if I can pass it with a good grade, I only know that the gerunds and the infinitives used to confuse me .	I dont know if I can pass it with a good grade; I only know that the gerunds and the infinitives used to confuse me .
actually I dont like to make exams, but this is the only way to know if im learning .	Actually I dont like to take exams, but this is the only way to know if I'm learning .
Since last week I have been studying , but Im not sure if Im prepare for this exam  , also today I had a vocabulary exam  but I think it was to easy.	Since last week, I have been studying, but I'm not sure if I'm prepared for this exam. Also, today I had a vocabulary exam, but I think it was too easy.
I hope I haven't made a lot of mistakes !!	I hope I haven't made a lot of mistakes!!
missing Vancouver	missing Vancouver
I realized that Ireally miss vancouver , it was a nice and amazing place where Iknew alot of interesting and amazing people.	I realized that I really miss vancouver , it was a nice and amazing place where I knew alot of interesting and amazing people.
Its almost 3 months since I left Van , it's a lot of time , and it passed so fast  .	Its been almost 3 months since I left Van , it's a lot of time , and it passed so fast  .
I have talked with almost all my friends form there but I still missing them .	I have talked with almost all my friends from there but I still missing them.
I think the things that I really miss are my indpendence my friends and the things I did ,	I think the things that I miss the most are my indpendence, my friends, and the things I did.
If I just only could return ,would be awesome , someday I'll return that's for sure  until then I'll be missing the life I had .	If only I could return, it would be awesome. Someday I'll return, that's for sure. Until then I'll be missing the life I had.
Today	Today
Today I went to Stanley Park its a really beautyfull place you can see the sea and you can stay in the park at the same time.	Today I went to Stanley Park. It's a really beautiful place where you can see the sea and stay in the park at the same time.
I think that ausom  .	I think that's awesome.
Also this park has so many and beautyfull  tiny waterfalls  and there are a lot of ducks , ohh!!!	Also, this park has so many beautiful tiny waterfalls. There are a lot of ducks, too. ohh!!!
I love ducks they are son  funny and ahhh !!	I love ducks. They are so  funny and ahhh!!
they are always free ,swimming in the water like if nothing else matters .	They are always free, swimming in the water as if nothing else matters.
They are so cute .	They are so cute.
I really think that most of the parks here are beautyfull and I used to think that Im in a fairytale because they look as a fairytale garden .	I really think that most of the parks here are beautiful. I used to think that I was in fairytale because they look like fairytale gardens.
well bye	Well, bye.
today !!	today !!
today I had a big surpise , I enter to the myspace of one of my favorite rock band in spanish  and I realized that the have a blog where  the memebers of the band say goodbye to everyone  .	today I had a big surpise , I entered the myspace of one of my favorite rock bands in spanish and I realized that the have written a blog where the memebers of the band said goodbye to everyone .
it was so sad , I mean they were really good playing  ( the bad thing : they werent famous or recognized by alot of people ,I think that suck's ) 	it was so sad , I mean they were really good ( the bad thing : they weren't famous or recognized by a lot of people ,I think that sucks )
the music they play I really liked the lyrics were really good , I dont know why the band died but its so sad .	I really liked the music they played; the lyrics were really good , I don't know why the band broke up&nbsp;but its so sad .
I hate when the independent rock bands died because they are not famous and they cant find the oportunities to sucseed  	I hate when independent rock bands break up because they are not famous and they can't find the opportunities to succeed.
I hope some day they play again that would be awesome !!!!!!	I hope some day they will play again; that would be awesome !!!!!!
I'll be waiting for that day  ^^	I'll be waiting for that day  ^^
bus	bus
hi!!	hi!!
Well yesterday I get so mad because of the driver of the bus .	Yesterday I got so mad at the bus driver.
I was so mad because in the street an old man  was trying to walk fast to catch the bus an actually he was near  the bus  he made  a signal to the driver just for wait him and when he was beside the doors of the bus ( the doors were closed) the driver didnt open the doors and strat to drive , this kind of things  drives me out , because is not the first time that I see this , and I dont think this is fair .	In the street an old man was trying to walk fast to catch the bus. He was actually near the bus and he made a signal to the driver to wait for him. When he was beside the doors of the bus (the doors were closed), the driver didn't open the doors and started to drive away. This kind of thing drives me nuts, because this is not the first time that I have seen this, and I don't think it is fair .
In my country the driver can make stop  everywhere and they also wait the people that is trying to get into the bus and also the cost of the bus is really cheap .	In my country the driver can make stops everywhere. They also wait for people that are trying to get onto the bus. The cost of the bus is really cheap, too. "and also the cost of the bus is really cheap" es correcto, pero es un poco incómodo a fin de la oración.
I think ther are a lot of good things about the bus here , I mean most of the time they are so clean , they have the sistem for the people that is in wheels chair and they are  big.	I think there are a lot of good things about the bus here. I mean, most of the time they are clean, they have a system for people in wheel chairs, and they are big.
I think that's why is expensive ,  but I dont like that they can't stop in all the streets or that the drivers can't wait the people that is running to catch the bus .	I think that's why they are expensive,  but I don't like that they can't stop at all the streets or that the drivers can't wait for people who are running to catch the bus.
these days 	these days 
well it has been  long time since I write here .	well it has been  long time since I write here .
I have to tell that this month has been a great one .	I have to tell that this month has been a great one .
I passed my univerity test to get in so Im so happy .	I passed my univerity test to get in so Im so happy .
Today I'll know my class rooms and my scedule .	Today I'll know my class rooms and my scedule .
Now I have to worry about the school , cause I havent been at school in 1 year so Im a bit nervous cause I  dont know what will happen now.	Now I have to worry about the school , cause I havent been at school in 1 year so Im a bit nervous cause I  dont know what will happen now.
Also I've been playing halo 3 online  and rockband I think I really like videogames, even though Im not so good playing them , all my friends who are boys tell me that is to strange to know a girl who have and like videogames , is that so strange ???	Also I've been playing halo 3 online  and rockband I think I really like videogames, even though Im not so good playing them , all my friends who are boys tell me that is to strange to know a girl who have and like videogames , is that so strange ???
well I dont know but I'll still playing them 	well I dont know but I'll still playing them 
Also I got some good news from a friend that lives in korea , he will get married I hope I can go to his wedding I think that would be so cool , and also I would have the chance to meet other friends 	Also I got some good news from a friend that lives in korea , he will get married I hope I can go to his wedding I think that would be so cool , and also I would have the chance to meet other friends 
well I think that all for now !!!	well I think that all for now !!!
bye 	bye 
this week	this week
Well this week I've been so happy a lot of good things had happened to me and this make me really happy .	I've been so happy this week, a lot of good things have happened to me and this makes me really happy.
Like yesterday , it was awesome , I have a friend that work in an internet radio program so so he know´s a lot of bands , so yesterday I was talking to him and then he introduced me the members of a band that I love , it was so great .	Like yesterday, it was awesome, I have a friend that works in an internet radio program, so he knows a lot of bands. I was talking to him yesterday, and then he introduced me to the members of a band that I love! It was so great.
Also I've been talking with friends that  I usually dont talk with because they are always having some work ..	Also, lately, I've been talking with friends that I usually don't talk with because they are always busy...
This week I have been reading a lot of mangas ( japanese animation books ).	This week, I have been reading a lot of mangas (Japanese animation books).
Im so happy because on monday I  found a manga that I had been seaching for 2 years  , and also I found an internet page where you can read mangas  .	I'm so happy because on Monday, I found a manga that I have been searching for for 2 years, and also I found an internet page where you can read mangas.
I think this week was really wonderfull 	I think this week has been really wonderful.
bye bye	bye bye
Just practicing	Just practicing
Hi, everybody	Hi, everybody
So, I'm trying to improve my English writing skills.	So, I'm trying to improve my English writing skills.
I've been using the language for several years but I still feel that sometimes I don't know if I am writing just as a translator from my native language (Spanish) or if I am really communicating in good English.	I've been using the language for several years but I still feel that sometimes I don't know if I am writing just as a translator from my native language (Spanish) or if I am really communicating in good English.
Sometimes when I post something online there are people that notice that am not a native English speaker.	Sometimes when I post something online there are people that notice that I am not a native English speaker.
Why is that?	Why is that?
I suppose that the reason is that I fail to use common language idioms and sometimes just write overly complicated things.	I suppose that the reason is that I fail to use common language idioms and sometimes just write overly complicated things.
Anyway, I hope that practicing constantly will eventually make me have abetter understanding of well written English.	Anyway, I hope that practicing constantly will eventually make me have a better understanding of well written English.
Thanks in advance for any help and improvement advice!	Thanks in advance for any help and improvement advice!
Mexico vacations	Mexico vacations
I want to practice some English.	I want to practice some English.
I live in Aguascalientes, Mexico.	I live in Aguascalientes, Mexico.
2 years ago, students from the High School "Oak Grove" came to my Junior High.	Two years ago, students from the high school "Oak Grove" came to my junior high.
Each family hosted a boy or a girl depending of the families.	Each family hosted a boy or a girl depending on the family.
I couldn't host anyone because my house is very little, and there wasn't enough space for she/he.	I couldn't host anyone because my house is very little and there wasn't enough space for she/he,
But we had a great time.	but we had a great time.
We went to Guanajuato city, and to many interesting cultural places.	We went to Guanajuato City and to many interesting cultural places.
We also had a difficult time talking English, because some of them were from other countries and they didn't know to speak English very well.	We also had a difficult time talking English because some of them were from other countries and they didn't know how to speak English very well.
There was a Korean boy called June.	There was a Korean boy called June.
Maybe if i meet him now, I'll ask him to help me with my Korean!	Maybe if I meet him now I'll ask him to help me with my Korean
Because it sucks!	because it sucks!
I hate exams, I hate Mondays.	I hate exams, I hate Mondays.
In my high school, everyone is going to make English exam on Monday.	At my high school, everyone is going to take an English exam on Monday.
It's going to be a difficult one, with a lot of difficult words and all that stuff.	It's going to be a difficult one, with a lot of difficult words and all that stuff.
My teacher Diana is like hell, yeah not kidding.	My teacher Diana is like hell, yeah not kidding.
She only has one purpose in life and it's  destroy my whole life.	She only has one purpose in life and it's to destroy my whole life.
: )	: )
So I have to study a lot for next Monday.	So I have to study a lot for next Monday.
Yesterday I was watching the " Angry Video Game Nerd's" Videos, and they were awesome, Have you watched some of his videos?	Yesterday I was watching the " Angry Video Game Nerd's" Videos, and they were awesome. Have you watched some of his videos?
If you haven't I highly recommend you to watch them.	If you haven't I highly recommend that you watch them.
That's all for today.	That's all for today.
Thanks Everyone for your corrections.	Thanks everyone for your corrections.
I am legend movie	I am legend movie
Last night I watched the movie "I am legend".	Last night I watched the movie "I am legend".
The main character is starred by Will Smith.	The main character is starred by Will Smith.
The movie starts in New York, 2009.	The movie starts in New York, 2009.
The scientist have discovered the total cure of cancer.	The scientist have discovered the total cure of cancer.
Or that's what they thought.	Or that's what they thought.
Later this cure become a terrible virus, an epidemic.	Later this cure become a terrible virus, an epidemic.
99% of the population became infected, and most of them died.	99% of the population became infected, and most of them died.
Infected people who didn't die, became terrible beasts.	Infected people who didn't die, became terrible beasts.
They acted like rabies, and atacted everyone non infected.	They acted like rabies, and atacted everyone non infected.
But that's not all, the virus also infected the animals.	But that's not all, the virus also infected the animals.
Then the movie moves to year 2012.	Then the movie moves to year 2012.
Robert Neville (Scientist) is a survivor, he's immune.	Robert Neville (Scientist) is a survivor, he's immune.
He's in New York City completely alone, just with his dog Sam.	He's in New York City completely alone, just with his dog Sam.
During the sunlight he goes to the DVD store, looks for food...	During the sunlight he goes to the DVD store, looks for food...
like a normal life.	like a normal life.
But when the night comes, he stays at house, with every window locked.	But when the night comes, he stays at house, with every window locked.
It's the time to the "others", infected people; because they can't stand the sunlight.	It's the time to the "others", infected people; because they can't stand the sunlight.
He will not leave the City until he find a cure of this Virus.	He will not leave the City until he find a cure of this Virus.
I like this film.	I like this film.
It's interesting.	It's interesting.
Can you imagine in the same situation as him??	Can you imagine in the same situation as him??
I mean, what will you do If you became a only survivor of a plague?	I mean, what will you do If you became a only survivor of a plague?
No people, no noise, nothing.	No people, no noise, nothing.
Nodoby to talk with.	Nodoby to talk with.
Well, you can talk with the dog ^^U.	Well, you can talk with the dog ^^U.
But imagine you have no dog XD It will be OK for some days, waoh I can do anything'cause there is no fathers...	But imagine you have no dog XD It will be OK for some days, waoh I can do anything'cause there is no fathers...
no police...	no police...
but 3 years alone??	but 3 years alone??
It's crazy, I think I would became mad.	It's crazy, I think I would became mad.
No, I would kill myself before I became mad...	No, I would kill myself before I became mad...
Hello everybody	Hello everybody
Hello, I'm Spanish.	Hello, I'm Spanish.
I didn't notice 'till last week that this website was so usefull!!	I hadn't noticed until last week that this website was so useful!!
I'm studing Japanese and Finnish.	I'm studing Japanese and Finnish.
Also I wanna improve my English, 'cause I always do a lot of mistakes XD 	Also I wanna improve my English, 'cause I always do a lot of mistakes XD 
When I speak with people from England I have no problem, but when I have to speak with American people it's a little bit difficult to understand them u.	When I speak with people from England I have no problem, but when I have to speak with American people it's a little bit difficult to understand them u.
u	u
Nice to meet you^^	Nice to meet you^^
And good luck to everybody!!	And good luck to everybody!!
Hello!	Hello!
It has been a while since the last English diary.	It has been a while since the last English diary.
Today I went to the Egyptian Art museum of Barcelona with my classmates from University.	Today I went to the Egyptian Art museum of Barcelona with my classmates from University.
It was really interesting, I loved the sculptures of the godness Bastet (she's represented as a cat).	It was really interesting, I loved the sculptures of the goddess Bastet (she's represented as a cat).
After visit it, I went to Japanese class.	After the visit, I went to Japanese class.
After visit it, I went to Japanese class.	After visiting it, I went to Japanese class.
Today the teacher explained the new Kanji lesson and we learn some new grammar.	Today the teacher explained the new Kanji lesson and we learned some new grammar.
Also the teacher returned the kanji's exams from Monday.	Also the teacher returned the kanji's exams from Monday.
My mark was 100/100, no mistake.	My mark was 100/100, no mistakes.
I'm so happy^^	I'm so happy^^
Yesterday I see on Internet that in the British Museum of London there is a special exhibition about Babylon.	Yesterday I saw on Internet that there is a special exhibition about Babylon in the British Museum of London.
I want to see that!	I want to see that!
But I have no money enough to travel to London...	But I do not have enough money to travel to London...
I've left curriculum vitae in some stores, I hope somehow will call me to make a job-interview.	I've left curriculum vitae in some stores, I hope somehow will call me to make a job-interview.
I need money T.	I need money T.
T	T
Hard rains in Spain	Hard rains in Spain
Until the Autum has come, it's been raining a lot in Spain.	Until the Autum has come, it's been raining a lot in Spain.
In Barcelona (where I live) it has been raining, but not too much.	In Barcelona (where I live) it has been raining, but not too much.
But in other areas, specially in the north and in the center of the country some cities are flooded.	But in other areas, specially in the north and in the center of the country some cities are flooded.
And the rain has destroyed a lot of houses, stores and fields.	And the rain has destroyed a lot of houses, stores and fields.
I remembed that every year during this season some places get flooded, but not as much as this year.	I remembed that every year during this season some places get flooded, but not as much as this year.
Everyday in the TVNews appear a new city or village that is flooded.	Everyday in the TVNews appear a new city or village that is flooded.
My PC is broken	My PC is broken
Hi erveryone!	Hi erveryone!
I just want to say thank you for all the people who correct my diary.	I just want to say thank you for all the people who correct my diary.
My PC has broken and I don't know when I'll have internet again u.	My PC has broken and I don't know when I'll have internet again u.
u	u
Now I'm in a Internet Cafe, this PC doesn't read japanese characters, so I must write in English^^	Now I'm in an Internet Cafe, but this PC doesn't read japanese characters, so I must write in English^^
See you!	See you!
Controversial traditional celebrations in Spain	Controversial traditional celebrations in Spain
One of the most famous celebrations of Spain is "Bullfight".	One of the most famous celebrations of Spain is "Bullfighting".
In Spanish it's called "Corrida de toros".	In Spanish it's called "Corrida de toros".
A man wearing traditional costumes called "Torero" fight with a Bull.	A man wearing traditional costume called "Torero" fights with a bull.
The Torero has a speacil sword and some spears.	The Torero has a special sword and some spears.
He has to hurt the Bull with it, and prevent that the Bull don't him.	He has to hurt the bull with it, and prevent the bull from hurting him.
(it's difficult for the Bull to hit the Torero, because before the celebration somehow inject something to the Bull that makes it feel a little bit sleepy, like a drug) Later, when the Bull is completly bleeding, the Torero kill it.	(it's difficult for the Bull to hit the Torero, because before the celebration they somehow inject something into the Bull that makes it feel a little bit sleepy, like a drug) Later, when the Bull is completely bleeding, the Torero kills it.
This celebration is done so often, specially during the summer.	This celebration is done very often, especially during the summer.
And most of Spanish people go to see it, and some foreign people, too.	And most Spanish people go to see it, and some foreign people, too.
Why is this celebration so interesting???	Why is this celebration so interesting?
Why is make a Bull suffer and then kill it interesting???	Why is making a Bull suffer and then killing it interesting?
That Bull has no gulty!!	That Bull has no guilt!!
Poor Bull !!	Poor Bull !!
It's an animal and it has to be respected!!	It's an animal and it has to be respected!!
But the Torero and all the people who see it has no respect to it!!!	But the Torero and all the people who see it have no respect for it!!!
This celebration makes me feel ashmed of being Spanish T.	This celebration makes me feel ashmed of being Spanish T.
T	T
Now in Cataluña Region (Barcelona is in Cataluña) it's forbidden.	Now in Cataluña Region (Barcelona is in Cataluña) it's forbidden.
And I'm happy about it.	And I'm happy about it.
But some other Regions still celebrate it.	But some other regions still celebrate it.
This celebration is really controversial in Spain because there are people (me included) who want to forbid it in the whole country.	This celebration is really controversial in Spain because there are people (me included) who want to forbid it in the whole country.
But in the other hand, there are a lot of people who don't want it to be banished, because It's a Historical Celebration.	But in the other hand, there are a lot of people who don't want it to be banished, because It's a Historical Celebration.
They say that the Bull doesn't suffer ¬¬ Who the hell believe it!!!!	They say that the Bull doesn't suffer ¬¬ Who the hell believe's that!!!
A Bull bleeding doesn't suffer???	A bleeding Bull doesn't suffer???
That's completely false!!	That's completely false!!
I don't know If this celebration it's also done in other countries, I hope not.	I don't know If this celebration is also done in other countries, I hope not.
What do you thing about this Celebration??	What do you think about this celebration??
I hate it.	I hate it.
What do you do in your free time?	What do you do in your free time?
I haven't much free time.	I haven't much free time.
I like to go to the cinema but it's a bit expensive    and the movies that the cinema brings to the city aren't the movies that I like.	I like to go to the movies but it's a bit expensive plus I don't care for the movies they show.
I like to read too.	I like to read too.
Normally, in my free time, I stay with my family.	Normally, in my free time, I stay with my family.
Staying in family, we talk...	We talk...
we drink "mates"...	we drink "mates"...
and we eat too much :)	and we eat too much :)
Interview	Interview
I'll have a work interview tomorrow.	I have a work interview tomorrow.
Part of this interview will be in English.	Part of the interview will be in English.
I know that I'm not prepared, but no matter.	Este usado de "no matter," por lo menos para estadounidenses como yo, parece arcaíco o británico.
Clearly, I'll have other opportunities.	Clearly, I'll have other opportunities.
I'm not sad in my actual work...	I'm not unhappy in my actual work...
I have great partners, I have a good boss (always he is far away), I haven't a lot of responsibilities.	I have great partners, I have a good boss (he's always far away), I haven't a lot of responsibilities.
I have great partners, I have a good boss (always he is far away), I haven't a lot of responsibilities.	I have great colleagues, I have a good boss (although he is always far away), and  I don't have a lot of responsibilities.
I want to change because the change meaning a develop for me in a lot a senses.	I want to change because change means a development for me in a lot of senses.
I want to change because the change meaning a develop for me in a lot a senses.	But I want to change jobs because the change will mean a chance for my own development in a lot a senses.
But it's not the moment...	"But it's not the right moment..."?
But it's not the moment...	But is this the right moment?
MY PERSONALITY	MY PERSONALITY
In my opinion i am an optimistic person because only think in positive.	In my opinion I am an optimistic person, because I only think in positive terms.
for example when i have an exam i think that i will pass the exam.	For example, when I have an exam I think that I will pass it.
sometimes i fail the exam and then i think that i have to study more.	Sometimes I fail the exam and then I think that I have to study more.
i have a friend who is very mean, her name is lydia.	I have a friend who is very mean: her name is Lydia.
i think that she is mean because when we go out to drink coffe or to dance she never pay.	I think that she is mean because when we go out to drink coffee or to dance she never pays.
i have to pay always.	I always have to pay .
in my family my sister lucia is very similar to me because whe have the same size of clothes, the same tastes( including partner) and the same personality.	In my family, my sister Lucia is very similar to me because we have the same size of clothing, the same tastes (including in romantic partners) and the same personality.
the personality of my perfect partner is my boyfriend´s personality.	The personality of my perfect partner is my boyfriend´s personality. Alternativo: My boyfriend has what I consider the perfect personality.
he is the best i have ever known.	He is the best person I have ever known.
he is kind, generous, cheerful, polite and hard-working.	He is kind, generous, cheerful, polite and hard-working.
ANIMALS	ANIMALS
when i was a child i loved animals and i was to a safari with the school.	when i was a child i loved animals and i went to a zoo with my school.
i passed a good day in the safari, in Elche.	i had a good time at the zoo, in Elche.
i had a small cat that my sister gived to me, but the cat failled and i don´t have more animals.	i had a small cat that my sister gave to me, but the cat died and i don´t have more animals.
now i would like go to the safari because i want to remember this excursion and i like seeing animals.	now i would like go back to the zoo because i want to remember this excursion and i like seeing animals.
if i could be an animal i like being a bird because i could see a lot of cities and i could fly free in the sky.	if i could be an animal i would like to be a bird because i could see a lot of cities and i could fly freely in the sky.
MY TOWN	MY TOWN
I live in Jimenado, in Murcia.	I live in Jimenado, in Murcia.
my town is small so we  have only one supermarket and two bars.	My town is small so we have only one supermarket and two bars.
Also the supermarket don´t have all products so we have to go out for some products.	Also the supermarket doesn't  have all products so we have to go out for some products.
this town have few parks and rest areas(erios).	This town has few parks and rest areas(erios).
But despite that this town have good people, people who help you when you need something.	But despite that this town has good people, people who help you when you need something.
i like to live in this town but sometimes i would like living in london because london have a lot of parks and building to visit.	I like to live in this town but sometimes I would like to be living in london because london has a lot of parks and building to visit.
i think that the most interesting city to visit is London because in this city you can see a lot of museum and you can rest in some big park so the most beautiful city i have ever been is london because london have a lot of parks with flowers and statues.	I think that the most interesting city to visit is London because in this city you can see a lot of museums and you can rest in some big parks. So the most beautiful city i have ever been to is london because london has a lot of parks with flowers and statues.
Clothes	Clothes
i love buying clothes.	i love buying clothes.
i usually buy clothes in espacio bershka, stradivarius, benetton...	i usually buy clothes in espacio bershka, stradivarius, benetton...
the clothes that i buy in these stores is the clothes that i put every day but if i have an important interview i would buy other kind of clothes, for example: a pair of jeans, a t-shirt, a jacket and heels.	The clothes that i buy in these stores are the clothes that i wear every day but when it comes to interviews i wear formal types of dresses.
two years ago i usually borrow clothes to my sister luci but now i have more clothes than her and she borrows clothes to me.	Two years ago I just borrow clothes from my sister Luci but now that I have more she is the one borrowing my clothes.
i have never bought clothes that i did not put because i only buy things that i really like.	I never buy clothes that I don't wear because I only buy things that I really want..
CINEMA	CINEMA
during the weeks i usually don´t go out, but on friday i go to the cinema, so i go to the cinema one day a week.	During the week I usually don´t go out, but on friday I go to the cinema, so I go to the cinema one day a week. Week is singular, the only real mistake in this sentence other than not capitalizing!
the next film i´m going to see is "night of fear"	he next film I´m going to see is "Night Of Fear" Capitol letter's for the beginning of sentences for I and for the name of a movie, play, book etc.
because is the most interesting(intruesting) film which release this week.	because is the most interesting(intruesting) film which release this week.
i think that the best film i have ever seen was "twilight" because i love films of frigthen and love and this film has both things.	I think that the best film I have ever seen was "Twilight" because I love films with fear and love and this film has both Capitols for I and for names. You could also say "I love films which are frightening and also have love in the story and this film has both."
my favourite director steven spielberg because I liked the movie "the Schindler's List" and i think that he is a very good director(dairector).	My favourite director is Steven Spielberg because I liked the movie " Schindler's List" and I think that he is a very good director
SCHOOL	SCHOOL
i live in a small town but at least we have school.	I live in a small town but at least we have a school.
i live in a small town but at least we have school.	i live in a small town, but at least we have school.
in primary i went to the school "nuestra señora de la consolacion".	In primary school I went to the school "nuestra señora de la consolacion".
in primary i went to the school "nuestra señora de la consolacion".	in primary school i went to "nuestra señora de la consolacion".
this school is small, beautiful and it had goods teachers.	This school is small, beautiful and it had good teachers.
i really liked it because i played to the camber and other games with my friends and we did a lot of friends because other schools were coming to our school.	I really liked it because I played to the camber and other games with my friends and . I'm not sure what you mean here but maybe: We had a lot of friends because people from other schools were coming to our school. Or maybe: We did a lot of things because friends from other schools were coming to our school.
i had a good teacher called Ana who i continuou writting letters.	I had a good teacher called Ana who I continue writting letters.
i had a good teacher called Ana who i continuou writting letters.	i had a good teacher named Ana with whom i continue writing letters.
she was very kind, generous and talkative, she was fantastic and she was and will be my best teacher.	She was very kind, generous and talkative, she was fantastic and she was and always will be my best teacher.
she was very kind, generous and talkative, she was fantastic and she was and will be my best teacher.	she was very kind, generous and talkative; she was fantastic and she was and will be my best teacher.
in the school my favourite subject was physica education because i liked jump, run...	In the school my favourite subject was physical education because i liked to jump and run...etc..
in the school my favourite subject was physica education because i liked jump, run...	in the school my favorite subject was physical education because i liked jumping, running, etc...
My first entry	My first entry
Hello!	Hello!
My name is Sonia.	My name is Sonia.
I am Spanish and I am learning English.	I am Spanish and I am learning English.
I want to talk with English people because I want to improve my English.	I want to talk with English people because I want to improve my English.
MUSIC	MUSIC
i like dancing romantic music so i usually listen romantic music and go to romantic concerts.	I like dancing to romantic music so I usually listen to that kind of music and go to romantic concerts.
The best concert i have ever been was the David de maria concert.	The best concert I have ever been to was the David de maria concert.
it was fantastic.	It was fantastic.
when i am studying i don´t like listening music because i need silent to concentrate on what i am reading.	When I am studying, I don´t like listening to music because I need silence to concentrate on what I am reading.
in karaoke i would like to sing some song in english.	In karaoke I would like to sing some song in English.
for example: the power of love by celine dion.	For example: the Power of Love by Celine Dion.
SPORT	SPORT
in my lifestyle the sport is very important.	In my lifestyle sport is very important.
i likes doing sport but i don´t have much time.	I likes doing sport but I don´t have much time.
i usually play tennis and swimming.	I usually play tennis and go swimming.
i loves going out, climb a mountain and see nature.	I love going out, climbing mountains and seeing nature.
i likes watching football on tv.	I like watching football on tv.
the most exciting sports event i have ever seen is motorcycle racing because i spend the race looking the motorcycle that will win.	The most exciting sports event I have ever seen is motorcycle racing because I spend the race looking for the motorcycle that will win.
i would like to be good at surfing because i think that it is a very interesting sport but i never had the opportunity to learn to surf.	I would like to be good at surfing because I think that it is a very interesting sport but I never had the opportunity to learn to surf.
HEALTH AND DIET	HEALTH AND DIET
usually i live a healthy life.	Usually i live a healthy lifestyle.
during the week i walk every day thirty minutes but on weekends i don´t walk because i go out.	During the week, i walk for thirty minutes daily but on weekends i can't because I'll be going out. 
i eat too much chocolat and sweets and i don´t eat enough fruit.	I eat a lot of chocolate and sweets and I don't eat enough fruits. 
i try to eat a piece of fruit every day but i prefer chocolat.	I try to eat a piece of fruit every day but I prefer chocolate. 
when i am at university i am very stressed because i have to study and i don´t have time for myself but now, on holiday i am very relax because i go to the beach and the swimming pool with my friends.	When I'm at the university, I'm very stressed because I've to study and I don't have time for myself. Because I'm on a holiday now, I feel relaxed as I can go to the beach and swimming pool with my friends. 
my family	My family
i´m going to talk about my family.	I´m going to talk about my family.
first of all i have two brothers and four sisters.	First of all I have two brothers and four sisters.
my two brothers, jose and ismael are lorry drivers; my two sisters loles and lucia are students, they are studying at university; and my other two sisters, charo and juani are secretaries.	my two brothers, jose and ismael are lorry drivers; my two sisters loles and lucia are students, they are studying at university; and my other two sisters, charo and juani are secretaries.
i get on very well with my sister luci because she is likes to me and she is my sister and my best friend.	I get on very well with my sister Luci because she is nice to me and she is my sister and my best friend.
in my family i had a big argument whit my sister loles because she is very annoying and selfish and she pass the day disturb to me.	in my family i had a big argument with my sister loles because she is very annoying and selfish and she pass the day disturb to me. ???? 
in my family i had a big argument whit my sister loles because she is very annoying and selfish and she pass the day disturb to me.	There was a big argument in my family between me and my sister Loles because she is very annoying and selfish and she spends the whole day hassling me.
finally i´m going to talk about my mother rosario, she is very funny, cheerful, kind and generous.	Finally, I´m going to talk about my mother Rosario, she is very funny, cheerful, kind and generous.
she is short and she has brown short hair and brown eyes.	she is short and she has short brown hair and brown eyes.
HEALTH AND DIET	HEALTH AND DIET
usually i live a healthy life.	usually i live a healthy life.
during the week i walk every day thirty minutes but on weekends i don´t walk because i go out.	during the week i walk every day thirty minutes but on weekends i don´t walk because i go out.
i eat too much chocolat and sweets and i don´t eat enough fruit.	i eat too much chocolat and sweets and i don´t eat enough fruit.
i try to eat a piece of fruit every day but i prefer chocolat.	i try to eat a piece of fruit every day but i prefer chocolat.
when i am at university i am very stressed because i have to study and i don´t have time for myself but now, on holiday i am very relax because i go to the beach and the swimming pool with my friends.	when i am at university i am very stressed because i have to study and i don´t have time for myself but now, on holiday i am very relax because i go to the beach and the swimming pool with my friends.
HOLIDAYS	HOLIDAYS
last summer i went to london with my sister loles.	last summer i went to london with my sister loles.
we stayed in london three weeks and we did an english course and we visited london when we have free time.	we stayed in london three weeks and we did an english course and we visited london when we had free time.
in london i passed the best days of my life because i love london and i think that it´s a beautiful city.	in london i had the best days of my life because i love london and i think that it´s a beautiful city.
when i am on holiday i like visitting other cities and learn about other cultures(colters).	when i am on vacation i like visitting other cities and learning about other cultures(colters).
the best holiday i had was when i visited london because london is clean, beautiful, interesting and it´s have friendly people.	the best vacation i had was when i visited london because london is clean, beautiful, interesting and it has friendly people.You can use holiday instead of vacation but vacation sounds better.
TIME	TIME
two years ago i was doing ESO and i had more free time because i didn´t have a lot of homeworks and the exams were easy but now i have to study very hard and i have to do a lot of homeworks, so i don´t have free time and above all i don´t have time for myself.	two years ago i was doing ESO and i had more free time because i didn´t have a lot of homework and the exams were easy but now i have to study very hard and i have to do a lot of homework, so i don´t have free time and above all i don´t have time for myself.
now i am at university, in murcia, and i have thirty minutes to get there.	now I am at an university, in Murcia, and I have thirty minutes to get there.
during the week i have to do homework and i have to search information.	During the week I have to do homework and I have to search for information.
usually i spend seven hours doing this.	Usually I spend seven hours doing this.
consequently i don´t have time for myself so i would like have time for doing sport, going out and watching tv.	Consequently, i don´t have time for myself so i would like have time for playing sports, going out, and watching tv.
Gah! I was forced to do a Journal entry	Gah! I was forced to do a Journal entry
Once upon a time a girl was forced to do a Journal entry in Lang-8 because her English wasn't good.	Once upon a time a girl was forced to do a Journal entry in Lang-8 because her English wasn't good.
The name of the sadist ogre who said to the little girl to do that, was Kabi of Sade.	The name of the sadist ogre who told the little girl to do that, was Kabi of Sade.
The little girl wanted to dance and sing and run and eat, but the bad ogre said "no no no.	The little girl wanted to dance and sing and run and eat, but the bad ogre said "no no no.
The only thing you want to do is this shit", and because the little girl didn't have the force to fight with this sadic ogre named Kabi the barbarian, she had to do all the things he said.	The only thing you want to do is this shit", and because the little girl didn't have the force to fight with this sadistic ogre named Kabi the barbarian, she had to do all the things he said.
The little girl sweated a lot, she cried a lot, and the most important thing, she thought that the irregular verbs in english were pretty hard to remember.	The little girl sweated a lot, she cried a lot, and the most important thing, she thought that the irregular verbs in english were pretty hard to remember.
The little girl suffered until the end of the time.	The little girl suffered until the end of the time.
THE END	THE END
hello!	hello!
Hi!	Hi!
my name is Mariel, I´m from Mexico and I want to learn english and japanese.	my name is Mariel, I´m from Mexico and I want to learn English and Japanese.
I think my english is very bad and I never know how to use the past and the future, I don't know how to use the -ing thing and I don't know how start a conversation, although it has nothing to do with my english skills, so please forgive me D:	I think my english is very bad and I never know how to use the past and the future tenses. I don't know how to use the -ing thing and I don't know how start a conversation, although it has nothing to do with my English skills, so please forgive me D:
I will try to always post a story or something.	I will try to always post a story or something.
09/08/2011	09/08/2011
Here I am, lying in my bed, dying of heat, but still with the sufficient strength 	Here I am, lying in my bed, dying of heat, but still with the sufficient strength 
to open my eyes and write something absurd and without sence.	to open my eyes and write something absurd and without sense.
I think this is enough for today.	I think this is enough for today.
Tomorrow I will write something with sence and maybe funny, because this time I am very sleepy xDU 	Tomorrow I will write something that makes sense and maybe funny, because this time I am very sleepy xDU 
See ya!	See ya!
TARANTINO'S MOVIES	TARANTINO'S MOVIES
I am a big fan of tarantino's movies....	I am a big fan of Tarantino's movies....
actually on this moment i am watching kill bill vol.	actually at this moment I am watching Kill Bill vol.
1.	1.
I can't wait for his new movie DJANGO maybe for the next year.	I can't wait for his new movie DJANGO, maybe next year.
My favorite movie is "inglorious basterds" an alternative universe about the second world war  	My favorite movie is "Inglorious basterds," an alternative universe about the Second World War. 
BE ITALIAN 	BE ITALIAN 
5 minutes ago I was watching NINE a movie, actually is a musical, i dont like so much the musicals but i really loved the song BE ITALIAN sung by fergie, is an amazing song ...	5 minutes ago I was watching NINE a movie. Actually, it is a musical. I dont like musicals very much, but I really loved the song BE ITALIAN sung by Fergie because it is an amazing song ...
new job	new job
I am so happy, cause maybe the next week I will begin my new job in a school.	I am so happy, cause maybe next week I will begin my new job in a school.
so now  I'm waiting for!!	So now I'm waiting for it!!
:D	:D
I hope this new job will be awsome and really nice...	I hope this new job will be awesome and really nice...
my job	My Job
HI, I HAVE A JOB, IS SO SIMPLE I JUST USE THE PHONE TO MAKE SOME CALLS WITH PEOPLE, JUST TO KNOW SOMETHING ABOUT THE FINANTIAL SITUATION, IS LIKE TELEMARKETING	I have a job. It is so simple. I call people to know their financial situation, just like telemarketing.
WELL TODAY I HAD NEWS ABOUT MY MANAGER.....	Today, I received a news that may manager has went out.
SHE IS GONE (SHE IS NOT DEATH) NOW MY TEAM AND I DONT HAVE A BOOS.	She has gone somewhere. For now, we don't have a boss.
UNITED STATES OF TARA	UNITED STATES OF TARA
I am so happy because began the new season of UST one of my favorites tv series...	I am so happy because began the new season of UST one of my favorites tv series...
I really like that TV show, is incredible how a mental disorder can change the life of one simple person...	I really like that TV show, is incredible how a mental disorder can change the life of one simple person...
some times I think there I could take another career like Psihology or something.	some times I think there I could take another career like Psihology or something.
one advice	A Piece of Advice
I can give you just one advice: if your problems don't have any solution dont worry because it  don't have a solution and if your problems have a solution don't worry because it have a solution!!!	I can give you a piece of advice: if your problems don't have a solution, dont worry because it doesn't have a solution. If your problems have a solution, don't worry because it has a solution!!! 
Series of Portfolio Reactions Part 3	Series of Portfolio Reactions Part 3
Hello, dear users of www.	Hello, dear users of www.
lang-8.	lang-8.
com.	com.
I want to share with the whole community a series of portfolio reactions written by myself during my first year of college.	I want to share with the whole community a series of portfolio reactions written by myself during my first year of college.
The name of that course was: Introduction to a Second Language Acquisition.	The name of that course was: Introduction to a Second Language Acquisition.
I took that course in the second quarter by the year of 2004.	I took that course in the second quarter by the year of 2004.
Just imagine!!!	Just imagine!!!
It was 6 years ago.	It was 6 years ago.
However, I strongly believe that these journals or reactions can be useful for many people who are currently studying English as a second or as a foreign language.	However, I strongly believe that these journals or reactions can be useful for many people who are currently studying English as a second or as a foreign language.
Thanks.	Thanks.
Now I will post the third journal.	Now I will post the third journal.
Wednesday, June 02, 2004	Wednesday, June 02, 2004
Lesson 3 (Third Entry)	Lesson 3 (Third Entry)
On that Wednesday the class was interesting and noticeably creative to improve and expand our vocabulary knowledge.	On that Wednesday the class was interesting and noticeably creative to improve and expand our vocabulary knowledge.
Two groups were assigned to present the strategy homework.	Two groups were assigned to present the strategy homework.
The first group explained what the use of imagery memory strategy was for.	The first group explained what the use of imagery memory strategy was for.
In order to illustrate what they had to elucidate, Yvonne and Kathy, who were the presenters, handed us out two little cardboards which had some pictures that exemplified the words of relevance.	In order to illustrate what they had to elucidate, Yvonne and Kathy, who were the presenters, handed us out two little cardboards which had some pictures that exemplified the words of relevance.
The words that we had were “pot” and “under” and one of them came with a “Godzilla” movie picture, so it was funny when we read our sentence to the group; an excellent way to understand this strategy.	The words that we had were “pot” and “under” and one of them came with a “Godzilla” movie picture, so it was funny when we read our sentence to the group; an excellent way to understand this strategy.
Naturally, we learned that by using drawings, pictures and hilarious images that strategy can be clearly understood by any kind of learner.	Naturally, we learned that by using drawings, pictures and hilarious images that strategy can be clearly understood by any kind of learner.
Later, the other group presented the semantic mapping strategy.	Later, the other group presented the semantic mapping strategy.
I found how useful that strategy was because if one makes use of images and pictures to relate one thing to another it helps us discover the meaning of many words.	I found how useful that strategy was because if one makes use of images and pictures to relate one thing to another it helps us discover the meaning of many words.
Then, the teacher spent a couple of minutes explaining the readings, one about your learning styles where you could realize if you were impulsive or reflective, what you may do to improve your learning process, and how to take advantage of these suggestions.	Then, the teacher spent a couple of minutes explaining the readings, one about your learning styles where you could realize if you were impulsive or reflective, what you may do to improve your learning process, and how to take advantage of these suggestions.
The other reading mentioned how to put into practice the cultural, linguistic, contextual and worldly knowledge to help you learn and understand the logics of a new language.	The other reading mentioned how to put into practice the cultural, linguistic, contextual and worldly knowledge to help you learn and understand the logics of a new language.
Some minutes later, one group had to present the micro-lesson assignment that dealt with some strategies for acquiring vocabulary and grammar.	Some minutes later, one group had to present the micro-lesson assignment that dealt with some strategies for acquiring vocabulary and grammar.
At first, one of the students began explaining the two approaches, the direct and the indirect.	At first, one of the students began explaining the two approaches, the direct and the indirect.
Then, they continued with the explanation of the mnemonics, and they showed several examples.	Then, they continued with the explanation of the mnemonics, and they showed several examples.
Finally, the same group gave a presentation about the strategies for learning grammar which resulted very interesting for me because I found that I can use many rules to compare my native language with the foreign language I am learning.	Finally, the same group gave a presentation about the strategies for learning grammar which resulted very interesting for me because I found that I can use many rules to compare my native language with the foreign language I am learning.
Unfortunately, there was not enough time to end up all the activities.	Unfortunately, there was not enough time to end up all the activities.
I hope we have more time to cover all the presentations next class and that the teacher tries to adjust the time allotted for each activity, so we will not have this inconvenience anymore.	I hope we have more time to cover all the presentations next class and that the teacher tries to adjust the time allotted for each activity, so we will not have this inconvenience anymore.
                                                                Series of Portfolio Reactions Part 5	 Portfolio Reactions Series: Part 5
Hello, dear users of lang-8.	Dear users of lang-8,
com.	com.
I want to share with the whole community a series of portfolio reactions written by myself during my first year of college.	I would like to share with the whole community a series of portfolio reactions I have written during my first year of college.
The name of that course was: Introduction to a Second Language Acquisition.	I did my portfolio work in my Introduction to a Second Language Acquisition course six years ago in 2004.
However, I strongly believe that these journals or reactions can be useful for many people who are currently studying English as a second or as a foreign language.	I strongly believe that journals or reactions can be useful to many people who are currently studying English as a second or as a foreign language.
Wednesday, July 21st, 2004	Wednesday, July 21st, 2004
Lesson 7 (Fifth Entry)	Lesson 7 (Fifth Entry)
One of the most interesting strategies that I have been lately focusing my attention are: scanning and skimming.	One of the most interesting strategies that I have been lately focusing my attention are: scanning and skimming.
These two strategies are great for improving our reading skills if we want to search information quickly or when we are short of time and we are in the need to know the main ideas of an article, text, or reading passage.	These two strategies are great for improving our reading skills if we want to search information quickly. They are also very useful when we do not have much time and need to know the main ideas of an article, text, or reading passage
In my case, I consider that skimming is really useful since I sometimes want to read a book, and if it’s worth reading it, I can put into practice this excellent strategy and have a closer understanding about that book.	In my case, I consider skimming a useful skill. It helps me to decide quickly if I want to read a book, and if it’s worth reading it. I can put into practice this excellent strategy and have a closer understanding about that book. 
Then, I can discard all those books I would not like to read.	It allows me to discard all those books I would not like to read.
I would like to mention one skill the teacher referred to: speaking.	I would like to mention another skill the teacher referred to: speaking.
Maybe some people wonder: why is this so important?	Some people wonder: why is this so important?
This is perhaps the skill that more attention deserves since speaking involves everything what we want to say; it is the way to communicate our ideas.	This is the skill that more attention since speaking involves everything that we want to say; it is the way to communicate our ideas.
I strongly believe that this strategy needs more dedication because it requires many aspects to be developed such as: pronunciation, rhythm, linking, stress, syllable stress and diction.	I strongly believe that strategy needs more dedication because {it requires many aspects such as: pronunciation, rhythm, linking, stress, syllable stress and diction} to be developed.
Regarding all this, there is fact to bear in mind, speaking is a hard goal to achieve.	Regarding all this, speaking is a hard goal to achieve.
As a matter of fact, if we don’t try to achieve a concise way of speaking, we may feel frustrated.	As a matter of fact, if we don’t try to achieve a concise way of speaking, we may feel frustrated.
Finally, there is an advantage, when making use of synonyms and circumlocutions	Finally, it is to our advantage when making use of synonyms and circumlocutions.
Sometimes we refer to a specific term by using a similar word, and the roll of our conversation will not be lost.	Sometimes, in order to get our point across we refer to a specific idea by using a similar word, and the roll of our conversation will not be lost
However, there will be situations in which we will not be able to find the exact word(s) we need to name that object, so one option is using descriptions or definitions of such object.	However, there may be situations where we will not be able to find the exact word(s) we need to name that object, so one option you can use to communicate your idea when you don't have the words for it is to us descriptions or definitions of such object. 
*★ Different methods that I use to improve my languages ★*	*★ Different methods that I use to improve my languages ★*
Hi!	Hi!
Well, I've been a Lang-8 User since January of this year.	Well, I've been a Lang-8 User since January of this year.
I found this web site in the ending of the last year, and I thought it was a great idea to write some texts in the languages I'm studying in order to improve them.	I found this web site in the ending of the last year, and I thought it was a great idea to write some texts in the languages I'm studying in order to improve them.
So I decided to register myself.	So I decided to register myself.
In the part of the registration, where they ask you two languages that you're learning.	In the part of the registration, where they ask you two languages that you're learning.
First, I thought in English and French.	First, I thought in English and French.
But a year ago, I started learning Japanese and I thought it was a better idea to write as the languages I was learning French and Japanese.	But a year ago, I started learning Japanese and I thought it was a better idea to write as the languages I was learning French and Japanese.
But I'm still learning English, and I think that I still comitting a lot of mistakes XD I'm sure of it.	But I'm still learning English, and I think that I still comitting a lot of mistakes XD I'm sure of it.
Recently, I discovered that not only I could write texts in French and Japanese, but also in English and any other language.	Recently, I discovered that not only I could write texts in French and Japanese, but also in English and any other language.
And now I'm writting this text to check-out how my English is doing.	And now I'm writting this text to check-out how my English is doing.
What do you think?	What do you think?
How bad my text is?	How bad my text is?
Please comment in the bottom ↓↓↓.	Please comment in the bottom ↓↓↓.
Another thing that I use to do in order to improve my language, especially my Listening and also my Speaking [while singing songs] is to search songs ♫ in the language I'm studying and its respective lyrics ♪.	Another thing that I use to do in order to improve my language, especially my Listening and also my Speaking [while singing songs] is to search songs ♫ in the language I'm studying and its respective lyrics ♪.
So I hear the song, while I'm reading and cheking the lyrics and the pronunciation.	So I hear the song, while I'm reading and cheking the lyrics and the pronunciation.
Also I try to listen to different accents.	Also I try to listen to different accents.
For example, I try to listen songs of different English accents: British, American, Irish, all are different.	For example, I try to listen songs of different English accents: British, American, Irish, all are different.
Also I use to watch movies in the languages I'm learning, especially in English	Also I use to watch movies in the languages I'm learning, especially in English.
But that's more difficult to do in French and in Japanese, because here in my country, there aren't too much movies in French and even less in Japanese.	But that's more difficult to do in French and in Japanese, because here in my country, there aren't too much movies in French and even less in Japanese.
But always I watch most of movies in English.	But always I watch most of movies in English.
Actually, I prefer in English that in Spanish XD.	Actually, I prefer in English that in Spanish XD.
I know that the best thing you shoud do to improve a language is to speak in that language, but everyone I know, hate languages :'( and they don't wanna talk with me.	I know that the best thing you shoud do to improve a language is to speak in that language, but everyone I know, hate languages :'( and they don't wanna talk with me.
Well, that all for now, I think I've written enough =D.	Well, that all for now, I think I've written enough =D.
I'll try to write another text in English.	I'll try to write another text in English.
But at leat for now, Do you think there's something else I could do in order to improve my languages?	But at leat for now, Do you think there's something else I could do in order to improve my languages?
See you later!	See you later!
And thanks for reading my journal!	And thanks for reading my journal!
If there's something I could do to help you with your languages...	If there's something I could do to help you with your languages...
I'll be glad to help you!	I'll be glad to help you!
Good-bye	Good-bye
[ING 012] THE TRIAL	[ING 012] THE TRIAL
When I realized that I was good at learning languages, I wondered how many languages a man would be able to learn.	When I realized that I was good at learning languages, I wondered how many languages a man would be able to learn.
Not very satisfied by the answer a teacher gave me (A man can't learn more than 20 languages, according to her) I just decided to find out the answer by myself	Not very satisfied by the answer a teacher gave me (A man can't learn more than 20 languages, according to her) I just decided to find out the answer by myself.
At that time the only way I could answer that was using the internet (more than other people's opinions).	At that time the only way I could answer that was using the internet (more than other people's opinions).
There I could find the incredible story of Giusepe Gasparo Mezzofanti who is said to speak about 80 languages when he was alive.	There I was able to find the incredible story of Giusepe Gasparo Mezzofanti who is said to have spoken about 80 languages when he was alive.
According to wikipedia he spoke almost perfectly 38 languages and was less confident in other 40.	According to wikipedia he spoke 38 languages almost perfectly and was less confident in another 40.
Since he's not alive anymore there should be someone who takes his place instead nowadays.	Since he's not alive anymore there should be someone who takes his place nowadays.
And taking into account Guiness records' information this place seems to be for Fiaz Zahad who is said to claim to speak 58 languages almost perfectly.	And taking into account the Guiness book of world records' information this place seems to be for Fiaz Zahad who is said to claim to speak 58 languages almost perfectly.
Well, I am a bit skeptical when someone tries to state something like this, because I have my own version of "speaking a foreign language" and therefore, my own opinion about Bilingu- Polyglot- and Hyperpolyglotism, because of some information I was given at the university.	Well, I am a bit skeptical when someone tries to state something like this, because I have my own view of "speaking a foreign language" and therefore, my own opinion about Bilingu- Polyglot- and Hyperpolyglotism, because of some things I learned at the university.
Well, I decided to have a look at Zahad's abilities and this was what I found: A video of a chilean tv show where he was invited and in which he would be asked some questions in different languages by different native people living in that country, such as journalists, ambassadors, etc.	Well, I decided to have a look at Zahad's abilities and this was what I found: A video of a Chilean TV show to which he was invited and in which he would be asked some questions in different languages by different native people living in that country, such as journalists, ambassadors, etc.
However, what should be an impressive exhibit of his gifts, became an embarrassing moment because he didn't understand what he was asked and he also made misstranslations.	However, what should have been an impressive exhibit of his gifts, became an embarrassing moment because he didn't understand what he was asked and he also made mistranslations.
As a reaction, one part of the internet public traits him as a fraud, while other prefer to upload his video comments supporting him in several ways.	As a reaction, one part of the internet public treats him as a fraud, while others prefer to upload comments to the video of the interview supporting him in several ways.
I want you to see the video and to draw your own conclusions.	I want you to see the video and draw your own conclusions.
I'll give mine in the next entry because I don't want to write a very long one.	I'll give mine in the next entry because I don't want to write a very long one.
Well, it is in spanish, but try to understand the moments he fails...	Well, it is in Spanish, but try to understand the moments he fails...
Before I leave my own comment, What do you think about that??	Before I leave my own comment, What do you think about that??
My old enemy	My old enemy
My old enemy attacks me again.	My old enemy attacks me again.
Some people have enemies like stress, drugs or just an animal.	Some people have enemies like stress, drugs or just an animal.
But my enemy is called anxiety.	But my enemy is called anxiety.
As soon as I discovered that I can learn several languages at the same time, I also realized that I am as good in speaking as in writing and I learn quickly from my mistakes.	As soon as I discovered that I can learn several languages at the same time, I also realized that I am as good in speaking as in writing and I learn quickly from my mistakes.
However, This make me feel I want to learn everything at the same time and I have not finished the first 10 pages of a japanese book when I get bored and want to start learning greek...	However, This makes me feel I want to learn everything at the same time and I have not finished the first 10 pages of a Japanese book when I get bored and want to start learning Greek...
It is something frustrating, because my brain gets motivated when I understand just a greeting in other language and want to keep switching from one language to other all the time.	It is frustrating, because I get motivated when I can understand just a greeting in another language and want to keep switching from one language to the other all the time.
I would like to have all the patience you have to continue studying just one language at the time to become more fluent at least in one!!	I would like to have all the patience you have to continue studying just one language at a time to become more fluent at least in one!!
A bit of theory - Part II	A bit of theory - Part II
After having received some kind invitations to continue producing texts in English, I want my English-speaker friends (and everybody) to help me with this one which is the second part of a previous post.	After having received some kind invitations to continue producing texts in English, I want my English-speaker friends (and everybody) to help me with this one which is the second part of a previous post.
As I mentioned before, it makes part of a project I made at the university and I want to hear some native’s voices.	As I mentioned before, it is a part of a project I made at the university and I want to hear some native’s voices.
As I mentioned before, it makes part of a project I made at the university and I want to hear some native’s voices.	As I mentioned before, it is part of a project I did at the university and I want to hear the opinions of some native speakers.
Thank you very much in advance for taking a bit of your time to improve my English level.	Thank you very much in advance for taking a bit of your time to help improve my English level.
MULTIMEDIA AND BRAIN	MULTIMEDIA AND THE BRAIN
Some researches have already underlined the importance of multimedia for	Some research has already underlined the importance of multimedia for
learning.	learning.
When using multimedia, information arrives in two different	When using multimedia, information arrives through two different
channels, giving advantage to learners who have and auditive and visual	channels, giving an advantage to learners whose predominant learning channel is auditive or visual.
predominant learning channel.	predominant learning channel.
That picture shows a model that interpretates the way information arrives to the brain when using multimedia as well as in	The picture shows a model that represents the way information arrives to the brain when using multimedia in children as well as in adults.
children as in adults.	children as in adults.
COGNITIVE THEORY OF MULTIMEDIA LEARNING MODEL	COGNITIVE THEORY OF MULTIMEDIA LEARNING MODEL
According to the model, learning could be more effective if the information is combined in such a way that it can be perceived through two channels.	According to the model, learning could be more effective if the information is combined in such a way that it can be perceived through both channels.
In addition, computers can also provide the children with a peaceful environment increasing the number of Alpha waves that, as mentioned before, generate the	In addition, computers can also provide children with a peaceful environment increasing the number of Alpha waves that, as mentioned before, generate the
most effective state to learn.	most effective state to learn.
There are two ways to learn with technology: the technology-centered and the	There are two approaches to learning with technology: the technology-centered and the
learner-centered approaches.	learner-centered .
The first one has reigned for most of the XX	The first one has reigned for most of the 20th century
The first one has reigned for most of the XX	The first one has been dominant for most of the 20th
century with the apparition of motion pictures, radio and computers.	century with the ubiquity of motion pictures, radio and computers.
Nevertheless, it has not been successful as Cuban (2001) highlights:	Nevertheless, it has not been successful as Cuban (2001) highlights:
“The introduction of information technologies into schools over the	“The introduction of information technologies into schools over the
past two decades has achieved neither the transformation of teaching and learning nor the productivity gains that a coalition of	past two decades has achieved neither the transformation of teaching and learning nor the productivity gains that a coalition of
corporate executives, public officials, parents, academics, and	corporate executives, public officials, parents, academics, and
educators has sought.” 	educators has sought.” 
According to Norman (1993), this fail is caused by the asumption that teachers and learners will adapt to technology instead of assuming that technology has to take learners into account, addapting to both, teachers and learners' needs.	According to Norman (1993), this failure is caused by the assumption that teachers and learners will adapt to technology instead of assuming that technology has to take learners into account, adapting to both teachers and learners' needs.
As a result, a new view has appearead in which, as a consecuence, learner	As a result, a new view has appeared in which, as a consequence, the learner
As a result, a new view has appearead in which, as a consecuence, learner	As a result, a new view has arisen in which, as a consequence, the learner
is the center, and the focus is on how people learn and use technology as a tool or aid, assuming that it is technology what has to addapt to teachers' and learners' needs.	is central, and the focus is on how people learn and use technology as a tool or aid, assuming that it is technology which has to adapt to teachers' and learners' needs.
2B Continued...	2B Continued...
[ING-011] DILEMMA	[ING-011] DILEMMA
I rat entered my bedroom!!!	A rat entered my bedroom!!!
I rat entered my bedroom!!!	A rat came into my bedroom!!! More colloquial, natural
I rat entered my bedroom!!!	A rat found its way into my bedroom!!!
Yup, I was correcting some texts at 0:00 when this little creature silently glid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.	Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently slid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.
Yup, I was correcting some texts at 0:00 when this little creature silently glid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.	Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently slid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.
Yup, I was correcting some texts at 0:00 when this little creature silently glid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.	Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently snuck into my bedroom from the backyard.
I just realized it when I saw its zigzaging tail announcing its coming.	I just realized it when I saw its zigzaging tail announced its coming.
I just realized it when I saw its zigzaging tail announcing its coming.	I realized it was there when I saw its zigzagging tail announcing its arrival.
I just realized it when I saw its zigzaging tail announcing its coming.	I only realized it when I saw its zigzagging tail proclaiming its arrival.
It hid behind a sofa that is next to the door.	It hid behind a sofa next to the door.
I wasn't waiting for this encounter.	I wasn't expecting this encounter.
I didn't know what to do, because I don't want it to share my charming bedroom with me, neither I want it to be killed.	I didn't know what to do, because I don't want it to share my charming bedroom with me, neither did I want it to be killed.
I didn't know what to do, because I don't want it to share my charming bedroom with me, neither I want it to be killed.	I didn't know what to do because I don't want it to share my charming bedroom with me, but I didn't want it to be killed, either.
I didn't know what to do, because I don't want it to share my charming bedroom with me, neither I want it to be killed.	Both corrections so far are good, but floury's is the more common option: but I didn't want it to be killed, either.
Ok, I can imagine some voices telling me "are you nuts?	Ok, I can imagine some of you saying to me "are you nuts?
come on, it is a rat, it is something dangerous and unpleasant.	come on, it's a rat, it's dangerous and unpleasant.
However I literally can't kill even a fly, neither a flea, because I think that all living creatures make part of a balance.	However, I literally can't even kill a fly, nor a flea, because I think that all living creatures make up part of a balance.
Some would say: is it a balance that there are millions of rats in the sewers?	Some would say: is it balanced that there are millions of rats in the sewers?
Of course not, because a sewer is a human creation and that means that human being has altered the normal balance of nature.	Of course not, because a sewer is a human creation and that means that human beings have altered the normal balance of nature.
So, Alexander, would you let these rats in and eat your food?	So, Alexander, would you let these rats in to eat your food?
Of couse not, but I think they shouldn't be killed, because its massive existence is due to our massive explotation of natural resources.	Of course not, but I think they shouldn't be killed, because their massive existence is due to our massive exploitation of natural resources.
Of couse not, but I think they shouldn't be killed, because its massive existence is due to our massive explotation of natural resources.	Of course not, but I don't think they should be killed, because their massive existence is due to our massive exploitation of natural resources.
Coming back to earth, my little friend was still there.	Coming back to reality, my little friend was still there.
what should I do?	what should I do?
DidI have to wake someone just to get my little friend dissapeared?	DidI have to wake someone just to get rid of my little friend ?
DidI have to wake someone just to get my little friend dissapeared?	Did I have to wake someone just to get rid of my little friend ?
DidI have to wake someone just to get my little friend dissapeared?	I can't tell what you meant here. Maybe: Did_I have to wake someone just to help me get rid of my little friend ? Or: Should I wake someone, only to come back and find that my little friend had disappeared?
Of course not.	Of course not.
My family doesn't think my way of thinking is appropiate for a country where not only rats, but mosquitos and fleas become a great enemy if you don't control their steps.	My family doesn't think my way of thinking is appropriate for a country where not only rats, but also mosquitos and fleas become a great enemy if you don't control them.
So, I finally decided to take my umbrella and I glid its tip under the sofa, and then...	So, I finally decided to take my umbrella and I slid its end under the sofa, and then...
it quickly scaped to his headquarters...	it quickly escaped to his headquarters...
it quickly scaped to his headquarters...	it quickly escaped to its headquarters...
Nothing to do more than covered its entrance with some old clothes and wait tomorrow to arrive to take a decision.	Nothing more to do than cover its entrance with some old clothes and wait for tomorrow to arrive to make a decision.
I think the best decision in my case would be to capture it and let it free near the river.	I think the best decision in my case would be to capture it and set it free near the river.
But, since I don't stay at home for more than 15 hours, I wondered how much time my little friend will last...	I don't understand what you mean here. Why would you have to be at home for more than fifteen hours in order to take the rat to the river?
Meanwhile, I am a bit paranoid, because I just think that somehow it scaped and it's looking for meeeeeee...	Meanwhile, I am a bit paranoid, because I just think that it escaped somehow and it's looking for meeeeeee...
Meanwhile, I am a bit paranoid, because I just think that somehow it scaped and it's looking for meeeeeee...	Suggestion: Meanwhile, I am a bit paranoid, because I just keep thinking that somehow it has escaped and is looking for meeeeeee...
What do you think?	What do you think?
Am I nuts for you :)  ?	Do you think I'm nuts :) ?
[ING 002] How to better take advantage of Lang-8. TOP 10	[ING 002] How to better take advantage of Lang-8. TOP 10
These are the things I do to better take advantage of Lang-8:	These are the things I do to better take advantage of Lang-8:
1-The more frequently you write, the more you learn.	1-The more frequently you write, the more you learn.
However if you write once in blue moon, at least create a long text.	However if you write once in a blue moon, at least create a long text.
2-See other learner's corrected texts.	2-See other learner's corrected texts.
There is a proverb that says: Intelligent men learn from his own mistakes.	There is a proverb that says: Intelligent men learn from their own mistakes.
Wise men learn from others'.	Wise men learn from others'.
That means that before you create a text, you can avoid a mistake by looking how others wrote.	That means that before you create a text, you can avoid making a mistake by looking how others wrote.
It also helps you to discover expressions that you may have never been able to say or that are difficult to find in texts.	It also helps you to discover expressions that you may have never learned otherwise or that are difficult to find in texts.
(For me, this is better for languages like corean, because study material is limited in my country).	(For me, this is better for languages like Korean, because study material is limited in my country).
3-Think and say (aloud or in your head) the text, before you write it.	3-Think and say (aloud or in your head) the text, before you write it.
It helps your brain to get used to the new language.	It helps your brain to get used to the new language.
Remember that writing is a complement for orality and you'll never speak a language if you don't think using it.	Remember that writing is a complement to oral expression and you'll never speak a language if you don't think using it.
4-I don't have anything to say.	4-I don't have anything to say.
What can I write about?	What can I write about?
There is always something to write about.	There is always something to write about.
The problem is that sometimes our brain seems to be stucked, because we are tired, sick or simply sleepy.	The problem is that sometimes our brain seems to be stuck, because we are tired, sick or simply sleepy.
Read other's texts to get an idea or to activate your brain.	Read other's texts to get an idea or to activate your brain.
5-Write interesting texts.	5-Write interesting texts.
If you do not write an interesting text, noone is going to correct you.	If you do not write an interesting text, no one is going to correct you.
Something interesting can be a thought, something that happened to you, something you heard/read.	Something interesting can be a thought, something that happened to you, something you heard/read.
Even, texts that are simple for you can be interesting for other cultures!!!	Even texts that are simple for you can be interesting for other cultures!!!
6-Be honest.	6-Be honest.
If you are trying to correct someone and you don't know whether something is well corrected, be honest and tell him/her that you have doubts.	If you are trying to correct someone and you don't know whether something is well corrected, be honest and tell them that you have doubts.
Your help will be appreciated and there will be always someone ready to give an extra hand.	Your help will be appreciated and there will be always someone ready to give an extra hand.
7-Be careful.	7-Be careful.
If you know that someone didn't correct anything appropriately, but instead,  got the writer confused, correct him using arguments (grammar reference) and avoid insults.	If you know that someone didn't correct anything appropriately, but instead,  got the writer confused, correct him using arguments (grammar reference) and avoid insults.
8-Be like a child.	8-Be like a child.
That doesn't mean that you can write down words randomly waiting for others to discover what your secret code means.	That doesn't mean that you can write down words randomly waiting for others to discover what your secret code means.
Instead, that means to give all your best but exploring language as much as you can and accepting other's help even though if you are a native speaker.	Instead, that means to give all your best but exploring language as much as you can and accepting other's help even if you are a native speaker.
Instead, that means to give all your best but exploring language as much as you can and accepting other's help even though if you are a native speaker.	Instead, that means to give all your best but exploring language as much as you can and accepting other's help even if you are a native speaker.
9-Get people involved in your text.	9-Get people involved in your text.
Try to create texts where other people can give their point or view or participate.	Try to create texts where other people can give their point or view or participate.
As an example, you can use your posts as a forum, to get a question answered, or to play with words.	As an example, you can use your posts as a forum, to get a question answered, or to play with words.
Those are just three examples among the hundred that there are to choose from.	Those are just three examples among the hundreds that there are to choose from.
10-Give extra information.	10-Give extra information.
If you have time, not only correct other's texts but give them extra options to say the same thing.	If you have time, not only correct other's texts but give them extra options to say the same thing.
Propose synonyms.	Propose synonyms.
Specify how can an expression can be used in other contexts.	Specify how can an expression can be used in other contexts.
This has been my top ten.	This has been my top ten.
Of course there are other advices to take into account but I don't remember them.	Of course there is other advice to take into account but I don't remember it.
Please correct my English and feel free to add whatever you think is necessary.	Please correct my English and feel free to add whatever you think is necessary.
Do you agree with my TOP 10?	Do you agree with my TOP 10?
Thanks alot for having read my text...	Thanks alot for having read my text...
[ING 013] THE RE-TELLING STRATEGY	[ING 013] THE RE-TELLING STRATEGY
THE RE-TELLING STRATEGY	THE RE-TELLING STRATEGY
Hi everybody!!	Hi everybody!!
Today I want to talk about a learning strategy I have been using from some weeks ago.	Today I want to talk about a learning strategy I have been using for a few weeks.
I want to share this learning method with you because it has been useful for me	I want to share this learning method with you because it has been useful to me.
It is the well-known strategy called “re-telling”.	It is the well-known strategy called “re-telling”.
The idea is simple, you have to write something, it can be something that happened to you in the past or a new you heard on the radio as well as a story your parents used to tell you when you were younger.	The idea is simple, you have to write something, it can be something that happened to you in the past, a news story you heard on the radio, or a story your parents used to tell you when you were younger.
It is important to say that what you want to say, in this case, has to have a body, I mean, the beginning, the middle and the ending.	It is important to say that what you want to say, in this case, has to have a body, I mean, a beginning, a middle and an ending.
It is important to say that what you want to say, in this case, has to have a body, I mean, the beginning, the middle and the ending.	It is important that what you want to say has a beginning, middle and end.
It is possible to raise this learning strategy in several ways.	It is possible to use this learning strategy in several ways.
1-	1-
The first one is the litteral re-telling strategy.	The first one is the literal re-telling strategy.
Taking this strategy, you should try to repeat a text exactly as it was said.	Using this strategy, you should try to repeat a text exactly as it was said.
As an example, if your mother told you a tale beginning by: “once upon a time in a far, far away land, there was a magic kingdom…” You should repeat exactly that frase.	As an example, if your mother told you a tale beginning with: “once upon a time in a far, far away land, there was a magic kingdom…” You should repeat exactly that phrase.
That kind of approach will help you to memorise sintax rules and intonation  patterns as well as your long term memory.	That kind of approach will help you to memorise syntax rules and intonation patterns as well as your long term memory.
That kind of approach will help you to memorise sintax rules and intonation  patterns as well as your long term memory.	That kind of approach will help you to memorize syntax rules and intonation patterns as well as your long-term memory.
2-	2-
The second one is similar to the previous one, but in this case it is not necessary to say it exactly as told.	The second one is similar to the previous one, but in this case it is not necessary to say it exactly as you were told.
However it is necessary to keep the order of the narration.	However it is necessary to keep the order of the narration.
It could be called the direct telling strategy.	It could be called the direct telling strategy.
Taking into account the previous phrase as an example, using this approach you can vary the elements used, maintaining the same content: “Somewhen in the past, in  a distance no one imagines, a fantastic realm existed …”	Taking into account the previous phrase as an example, using this approach you can vary the elements used, maintaining the same content: “Some time in the past, in a distant place , a fantastic realm existed …”
This approach will develop your long-term memory as well as your lexical competence which you’ll use to make an interpretation (like a singer) of the story.	This approach will develop your long-term memory as well as your lexical competence, which you’ll use to make an interpretation (like a singer) of the story.
3-	3-
In the third one you will change the order of the story, telling it litterally or with your own words but maintaining the same content of the story.	In the third one you will change the order of the story, telling it literally or with your own words but maintaining the same content of the story.
It will help you to develop your communication abilities as well as your rethorical skills and long-term memory.	It will help you to develop your communication abilities as well as your rhetorical skills and long-term memory.
4-	4-
In the fourth approach, you’ll tell the story in the original or your own order, but modifing some parts of the content.	In the fourth approach, you’ll tell the story in the original or your own order, but modifying some parts of the content.
It could be the beginning, the middle or the ending.	It could be the beginning, the middle or the end.
It will also help you to reinforce your communication abilities as well as your imagination, along with your rethorical skills.	It will also help you to reinforce your communication abilities as well as your imagination, along with your rhetorical skills.
5-	5-
In the fifth, and last case, you’ll take some elements from the story and you’ll create a new one from them.	In the fifth, and last case, you’ll take some elements from the story and you’ll create a new one from them.
The elements you can choose from are: 	The elements you can choose from are: 
Vocabulary- Use the vocabulary you didn’t know to practice it building a new story.	Vocabulary- Use new vocabulary you didn’t previously know to practice it by building a new story.
Characters-  You can use the same characters, but putting them in diffrerent settings with a different plot.	Characters- You can use the same characters, but putting them in different settings with a different plot.
Plot-  You can use the same plot, but developing it with different characters.	Plot-  You can use the same plot, but developing it with different characters.
I have seen that some users have used it.	I have seen that some users have used this method.
As them, I have tried some of the different approaches, with magnificent results.	Like them, I have tried some of the different approaches, with magnificent results.
There are several ways to learn.	There are several ways to learn.
The ideas above are just some of the points you can take into account but you have surely found other points of view…	The ideas above are just some of the points you can take into account but you have surely found other points of view…
What do you think about this?	What do you think about this?
Have you ever tried it?	Have you ever tried it?
Was it good for you?	Was it good for you?
Looking forward for your always really appreciated feedback!!	Looking forward for your feedback, which is always greatly appreciated!!
Looking forward for your always really appreciated feedback!!	Looking forward to your feedback, which is always greatly appreciated!!
[ING-010] PRACTICING AN IDIOM	[ING-010] PRACTICING AN IDIOM
Hello everybody!!	Hello everybody!!
This is just a short text to practice one of the idioms I have been studying from the book "speak english like an american".	This is just a short text to practice one of the idioms I have been studying from the book "speak English like an American".
This is just a short text to practice one of the idioms I have been studying from the book "speak english like an american".	This is just a short text to practice one of the idioms I have been studying from the book "Speak English ike an American".
Last tuesday I went to a friend's house because he had called me just to meet, drink something and talk about whatever.	Last Tuesday I went to a friend's house because he had called me just to meet, have something to drink and talk about whatever.
However, as soon as I arrived, I discover that at his building entrance there was a new security guard.	However, as soon as I arrived, I discovered that at his building entrance there was a new security guard.
However, as soon as I arrived, I discover that at his building entrance there was a new security guard.	However, as soon as I arrived, I discovered that at his building entrance there was a new security guard.
However, as soon as I arrived, I discover that at his building entrance there was a new security guard.	HHowever, as soon as I arrived, I discovered that there was a new security guard at the entrance to his building.
He was a fifty years old man with a very angry face.	He was a fifty year old man with a very angry face.
He was a fifty years old man with a very angry face.	He was a fifty year old man with a very angry face.
Then, as with the other visitors, he asked me where I went and I answered him that I went to my friend's house.	Then, as with the other visitors, he asked me where I was going and I answered him that I was going to my friend's house.
Then, as with the other visitors, he asked me where I went and I answered him that I went to my friend's house.	Then, as with the other visitors, he asked me where I was going and I answered him that I was going to my friend's house.
Since I didn't answer with the number of the apparment, he asked me again (a bit louder now) where I went.	Since I didn't answer with the number of the apparment, he asked me again (a bit louder now) where I was going.
Since I didn't answer with the number of the apparment, he asked me again (a bit louder now) where I went.	Since I didn't answer with the number of the apartment, he asked me again (a bit louder now) where I was going.
I answered that I didn't remember the number but as an often visitor security guards usually let me get in just by calling to his appartment because previous guards obviously remembered the number of the appartment.	I answered that I didn't remember the number but as a regular visitor security guards usually let me in just by calling his apartment because previous guards obviously remembered the number of the apartment.
I answered that I didn't remember the number but as an often visitor security guards usually let me get in just by calling to his appartment because previous guards obviously remembered the number of the appartment.	I answered that I didn't remember the number but as frequent visitor, security guards usually let me in just by calling to his apartment because previous guards obviously remembered the number of the apartment.
Of course I had a little problem.	Of course I had a little problem.
But I didn't expect the guard to yell me the way he did!!!	But I didn't expect the guard to yell at me the way he did!!!
He yelled me as If I was a child who doesn't know anything about life!!	He yelled me as if I was a child who didn't know anything about life!!
He yelled me as If I was a child who doesn't know anything about life!!	He yelled at me as If I were a child who doesn't know anything about life!!
It was something like this:	It was something like this:
How do you intend to be successful in life if you don't know the place you go to?	How do you intend to be successful in life if you don't know where you are going?
How do you intend to be successful in life if you don't know the place you go to?	How do you intend to be successful in life if you don't know the place where you're going?
Since I'm new here of course I don't know the person you are talking about.	Since I'm new here, of course I don't know the person you are talking about and it's impossible to let you in.
And it is impossible to let you get in.	And it is impossible to let you in.
And it is impossible to let you get in.	And I'm afraid I can't let you in.
Well, he was right, but the only person I would accept to be yelled by/to yell me?	Well, he was right, but the only person I would accept to yell at me.
Well, he was right, but the only person I would accept to be yelled by/to yell me?	Well, he was right, but the only person I would accept to be yelled at by.
that way is my mother.	that way is my mother.
I was already hungry and I wanted ti tell him something in a high tone but I just remembered that "to make a discussion you need two people" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his mood and I got out, called my friend and asked him what the number was I guess the rest.	I was already hungry and I wanted to tell him something in a high tone but I just remembered that " you need two people to start an argument" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his mood and I got out, called my friend and asked him what the number was. I guess the rest.
I was already hungry and I wanted ti tell him something in a high tone but I just remembered that "to make a discussion you need two people" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his mood and I got out, called my friend and asked him what the number was I guess the rest.	I was already hungry and I wanted to yell something back at him, but I just remembered that "to make a discussion you need two people" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his attitude and I got out, called my friend and asked him what the number was I guess the rest. What do you mean with "I guess the rest"?
I was already hungry and I wanted ti tell him something in a high tone but I just remembered that "to make a discussion you need two people" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his mood and I got out, called my friend and asked him what the number was I guess the rest.	I was already hungry and I wanted to answer back but I just remembered that "to have an argument, you only need two people" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his mood and I left, called my friend and asked him what the number was.
Well, the idiom I wanted to practice was "TO PUT UP WITH".	Well, the idiom I wanted to practice was "TO PUT UP WITH".
Did I use it accurately?	Did I use it accurately?
Since this idiom is taken from the book "speaking english like an american", do you (people from other countries) have another version for this one?	Since this idiom is taken from the book "speaking English like an American", do you (people from other countries) have another version for this one?
Since this idiom is taken from the book "speaking english like an american", do you (people from other countries) have another version for this one?	Since this idiom is taken from the book "Speaking English like an American", do you (people from other countries) have another version for this one?
Just a final question:	Just a final question:
If I want to refer to you as a group, can I say "LANG-ERS", "LANG8-ERS" or none of them?	If I want to refer to you as a group, can I say "LANG-ERS", "LANG8-ERS" or none of them?
If I want to refer to you as a group, can I say "LANG-ERS", "LANG8-ERS" or none of them?	If I want to refer to you as a group, can I say "LANG-ERS", "LANG8-ERS" or neither of them?
Thanks for you help LANG-ERS/LANG8-ERS...	Thanks for you help LANG-ERS/LANG8-ERS...
A bit of theory - Part 1	A bit of theory - Part 1
This was a text a had to do for an university project.	This was a text I had to do for a university project.
Now I want some native speaker's perceptions about it.	Now I want some native speakers' perceptions of it.
Please help me.	Please help me.
BRAIN AND INFORMATION	THE BRAIN AND INFORMATION
Neurological studies have identified many of the aspects of foreign language learning.	Neurological studies have identified many of the aspects of foreign language learning.
To begin, it is important to say that human brain has a great electric and chemical activity.	To begin, it is important to say that the human brain has a great amount of electric and chemical activity.
The cerebral waves activity is clasified into some groups, each one named with a greek letter: Alpha, Delta, Gamma and Theta.	The cerebral wave activity is classified into groups, each one named with a Greek letter: Alpha, Delta, Gamma and Theta.
Each of those groups has a different unit of cerebral waves cycles per second.	Each of those groups has a different unit of cerebral wave cycles per second.
So, Alpha waves have a frecuency of 0.5 and 0.4 cycles per second, and they are often found in a state of deep sleep.	So, Alpha waves have a frequency of 0.5 and 0.4 cycles per second, and they are often found in a state of deep sleep.
Theta waves have a frecuency of 5 and 7 cycles per second and they are found in a state between wakefulness and dreaming.	Theta waves have a frequency of 5 and 7 cycles per second, and they are found in the state between wakefulness and dreaming.
Theta waves have a frecuency of 5 and 7 cycles per second and they are found in a state between wakefulness and dreaming.	Theta waves have a frequency of 5 to 7 cycles per second and they are found in a sleeping person until they begin to dream.
Alpha waves have a frecuency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and a relaxed alert.	Alpha waves have a frequency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and a relaxed alert.
Alpha waves have a frecuency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and a relaxed alert.	Alpha waves have a frequency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and of relaxed alert.
Beta waves have a frecuency of 15 and 22 cycles per second which are found in a state of crisis, anxiety and agressiveness.	Beta waves have a frequency of 15 and 22 cycles per second, and they are found in a state of crisis, anxiety and aggressiveness.
Beta waves have a frecuency of 15 and 22 cycles per second which are found in a state of crisis, anxiety and agressiveness.	Beta waves have a frequency of 15 to 22 cycles per second and are observed in states of crisis, anxiety and aggressiveness.
The massive production of Alpha waves in children make them have a great learning capacity that can even permit to get a super-learning or acelerated learning when there is a state of peace.	The massive production of Alpha waves in children makes them have a great learning capacity that can even allow them to achieve super-learning or accelerated learning when there is a state of peace.
The massive production of Alpha waves in children make them have a great learning capacity that can even permit to get a super-learning or acelerated learning when there is a state of peace.	The massive production of Alpha waves in children makes them have a great learning capacity that can even permit them to attain super-learning or accelerated learning when in a state of peace.
By the other hand, if there is a state of agressiveness or stress, learning can not be achieved.	On the other hand, if there is a state of aggressiveness or stress, learning cannot be achieved.
By the other hand, if there is a state of agressiveness or stress, learning can not be achieved.	On the other hand, in a state of aggressiveness or stress, such learning cannot be achieved.
So, it would be ideal to have some elements that let the brain create Alpha waves, such as water consume, deep respiration, good posture and relaxed environments.	So, it would be ideal to have some elements that let the brain create Alpha waves, such as water consumption, deep respiration, good posture and a relaxed environment.
In addition, it is necessary to take into account that there are three main ways the information arrives to the brain through.	In addition, it is necessary to take into account that there are three main ways through which the information arrives to the brain.
In addition, it is necessary to take into account that there are three main ways the information arrives to the brain through.	There are three main ways information reaches the brain . I wouldn't say "arrive to"... you can also add "through which" as floury suggested. I wouldn't use "it is necessary" at the beginning, because you did not say what it is necessary FOR. What you can do is try something like this: If we wish to find ways to maximize production of Alpha waves in the brain, it is necessary to take into account the three main ways...
These three ways are called the perception channels, and are usually used by the NLP (neuro-linguistic programming) to generate positive and permanent changements in people's behavior.	These ways are called the perception channels, and are usually used by the NLP (neuro-linguistic programming) to generate positive and permanent changes in people's behavior.
In the first channel, information is perceived from visual stimuli.	In the first channel, information is perceived from visual stimuli.
Therefore all that can be seen goes to the brain through this channel, as pictures, images, letters etc.	Therefore, everything that can be seen goes to the brain through this channel, such as pictures, images, letters etc.
Therefore all that can be seen goes to the brain through this channel, as pictures, images, letters etc.	Therefore all that can be seen goes to the brain through this channel, such as pictures, images, letters etc. I actually don't have a problem with "all that can be seen," although I would never use it in everyday language.
In the second one the information that goes to the brain is whatever can be heard, as songs, words, phrases, etc.	In the second one, the information that goes to the brain is whatever can be heard, such as songs, words, phrases, etc.
In the second one the information that goes to the brain is whatever can be heard, as songs, words, phrases, etc.	The second channel transmits auditory information to the brain, such as songs, words, phrases, etc.
And finally, in the third one, the information is treated by the senses as when feeling different kinds of shapes, sizes, tastes, smells, etc.	And finally, in the third one, the information is treated by the senses as when feeling different kinds of shapes, sizes, tastes, smells, etc. I don't understand this line.
And finally, in the third one, the information is treated by the senses as when feeling different kinds of shapes, sizes, tastes, smells, etc.	And finally, the third channel processes differences perceived through the six senses; for example differences between different shapes, sizes, tastes or smells.
However, every human being has a predominant perception channel that is the most effective way of learning for every single person.	However, every human being has a predominant perception channel that is the most effective way of learning for him or her.
However, every human being has a predominant perception channel that is the most effective way of learning for every single person.	However, every human being has a predominant perception channel that is the most effective way of learning for them.
Hence, a person with a predominant visual channel conceptualizes the world in images, feels safer when he/she has the possibility to see images and figures and learns faster when the information is presented as a visual stimulus.	Hence, a person with a predominant visual channel conceptualizes the world in images, feels safer when he or she has the possibility to see images and figures, and learns faster when the information is presented as a visual stimulus.
Hence, a person with a predominant visual channel conceptualizes the world in images, feels safer when he/she has the possibility to see images and figures and learns faster when the information is presented as a visual stimulus.	Hence, a person with a predominant visual channel conceptualizes the world in images, feels safer when they have the possibility to see images and figures and learns faster when the information is presented as a visual stimulus.
Thanks for having read my text!!	Thanks for reading my text!!
:)	:)
Quick message	Quick message
I am a bit sad and frustrated.	I am a bit sad and frustrated.
Some of you may know that I write once in a blue moon.	Some of you may know that I write once in a blue moon.
When it happens of course that I want to be corrected.	When it happens, of course I want to be corrected.
I spend good time to correct others and give them explanations if needed.	I spend good time correcting others and giving them explanations if needed.
But the day before yesterday I wrote an entry in french and it seems that no one wanted to have a look on it.	But the day before yesterday I wrote an entry in french and it seems that no one wanted to have a look on it.
This morning someone finally read it and even congratulated me because of the text.	This morning someone finally read it and even congratulated me because of the text.
however he said that I had some little mistakes.	however he said that I had some little mistakes.
I had a nice conversation, but at the end my text was not corrected.	I had a nice conversation, but at the end my text was not corrected.
And up to now I really don't know what my mistakes were.	And even now I really don't know what my mistakes were.
The main reason (he said) was that the text is very long and readers get bored while reading it.	The main reason (he said) was that the text was very long and readers got bored while reading it.What you have is right. But the past tense sounds more natural to me. I will try to figure out an explanation.
In addition the topic is not very common.	In addition the topic is not very common.
But that's what I want to write about.	But that's what I want to write about.
And that's way I am going to write shorter texts, even if I feel that I have too much to say.	And that's why I am going to write shorter texts, even if I feel that I have too much to say. I think this was only a typo.
But I wonder if it is too much work too point out a single mistake and say "I'll come back later to correct the others" or "don't write so f***** long entries!!!...	But I wonder if it is too much work to point out a single mistake and say "I'll come back later to correct the others" or "don't write such f***** long entries!!!...
I don't have time to write everyday and that's way I make a big effort to accumulate energy just to vomit it in a text that takes me much time.	I don't have time to write everyday and that's way I make a big effort to accumulate energy and focus on a text that takes me a long time.
I'll really appreciate your corrections and this time I hope you won't disapoint me.	I'll really appreciate your corrections and this time I hope you won't disapoint me.
Thanks for taking your precious time to correct me.	Thanks for taking your precious time to correct me.
[ING 003] On time and Technologie	[ING 003] On time and Technologie
On time and Technologie	On time and technology
On time and Technologie	On time and technology
It has been very evident for all us that new inventions have brought us a lot of advantages.	It has been evident to all us that new inventions have brought us a lot of advantages.
Among the wide range of items that make part of this century and that are considered to be part of the human mind’s most incredible creations, it is possible to find trains, computers (in all their ways: Ipods, Pcs, mp3 players, etc ) and a thousand other things.	Among the wide range of items of this century and that are considered to be part of the human mind’s most incredible creations, it is possible to find trains, computers (in all their forms : Ipods, Pcs, mp3 players, etc ) and a thousand other things.
All those elements are the result of centuries of work in which human being has tried to fight against the things that have made his life more difficult.	All these elements are the result of centuries of work in which the human being has tried to fight against the things that have made his life more difficult.
As an example, trains were created in order to eliminate space and time obstacles between people.	As an example, trains were created in order to eliminate space and time obstacles between people.
Let’s imagine for a moment the classic scene of the two lovers who have to separate from each other having to wait a long time not only to see each other again but also for receiving news from his/her beloved.	Let’s imagine for a moment the classic scene of the two lovers who have to separate from each other, having to wait a long time not only to see each other again, but also for receiving news from each other.
Traditional communication ways as mail post took (and still take) too much time to bring a message that sometimes can save lifes.	Traditional communication such as mail post took (and still take) too much time to bring a message that sometimes can save lives.
Horses have been replaced by planes as well as ships.	Horses have been replaced by planes as well as ships.
All those are inventions with the power to send a flower from Australia to Finland or a Cd from South Africa to Canada.	All those are inventions with the power to send a flower from Australia to Finland or a cd from South Africa to Canada.
More than the 50% of the population now is able to dream of traveling to a foreign land far away from his original continent.	More than the 50% of the population now is able to dream of traveling to a foreign land far away from their original continent.
This dream is also nourished by the thousand of images and videos watched everyday from every coin of the world.	This dream is also nourished by the thousand of images and videos watched everyday from every corner of the world.
Despite of the fact that I can spend even days talking about the advantages of nowadays technologie, today I want to talk about the negative part that still exists when using it.	Despite of the fact that I can spend even days talking about the advantages of current technology, today I want to talk about the negatives that still exist when using it.
Fifteen years ago I hardly know that the best computer application was DOS.	Fifteen years ago I hardly knew that the best computer application was DOS.
Today my room is “decorated” with a printer and a laptop that is connected to a home theater in which I can listen to a Hi quality disc.	Today my room is “decorated” with a printer and a laptop that is connected to a home theater in which I can listen to a Hi quality disc.
Ten years ago I knew that somewhere on the net I would find the answer to most of the questions I had just by introducing the letters www.	Ten years ago I knew that somewhere on the net I would find the answer to most of the questions I had just by typing the letters www.
google.	google.
com and spending about ten minutes searching for the answer.	com and spending about ten minutes searching for the answer.
Eventhough human being adapts to everything, in this case adaptation has turned to be an exagerated search of take advantage of time.	Eventhough human being adapts to everything, in this case adaptation has turned to be an exagerated search of taking advantage of time.
Nowadays, we get extremely stressed when google takes more than 5 seconds to show a result and we get even more stressed if we have to retype the words again because we didn’t write it properly.	Nowadays, we get extremely stressed when google takes more than 5 seconds to show a result and we get even more stressed if we have to retype the words again because we didn’t write it properly.
We feel worry if a message we are waiting for doesn’t arrive immediately and we start to reload and reload hundreds of times our mail inbox page.	We worry if a message we are waiting for doesn’t arrive immediately and we start to reload and reload hundreds of times our mail inbox page.
The worst thing has arrived with facebook, where thousands of people are sticked to the screen during hours just to wait that someone “likes” his last (from the thousands a day) comment.	The worst thing is facebook, where thousands of people are stuck to the screen for hours just to wait and see that someone “likes” his last (from the thousands a day) comment.
I have tried to show that internet has changed our lifes in a positive as well as in a negative way.	I have tried to show that internet has changed our lifes in a positive as well as in a negative way.
In the other hand, does everybody try to use internet to take advantage of time or rather to use the rest of the time on it?	On the other hand, does everybody try to use internet to take advantage of time or rather to use the rest of the time on it?
Social networks have become social networks instead of being virtual social networks!	Social networks have become true social networks instead of being virtual social networks!
Teenagers read (useful things) less than before and spent more time in front of the screen instead of feeling how a walk can make them feel better.	Teenagers read (useful things) less than before and spend more time in front of the screen instead of experiencing how a walk can make them feel better.
I realized that I become addicted to Lang-8.	I realized that I have become addicted to Lang-8.
But it is only an addiction that tries to calm down my anxiety for learning languages.	But it is only an addiction that tries to calm down my anxiety for learning languages.
In addition, I also discovered that my time conception depends on my stressing environment.	In addition, I also discovered that my time conception depends on my environment.
It is up to me to change this.	It is up to me to change this.
And there is a lot to talk about concerning this topic.	And there is a lot to talk about concerning this topic.
Life has given me a warning that I want to follow.	Life has given me a warning that I want to follow.
I am thinking about a new way of leaning which I will tell in my newer posts.	I am thinking about a new way of leaning which I will explain in my newer posts.
Thanks for reading, correcting and commenting.	Thanks for reading, correcting and commenting.
What is your conception of time??	What is your conception of time??
[ING 001] THE WAY I LEARN	[ING 001] THE WAY I LEARN
As a teacher, I always have to take into account every student's way of learning.	As a teacher, I always have to take into account every student's way of learning.
For example, some learn by listening and repeating while others are not able to learn unless they know the structure they are using.	For example, some learn by listening and repeating while others are not able to learn unless they know the structure they are using.
Besides, there are some others that learn by translating while talking, and some others have to read in their minds what they are going to say.	Besides, there are some others that learn by translating while talking, and some others have to read in their minds what they are going to say.
As you may experienced, everyone has a different way of learning.	As you may have experienced, everyone has a different way of learning.
But it is very ironic that I don't know my own way of learning.	But it is very ironic that I don't know my own way of learning.
In my first years at the university I just did the exercises the teachers proposed, that generally covered one unit of the student's book.	In my first years at the university I just did the exercises the teachers proposed, that generally covered one unit of the student's book.
However I didn't feel motivated to study outside the classroom, maybe because I was not in an active learning process.	However I didn't feel motivated to study outside the classroom, maybe because I was not in an active learning process.
Nevertheless, one day a discovered that I could speak both french and English fluently (not perfectly, but I was able to give a clear message).	Nevertheless, one day I discovered that I could speak both French and English fluently (not perfectly, but I was able to convey a clear message).
Since that moment I could manage better my learning, because it became easier.	Since that moment I could better manage my learning, because it became easier.
Some time later when I took some basic classes of latin and German, I also found out that those languages were not difficult for me and I started to look for information about other ones.	Some time later when I took some basic classes in Latin and German, I also found out that those languages were not difficult for me and I started to look for information about other ones.
Some time later when I took some basic classes of latin and German, I also found out that those languages were not difficult for me and I started to look for information about other ones.	Some time later when I took some basic classes in Latin and German, I also found out that those languages were not difficult for me and I started to look for information about others.
As a result, I finally decided to start to learn a new language.	As a result, I finally decided to start to learn a new language.
My first experience with russian was not very good, because there is not appropiated practice material and all that remains in my mind when I read a title like "Russian in 30 days" is an extreme frustration of not having mastered all the thousand ways to decline.	My first experience with Russian was not very good, because there is no appropriated practice material and all that remains in my mind when I read a title like "Russian in 30 days" is an extreme frustration of not having mastered all the thousand ways to decline.
My first experience with russian was not very good, because there is not appropiated practice material and all that remains in my mind when I read a title like "Russian in 30 days" is an extreme frustration of not having mastered all the thousand ways to decline.	My first experience with Russian was not very good, because there is no suitable practice material and all that remains in my mind when I read a title like "Russian in 30 days" is an extreme frustration of not having mastered all the thousand ways to decline.
The same happened to me with other languages, having or not the declension system.	The same happened to me with other languages, whether or not they had a declension system. 
The same happened to me with other languages, having or not the declension system.	The same happened to me with other languages, whether or not they had a declension system. 
Last year a student of mine went to the USA and bought there a book that gave me as a gift.	Last year a student of mine went to the USA and bought there a book that he gave me as a gift.
The book is called "Italian made simple" and I found it very interesting.	The book is called "Italian made simple" and I found it very interesting.
I started reading the lessons, the exercices, but I still was not able to start talking.	I started reading the lessons, the exercices, but I still was not able to start talking.
Before getting frustrated I decided to continue reading the book and surprisingly I get the half of the book read, because its methodology was not bad at all and some expressions called my attention.	Before getting frustrated I decided to continue reading the book and surprisingly I got half of the book read, because its methodology was not bad at all and some expressions caught my attention.
That's how, one day I decided to start writing in italian and finally discovered a possible way for me to learn.	That's how, one day I decided to start writing in Italian and finally discovered a possible way for me to learn.
I hadn't felt active in classes, because they were extremely progressive and I cannot say whatever I wanted but just what the book allowed me.	I hadn't felt active in classes, because they were extremely progressive and I could not say whatever I wanted but just what the book allowed me.
However, this time was different!	However, this time was different!
My anxiety could be satisfied by searching on the book what I needed.	My anxiety could be satisfied by searching through the book for what I needed.
For example, if wanted to use the future tense, I went to the unit where that topic was explained and I just applied it to a text.	For example, if wanted to use the future tense, I went to the unit where that topic was explained and I just applied it to a text.
The same happened with words, expressions and almost all the grammar!	The same happened with words, expressions and almost all the grammar!
This are the first two steps of my foreign language learning:	These are the first two steps of my foreign language learning:
1-A rapid general grammar review.	1-A rapid general grammar review.
2-A special selection of the items I need from that language to comunicate.	2-A special selection of the items I need from that language to comunicate.
Of course there were missing things in the book, but I tried to fill that blank using the on-line dictionary wordreference.	Of course there were things missing in the book, but I tried to fill in that blank using the on-line dictionary wordreference.
Step #3: 3-Search on the dictionary.	Step #3: 3-Search in the dictionary.
I finally was able to create a text, after having tested the new expressions in google!!!	I finally was able to create a text, after having tested the new expressions in Google!!!
So, if you think that an expression that you haven't seen before is right or wrong, you can write it down in google's research space and it will show you the right form and more things!!!	So, if you wonder whether an expression that you haven't seen before is right or wrong, you can type it in Google's search window and it will show you the right form and more things!!!
I tried to apply this "methodology" when I created my profile and it seems to have worked with German, Italian and Portuguese.	I tried to apply this "methodology" when I created my profile and it seems to have worked with German, Italian and Portuguese.
I hope to be able to create it with other languages (Romanian, Russian, finnish and Japanese are in my list).	I hope to be able to recreate the experience with other languages (Romanian, Russian, Finnish and Japanese are in my list).
The problem is that it takes too much time, but once I get a right expression, it remains in my head!!!	The problem is that it takes too much time, but once I get an expression right, it remains in my head!!!
I am trying other ways to learn and I will talk about it but later.	I am trying other ways to learn and I will talk about it, but later.
But the only thing I need is your help.	But the only thing I need is your help.
So, I will be glad if you correct any mistake you see in all my texts.	So, I will be glad if you correct any mistake you see in all my texts.
Thanks for reading!!!	Thanks for reading!!!
[ING-009] Correcting texts	[ING-009] Correcting texts
Hello everybody!	Hello everybody!
Since one of the learning process' steps is "metacognition" (to know/recognize what you know or you don't) I decided to have a look at a text a friend recommended me to review.	Since one of the learning process' steps is "metacognition" (to know/recognize what you know or you don't) I decided to have a look at a text a friend recommended me to review.
She trusts me and I don't want to dissapoint her.	She trusts me and I don't want to dissapoint her.
However I did my best to help her, but it was a bit dificult for me since I could not find a perfect translation for some sentences.	However I did my best to help her, but it was a bit dificult for me since I could not find a perfect translation for some sentences.
Please help me.	Please help me.
I think I'll do this very often because it makes me effort to discover grammar stuff.	I think I'll do this very often because it forces me to make an effort to discover grammar stuff.
Thanks a lot.	Thanks a lot.
My friend's text:	My friend's text:
DIFFERENT WAYS OF FUN	DIFFERENT WAYS OF HAVING FUN
DIFFERENT WAYS OF FUN	DIFFERENT WAYS OF HAVING FUN
In my opinion I think that our cultures are different even in small things like our tendencies for fun, the own  history of our countries makes the idiosyncrasy of our people  been very different, our needs, our temperaments and  the  way of conceiving life.	In my opinion I think that our cultures are different even in small things like our tendencies for having fun. The individual histories of our countries have given them very different idiosyncrasies, needs, temperaments and conceptions of life.
One of the most important place for fun in Australia  are the casinos ,they have more financial capacity to use a lot of fun  in  big gambling casinos,even for the oldest people, it is a habit that comes from many generations back.	One of the most important places for having fun in Australia are the casinos, as the people have more financial capacity to have a lot of fun gambling in big casinos, even the oldest people. It is a habit that goes back many generations.
They are a population that enjoys also many opportunities to travel along their  enormous country  and through the world .	They are a population that also enjoys many opportunities to travel across their enormous country and throughout the world .
Although it is clear that in Colombia our people don´t  have the same opportunities, we handle better  our resources and get feeling more satisfied with simple activities such as going out to a city park , or meeting with some friends to watch some movie at home.	Although it is clear that in Colombia our people don´t have the same opportunities, we handle our resources better and feel more satisfied with simple activities such as going out to a city park,_or meeting with some friends to watch some movie at home.
I think the big difference is that our people regardless to our social level, we can  satisfying our needs easier assuming  our reality, while  to a large percentage of Australians most often it is difficult to meet  their requirements easily, although life in the countryside is different than in large cities in Australia , there people are calmer and with little expectations , similar than in Colombia.	I think the big difference is that our people, regardless of social level, can satisfy their needs more easily given their situation, while to a large degree for Australians most often it is difficult to meet requirements, although life in the countryside is different than in large cities in Australia where people are calmer and have little expectations, similar to Colombia.
Another traditional activity many people have fun with is collecting different items and then doing exhibitions of them .	Another traditional activity many people enjoy is collecting different items and then doing exhibitions of them .
At the end I think the kind of fun varies according to age, social level, location of residence worldwide it is the same ,by that of the globalization to the customs they have unified a little bit one.	In the end, I think the kind of fun varies according to age, social standing, and place of residence. Worldwide it is the same, as through globalization customs have unified a little bit .
My suggestions:	My suggestions:
DIFFERENT WAYS OF FUN	DIFFERENT WAYS OF HAVING FUN
DIFFERENT WAYS OF FUN	DIFFERENT WAYS OF HAVING FUN
In my opinion/I think that our cultures are different even in small things such as our tendences for fun.	In my opinion/I think that our cultures are different even in small things such as our preferences for having fun.
The history of our countries itself, has made our peoples’ idiosyncrasy very different (our needs, our temperaments and  the  way of conceiving life).	The history of our countries itself, has made our peoples’ idiosyncrasies very different (our needs, our temperaments and our way of conceiving life).
One of the most important places for fun in Australia are casinos.	One of the most important places for having fun in Australia are casinos.
Australians have more financial capacity to have fun with, in big gambling casinos.	Australians have more financial capacity to have fun in big casinos.
Even for the oldest people, it is a habit that comes from many generations back	Even for the oldest people, it is a habit that goes back many generations.
They are people that also enjoys many opportunities to travel along their enormous country  and through the world.	They are people that also enjoy many opportunities to travel across their enormous country and the world.
Although it is clear that in Colombia people don´t have the same opportunities, we handle better our resources and get more satisfied with simple activities such as going out to a city park, or meeting with some friends to watch some movies at home.	Although it is clear that in Colombia people don´t have the same opportunities, we handle our resources better and are more satisfied with simple activities such as going out to a city park, or meeting with some friends to watch some movies at home.
I think the big difference is that our people (regardless to our social level), we can  satisfy our needs easier assuming our reality, while  to a large percentage of Australians it is often difficult to get  their needs easily.	I think the big difference is that our people (regardless of social standing), can satisfy our needs easier given our situation, while a large percentage of Australians find it difficult to have all their needs met.
Although life in the countryside is different than in large cities in Australia, there, people are calmer and with little expectations, similar than in Colombia.	Of course, life in the Australian countryside is different than in the large cities, where people are calmer and have little expectations, similar to Colombia.
Although life in the countryside is different than in large cities in Australia, there, people are calmer and with little expectations, similar than in Colombia.	Of course, life in the Australian countryside is different than in the large cities, where people are calmer and with few expectations, similar to life in Colombia.
Another traditional activity that many people have fun with, is collecting different items and then doing exhibitions of them.	Another traditional activity that many people enjoy, is collecting different items and then doing exhibitions of them.
At the end I think the kind of fun varies according to age, social level, location of residence worldwide is the same, because globalization have unified customs a little bit.	In the end I think the kind of fun people prefer varies according to age, social level, and place of residence. It is the same worldwide , because globalization has unified customs a little bit.
What annoying partner i have!	What annoying partner i have!
Wherever you study you will have friends and classmates.	Wherever you study you will have friends and classmates.
I study at the university and the kind of classmate that I hate is the one who doesn't work in group.	I study at the university and the kind of classmate that I hate is the one who doesn't work in group.
The electric engineer must go to the phisics laboratory, because is a course we can't choose to take.	The electric engineer must go to the phisics laboratory, because is a course we can't choose to take.
Once i had a partner who dind't want to say anything in the group work, all of us were sharing ideas and writing the bests but this smart didn´t notice that we were upset with his behavior.	Once i had a partner who dind't want to say anything in the group work, all of us were sharing ideas and writing the bests but this smart didn´t notice that we were upset with his behavior.
I couldn't stand anymore this situation and told him to do number one and two of the experiments and then he start to work.	I couldn't stand anymore this situation and told him to do number one and two of the experiments and then he start to work.
Thank you for reading this experience.	Thank you for reading this experience.
Greetings...	Greetings...
Holaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!	Holaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Hola, soy nuevo en el servicio, y estoy con todas las ganas para compartir lo que pueda.	Hola, soy nuevo en el servicio, y estoy con todas las ganas para compartir lo que pueda.
Saludos para los que desean conversar con alguien en español.	Saludos para los que desean conversar con alguien en español.
Weekend 	Weekend 
Today began my vacations but only will rest, I slept  a lot for start renew energy...	Today began my vacation, but I will only rest. I will sleep a lot to replenish my energy.
This are month examimation over and pass, right now I'm happy go celebrete with my classmates are goint to met but there are raining and storm with posibility snow in east city  nearly  the andes mountain.	This month the examinations are over, so right now I'm happy. I'm going to celebrate with my classmates, but it's raining with a possibility of snow in the east city, near the Andes mountains.
Stop raining, its more boring I don't like but in good company is funnier.	It would be boring if it stopped raining, but I'd rather be in good company.
Thanks you for his corrections.	Thanks you for his corrections.
Doubt	Doubt
Hi, I've  doubt for used  about verbs "say" and "tell".	Hi, I'm not sure about the usage of verbs "say" and "tell".
use verbs say for: sentences words more informal	The verb "say" is used for sentences with informal words.
use  verbs Tell for: sentences  afirmatives with true or lie ( more formal)	The verb "tell" is used for sentences with afirmatives that are either true or false. ( more formal)
Thank you help me, 	Thank you for helping me.
Tiger " Tora"	Tiger " Tora"
Since years, I Like technique of art japanese "irezumi", I was reading and I was looking pictures the master Hiriyoshi.	For years, I have liked the Japanese art of "irezumi." I was reading and looking at pictures by the master Hiriyoshi.
I was thinking made news tattoo in arms left, I belive it is very important desicion something to stay your body, but independent that if it can erase  with laser  it don't funnier without grace beacuse and it have  personal meanings and we must secure.	I was thinking of getting a new tattoo on my left arm, I believe it is a very important decision putting something on your body, but it can be erased with a laser it don't funnier without grace because and it has personal meaning that we must preserve.
I would you like to draw tatoo the Tiger or "tora" not for the fashion, I like its,considered for chinese the four sacred animals simbols the north representing  the autumn and control of the winds.	I would like to get a tattoo of the Tiger or "tora," not for fashion, I like it because it is considered by the Chinese to be one of the four sacred animal symbols, the North representing the autumn and control of the winds.
Besides strenght, courage and long life.	Also strength, courage and long life.
The tiger are also said to be able to ward off bad luck.	The tiger is also said to be able to ward off bad luck.
He will design are process, I want to tatoo only and exclusively mine, I hope can ready before next mounth.	He will design the process, I want a tattoo that is only and exclusively mine, I hope it can be ready before next month.
Thanks so much for corrections...	Thanks so much for your corrections...
Listen Reggae Music 	Listen Reggae Music 
Hi Everyone,  I have been busy and  I didn't written but Friday I was listened reggae music the Argentine's singer Dread Mar I, so I discovered her music since two mouth and I really like it there are several tracks on the disc Vivi-en-do are very good, relaxing and calm.	Hi Everyone, I have been busy and I didn't write but on Friday I was listening to reggae music by the Argentinian singer Dread Mar I, I discovered her music two months ago and I really like it, there are several tracks on the disc Vivi-en-do which are very good, relaxing and calming.
Hi Everyone,  I have been busy and  I didn't written but Friday I was listened reggae music the Argentine's singer Dread Mar I, so I discovered her music since two mouth and I really like it there are several tracks on the disc Vivi-en-do are very good, relaxing and calm.	Hi Everyone, I have been busy and I haven't written, but Friday I was listening to reggae music by the Argentine singer Dread Mar I. I discovered her music two months ago and I really like it. There are several tracks on the disc: Vivi-en-do are very good, relaxing and calm.
In free time search lyrics of song what I like its.	In my free time, I searched for the lyrics of a song that I like.
Today I write  paper	Today I write on paper
Today I write  paper	Today I wrote a paper
things I lived in yesterday	things I lived in yesterday
and save her my heart	and save my heart for her
and so feel and I will live	and so I feel and I will live
with sincerity of heart 	with sincerity of heart 
has tought me a to stay whole.	has taught me a to stay whole.
has tought me a to stay whole.	has taught me to stay whole.
I've always learn to look 	I've learned to always look 
what's right for me or is wrong	what's right for me or what is wrong
what's right for me or is wrong	for what's right for me or wrong
and so I want to sing continue the life	and so I want to sing and continue living
It will write more times 	It will write more times 
and my soul in the paper fails	and my soul in the paper fails
and I will  try make and dreams.	and I will try make and dreams. Try making my dreams come true?
It will write more times 	It will write more times 
and my soul in the paper fails	and my soul in the paper fails
and I will  try make and dreams.	and I will try make and dreams. Try making my dreams come true?
Its simple song but  its show relax and I rest all day 	It's a simple song, but it's relaxing and helps me rest all day 
Have a good day	Have a good day
Thanks for you corrections	Thanks for your corrections
Regards	Regards
Portable Audio	Portable Audio
A portable audio player is a mobile device that allows the user to hear pre-recorded sound, it’s can use different types of media storages, both analog and digital.	A portable audio player is a mobile device that allows the user to hear pre-recorded sound. It uses two different types of media storage: analog and digital.
The first portable audio was:	The first portable audio device was:
Phonograph:	Phonograph:
Consisted on recording and reproduction of sound by a cylinder of wax, plastic pond or spinning on a needle.	The phonograph consisted of a cylinder of wax that could both record and reproduce sound by spinning a needle over the surface.
Gramophone	Gramophone
Is similar like the phonograph, but this presented a disc plan.	The gramophone is similar to the phonograph, but this presented a disc plan No entiendo la frase "but this presented a disc plan." ¿Puedes describirla en otras palabras?
The main advantage was find  production factor than phonograph.	The main advantage was find production factor than phonograph.No entiendo esta oración. ¿Puedes describirla en otras palabras?
Vinyl	Vinyl
These is reproduction for turntable by means a needle, it had better soundand quality than Gramophone and phonograph.	Vinyl also reproduces sound by means a needle. Vinyl spins on a turntable but it has better sound quality than the gramophone and phonograph.
Today, they being made but in small quantities normally used by disc jockeys.	Today, they being made but in small quantities normally used by disc jockeys.
From this point, we borned of the cassette could be considered the beginning of the development of portable audio players	The invention of the cassette could be considered the beginning point of developing a portable audio player.
Cassettes 	Cassettes 
Walkman.	Walkman.
The cassette player was created by Philips in 1963.	Esta oración usa la voz pasiva. Te recomendaría que uses la voz activa: "Philips created the cassette player in 1963." 
Consume little energy and could be portable.	The cassette player consumed little energy and could be easily carried.
From this first model was developed portable equipment such as the Walkman (1979), which could be powered by batteries.	The first cassette player model lead to the development of the battery-powered Walkman in 1979.
CD.	CD.
They use optical scanning using a laser incident on a reflective aluminum layer	They use an optical laser for scanning a reflective aluminum layer.
Minidisc	Minidisc
The minidisc was manufactured by the company Sony in 1992.	Esta oración usa la voz pasiva. Te recomendaría que uses la voz activa. Sony manufactured the minidisc in 1992.
It is a digital audio format using a high quality Digital Player.	The minidisc is a high quality player that uses a digital audio format.
MP3	MP3
It is  recently  player.	The MP3 player is a recent invention.
It uses a compressed digital audio format 	It uses a compressed digital audio format 
Software used for playback, so you lose the physical component (disc, cassette, CD, etc.	It uses software to play audio, so the physical component (disc, cassette, CD, etc.) is no longer necessary.
..) allowed greater storage capacity.	..) allowed greater storage capacity.
Thank for your corrections	Era un placer. :P
Sports 	Sports 
Today while  I read the newspaper article the tennis match between Borg and McEnroe in Wimbledon in 1980 wich Borg won and lose next year.	Today, I was reading a newspaper article about the tennis match between Borg and McEnroe in Wimbledon in 1980, which Borg won and lost the next year.
My opinion article is more interesting and different styles, personality, player's tennis, now actually tennis with Federer, Nadal and Djokovic winners all champhionship some Borg and Mc but incresed prize in money example men´s and Women's singles each took home about 1.8 millon in Wimbledon  like not before.	My opinion article is more interesting and different styles, personality, player's tennis, now actually tennis with Federer, Nadal and Djokovic winners all champhionship some Borg and Mc but incresed prize in money example men´s and Women's singles each took home about 1.8 millon in Wimbledon  like not before.
The competition is very difficult there is new  young's talent every day,  but satisfaction of reach top more won money I belive are men´s and Women's may be the best.	The competition is very difficult, there is young, new talent every day, but satisfaction for reaching the top and winning more money is, I believe, are men´s and women's greatest strength.
I saw player's tennis actually is neccesary earn most acctitud with exceptions Fededer is gentleman and good man.	I think that, in player's tennis, it is actually necesary to earn more acctitud?? With exception, Fededer is a gentleman and a good man.
I saw play ex-number one Pete pistol with "Chino" Rios in Santiago, but now retired still played better.	I saw the former number-one player Pete Pistol play against "Chino" Rios in Santiago. They?? are now retired, but still played well.
Chance	Chance
Today , I don't think only I want to rest...	Today, I don't think I only want to rest...
So,I'm learn  english but is very difficult its pronuntation but I was undertood  there are days I will want to learn and learn each more.	So I'm learning English. Its pronunciation is very difficult, but I undertand that there are days when I will want to learn more and more.
I wonder what different have live in other country?...	I wonder what life is like in other countries?...
culture,hot,cold,food and drinks, people ..	culture,hot,cold,food and drinks, people ..
If you chosen when living and travel in relax and peace, Where should its be?	If you want to choose a place to travel and relax in peace, where should it be?
How to speak multiple languages without mixing them up.	How to speak multiple languages without mixing them up.
I was reading  blog in internet, How to speak multiple languages without mixing them up?.	I was reading  blog in internet, How to speak multiple languages without mixing them up?.
It´s possible...	It´s possible...
I think so, is very difficult because I found words similar in english,portuguese and spanish but If  you want to learn other languages there are take trouble.	I think so, is very difficult because I found words similar in english,portuguese and spanish but If  you want to learn other languages there are take trouble.
Thanks for your corrections...	Thanks for your corrections...
Best Regards Ricardo	Best Regards Ricardo
Today is great day	Today is a great day
Today is friday..	Today is Friday..
we are goint to match selecction football-soccer when play in to argentina the american Cup, I often  meet watching tv my friends.	We are going to the selection football-soccer match when the American Cup is in Argentina. I often meet my friends to watch TV.
So, we there  eat and drink will wait at moment start match..	So, we eat and drink there and wait for the match to start ..
If winner is national party, we live people  appasionality for soccer..	If Argentina is the winner, there is a national party, our people have a great passion for soccer..
If lost we don't listen, but today winner if or if...	If we lose, we don't listen, but today the winner if or if ???...
Good luck	Good luck
several 1 	several 1 
Are You take a risk?	Are You take a risk? Maybe "Are you interested in taking a risk? Do you like to take risks?"
“New ways of Getting around” there are some inventions in land o sea.	“New ways of Getting around” there are some inventions for land and sea.
On Land  	On Land  
*The wheelman: the  design is simple it's very similar and skateboarding and surfing.	*The wheelman: the design is simple, it's very similar to skateboarding and surfing.
*Trikkesccoter; Made of aluminum it very light.	*Trikkesccoter; Made of aluminum and it is very light.
On Sea	On Sea
*Outrider is attached to strange-looking ski, allowing in to smoothly over the water.	*Outrider is attached to strange-looking skis, allowing it to run smoothly over the water.
*Powersky jet board, this cration bring tougher the ese of water skiing and freedom of surfing.	*Powersky jet board, this creation brings greater ease to water skiing and freedom of surfing.
Thanks your corrections	Thanks for your corrections
Best regards	Best regards
Ricardo	Ricardo
Doubt 2	Doubt 2
Hi everyone I'm not sure about the usage  of   adjetive whole and all.	Hi everyone I'm not sure about the usage  of   adjetive whole and all.
All is more global  and whole is more specific.	All is more global  and whole is more specific.
I don't undertand diference between its, 	I don't undertand diference between its, 
Thanks for help me.	Thanks for help me.
Educational System 	Educational System 
I was reading press problems university and studients to prostest against actually educational system in chilean good "una mierda".	I was reading in the newspaper about problems in universities. Students are prostesting against the current educational system in Chile, calling it "una mierda".
The Chilean government wasn't high circumstances and don't has been capable and give to resolve problems.	The Chilean government, under the circumstances, hasn't been capable of resolving the problem.
Nobody said it was easy changes since day to another but eduaction and health are firth development in country.	Nobody said it would be easy to change from one day to another, but education and health are developing in the country.
Now studients was strike hungry...	Now students are on a hunger strike...
we talks childs ¡¡¡ fighting for rights, be listen and next generations  can receive dignity and quality education.	We are talking to children, fighting for our rights, if they listen the next generations will receive dignity and quality education.
Made report The New york times....	The New York Times made the report....
A kind of diary	A kind of diary
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
I'm Carla and I'm from Valencia, Spain.	I'm Carla and I'm from Valencia, Spain.
Yesterday, I thought: "I have to practice my English!" So I am here.	Yesterday, I thought: "I have to practice my English!" So I am here.
I wanted to write something in this website, but I do not have any idea.	I wanted to write something on this website, but I do not have any ideas.
So I thought to start a kind of diary.	So I thought to start a kind of diary.
However, when I was a child I started a lot of diaries, and...	However, when I was a child I started a lot of diaries, and...
well, I only wrote two or three pages.	well, I only wrote two or three pages.
But this is different.	But this is different.
It is writen in English!	It is written in English!
I think it could be...	I think it could be...
funny?	funny?
Interesting?	Interesting?
I don't know!	I don't know!
Time will say it.	Time will tell.
How can I start?	Where do I start?
As I said, my name is Carla.	As I said, my name is Carla.
I have eighteen years old and this is my first year at the University.	I am eighteen years old and this is my first year at University.
Now, we have just started the second term, and I have changed completely all the subjects.	Now, we have just started the second term, and I have changed completely all the subjects.
Last term I had English, Spanish, Catalan, Traductology and Classic Culture.	Last term I had English, Spanish, Catalan, Translation and Classic Culture.
Now, I have English, too, Linguistics, Literature, Technology and Philosophy- don't ask me why I have it.	Now, I have English, still, Linguistics, Literature, Technology and Philosophy - don't ask me why I have that one.
This week I knew some of the results of the exams.	This week I found out some of the results of the exams.
I have an A in three of them!- I don't know the others yet.	I have an A on three of them!- I don't know the others yet.
I am watching the time and I realise that...	I am watching the time and I realise that...
I have a lot of homework!	I have a lot of homework!
I have to read two texts, do a summary for the English class and write a letter for an English friend (I will tell my visits to England another time).	I have to read two texts, do a summary for the English class and write a letter to an English friend (I will tell of my visits to England another time).
I think...	I think...
Maybe the next time it could be called "A kind of autobiography"!	Maybe the next time it could be called "A kind of autobiography"!
Bye!	Bye!
Today´s meeting	Today´s meeting
Hello everybody,	Hello everybody,
Today was a stressful day, I´d prepared a presentation yesterday using MS PowerPoint, my boss did not have enough time to check it out and only gave me a quick review, the presentations had, too many mistakes in the written english and in the content itself.	Today was a stressful day, I´d prepared a presentation yesterday using MS PowerPoint. My boss did not have enough time to check it out and only gave me a quick review. The presentations had,too many mistakes in the written English and in the content itself.
I did the corrections today, but even so I can´t be able to correct all just the form in the content.	I did the corrections today, but even so I am unable to correct all of them just the form in the content.
In the presentation time, I experienced some difficulties to speak in a fluently way, but even so I could communicate my ideas about  a developing project his is under my responsibility right now.	In the presentation time, I experienced some difficulties speaking in a fluently manner, but even so I could communicate my ideas about a developing project under my responsibility right now.
I wish to be brief in my first relate, I know i had too many mistakes and it will be really appreciated if someone corrects me, please.	I wish to be brief in my first post?, I know i had too many mistakes and it will be really appreciated if someone corrects me, please.
Thanks a lot.	Thanks a lot.
Betrayed by my mind	Betrayed by my mind
Sometimes I wonder if my health is ok.	Sometimes I wonder if my health is ok.
I think everybody has several symptoms like headache, nausea and weakness, it could be attributed to any sort of illnesses like, Cancer, diabetes, kidney malfunction etc..	I think everybody has several symptoms like headache, nausea and weakness, it could be attributed to any sort of illnesses like, Cancer, diabetes, kidney malfunction etc..
but may be just caused by stress.	but may be just caused by stress.
Since I realized my work is very stressful, even if it's easy but as I need to process everything in tree languages, french, english and spanish.	Since I realized my work is very stressful, even if it's easy but as I need to process everything in tree languages, french, english and spanish.
I must to transform the information I caught to the computer language or in a set of instructions for some software configuration.	I must to transform the information I caught to the computer language or in a set of instructions for some software configuration.
In addition I wish to have a better salary and find some other job that allows me increase my rates.	In addition I wish to have a better salary and find some other job that allows me increase my rates.
Also adding my family needs, mmm I had so few time for myself, because I need improve my english and french skills if I really want raise to the next level.	Also adding my family needs, mmm I had so few time for myself, because I need improve my english and french skills if I really want raise to the next level.
This kind of life i can't afford for a long time because human being need some good feedback in order to have some kind of reward having the success sensation.	This kind of life i can't afford for a long time because human being need some good feedback in order to have some kind of reward having the success sensation.
Instead of that I receive some symptoms that my body raises in warning about how much I work, then I think I have some strange illness and my mind tries to ignore them but really I need putmy priorities in order and take it easy to get calm, even if I am in a deadlock.	Instead of that I receive some symptoms that my body raises in warning about how much I work, then I think I have some strange illness and my mind tries to ignore them but really I need putmy priorities in order and take it easy to get calm, even if I am in a deadlock.
Thanks to all whom gives to me some corrections and thanks again because I did two things at the fly, one is write out in english the other one is to do a flush about my feelings.	Thanks to all whom gives to me some corrections and thanks again because I did two things at the fly, one is write out in english the other one is to do a flush about my feelings.
Thanks again	Thanks again
My first message in Lang-8	My first message in Lang-8
Hello	Hello
This is my frist message in Lang-8, I want to learnt english to travel around the world, I would like to visit a lot of place like(USA, Russia, Japan...) but for this I need to speak English fluence however in this moment my english is very bad, I have problem whith grammar and listenning.	This is my frist message in Lang-8, I want to learnt english to travel around the world, I would like to visit a lot of place like(USA, Russia, Japan...) but for this I need to speak English fluence however in this moment my english is very bad, I have problem whith grammar and listenning.
This summer I stayed in UK(Cambridge) for study english, I enjoyed much there, I want came back there this summer when I will end my study.	This summer I stayed in UK(Cambridge) for study english, I enjoyed much there, I want came back there this summer when I will end my study.
See you soon.	See you soon.
helloooooo	helloooooo
hello I'm learning English and i want to improve my spelling.....	hello I'm learning English and i want to improve my spelling.....
some one want to be my friend???	some one want to be my friend???
Please read this important message / Por favor lea este mensaje	Please read this important message / Por favor lea este mensaje
First of all thanks for reading this, I'll try to keep this message short.	First of all thanks for reading this, I'll try to keep this message short.
Last week a huge earthquake hit Chile and several cities were damaged, people lost their lives, and many of  the survivors lost their homes.	Last week a huge earthquake hit Chile and several cities were damaged, people lost their lives, and many of  the survivors lost their homes.
Today Chile's having a campaign (Chile Ayuda a Chile) to reunite money to build houses for the families that lost theirs.	Today Chile's having a campaign (Chile Ayuda a Chile) to reunite money to build houses for the families that lost theirs.
If you can help, even if it's by little, please do it.	If you can help, even if it's by little, please do it.
You can watch the live feed of the event at: http://www.chileayudaachile.cl/	You can watch the live feed of the event at: http://www.chileayudaachile.cl/
Here are the links to help:	Here are the links to help:
YouTube account with video messages from Chilean and international artists:	YouTube account with video messages from Chilean and international artists:
Please, translate this message into your own language or the languages you're learning and write an entry, help us spread it through the world, help us to rebuild Chile.	Please, translate this message into your own language or the languages you're learning and write an entry, help us spread it through the world, help us to rebuild Chile.
Thank You.	Thank You.
Hello	Hello!
Hi my name is yessy I'm interested in learning English.	Hi! My name is Yessy. I'm interested in learning English.
I live in the USA I love the english languaje .	I live in the USA and I love the English language .
Help me	Help me
hi, my name is Rigo.	Hi, my name is Rigo.
and i from Mexico..	And I am from Mexico.
I wolud like to talk with somebody that wants help me  and i help too..	I would like to talk with somebody who wants to help me  and I'll help too..
I wolud like to talk with somebody that wants help me  and i help too..	I would like to talk with somebody that wants to help me, and I will help them too.
i hope your answer please	I would like your answer, please.
Thanks	Thanks
Well to start I would like to express deep gratitude to all persons who have directly participated in the development of this project.	Well to start I would like to express deep gratitude to all persons who have directly participated in the development of this project.
It must also acknowledge the generous collaboration of the ladies of corporate training center of Guayaquil, without whose help it would be impossible to establish the precedent that has been achieved during the development of this subject	It must also acknowledge the generous collaboration of the ladies of corporate training center of Guayaquil, without whose help it would be impossible to establish the precedent that has been achieved during the development of this subject.
Hi	Hi
Best regards	Best regards
This is my first test ot write on english	This is my first test ot write on english
i can do it	i can do it
hello everyone`s 	hello everyone`s 
right now  i start  my english lesson,well i want to get a good guide .	right now  i start  my english lesson,well i want to get a good guide .
and day by day go better	and day by day go better
Cover Letter	Cover Letter
Malaga, 15th November 2009	Malaga, SpainNovember 15, 2009
Dear  Billing Support Department :	Dear  Billing Support Department :
My name is *************  and I’m very interested in the job offer.	My name is *************, and I’m very interested in the job offer.
It wold be a pleassure for me to work for a company who granted me a lot of entartainment.	It would be a pleasure for me to work for a company&nbsp;that granted me a lot of entartainment.
Over the past few years, I have worked for various jobs where I learned about client relationship, both personal and the phone.	Over the past few years, I have worked for various jobs where I learned about client relationship, both person-to-person and on the phone.
As a person, I am highly motivated and extremely well-organized.	As a person, I am highly motivated and extremely well-organized.
I have an outgoing personality and a cheerful disposition, and I believe that these, have made me a competent communicator.	I have an outgoing personality and a cheerful disposition, and I believe that these characteristics have made me&nbsp;more &nbsp;competent communicator.
Consequently, I love working with people and feel I am able to build useful rapport with customers and colleagues alike.	Consequently, I love working with people and feel that&nbsp;I am able to build useful rapport with customers and colleagues alike.
I hope the information provided will prove to be sufficient and adequate.	I hope the information provided will prove to be sufficient and adequate.
Nevertheless, if you need additional information please do not hesitate to contact me.	Nevertheless, if you need additional information please do not hesitate to contact me.
I will be glad to answer any questions you may have.	I will be glad to answer any questions you may have.
I forward to hearing from you.	I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely	Sincerely yours,
******	******
So...I'm here again..	So...I'm here again..
I love this page!	I love this site! 
It was such a great idea to join here..	It was such a great idea to join here..
I would like to start this writing a little about me.	I would like to start by writing a little about myself.
I'm sixteen years old, I live in Santa Cruz, Bolivia (I don't know if you know where is that, but it's in South America) I'm a junior, but by now I have problems about what I'm going to study at college.	I'm sixteen years old, I live in Santa Cruz, Bolivia (I don't know if you know where is that, but it's in South America) I'm a junior, but by now I have problems about what I'm going to study at college.
I really, really love to read, specially books of Stephen King, and the trilogy of Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan, ''Nocturna'' (The title is in spanish, I don't know how is it in english).	I really, really love to read, especially books of Stephen King, and the trilogy of Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan, ''Nocturna'' (The title is in spanish, I don't know how is it in english).
Books are my religion.	Books are my religion.
Please, don't judge me just because I'm just sixteen, I think I'm very intelligent for being a teenager.	Please, don't judge me just because I'm just sixteen, I think I'm very intelligent for being a teenager.
I really would like to help to others with Spanish (I know how to write it well, believe it or not) :) 	I really would like to help to others with Spanish (I know how to write it well, believe it or not) :) 
Thanks for read!	Thanks for reading!
Andreina.	Andreina.
Monday..¿ The best day of the week? I don't think so. 	Monday... The best day of the week? I don't think so. 
Monday!	Monday!
Pff.	Pff.
I don't know why, but monday's mornings I'm always in a bad mood.	I don't know why, but on Monday mornings I'm always in a bad mood.
And it is for many reasons, sometimes I didn't sleep well, I had to do my homework at night, or maybe just sending text messages.	And it is for many reasons, sometimes I didn't sleep well, I had to do my homework at night, or maybe I was just sending text messages.
The first subject of the day it's Philosophy.	The first subject of the day is Philosophy.
I used to like this subject, well, I still like it, but the teacher is so boring!(or it's bored?	I used to like this subject, well, I still like it, but the teacher is so bored! (or is it bored?
I can't remember it, sorry.) Always, always he talks about how lazy and clumsy we are.	I can't remember , sorry.) Always, always he talks about how lazy and clumsy we are.
I wish he could shut up for a few minutes..!	I wish he could shut up for a few minutes..!
I miss my other teacher, she was great.	I miss my other teacher, she was great.
Today was a good day, my English exam was great and I had such an amazing time with my friends...	Today was a good day, my English exam was great and I had such an amazing time with my friends...
I wish classes finished soon!	I wish classes finished soon!
Thanks for reading,	Thanks for reading,
Andreina.	Andreina.
Take a brake! :)	Take a break! :)
Well, I do not like write this, but i have to write it :P i will take a break of my english classes at my institute...	Well, I do not like write this, but I have to write it. :P I will take a break from my english classes at my institute...
I do not wish that!	I do not wish that!
But I'm going to travel with my family so....	But I'm going to travel with my family so....
>.<''' NOOO..!!	>.<''' NOOO..!!
because now I'm in advanced level..	because now I'm at the advanced level..
and that takes a year at less.	and that takes a year at least. ○liist●
I really love learn it!	I really love learning English!
Last year i did not travel because i spend all my vacation at the institute, and my parents do not want to stay here just for me :/ the want travel!!	Last year I did not travel, because I spent all of my vacation at the institute, and my parents do not want to stay here just for me :/ they want to travel!!
But...	But...
It is kind of..	It is kind of..
bittersweet?	"bittersweet"?
I'm a little exciting about the travel..	I'm a little excited about the travel..
so..	so..
thumbs up!	thumbs up!
:)	:)
Bye!	Bye!
andreina	andreina
September!!! :)	September!!! :)
My month!!	It's my month!!
hehe, september is my birthay's month, so that is why I am so ecstatic!	hehe, September is my birthday month, so that is why I am so ecstatic!
Finally...	Finally...
wow!	wow!
the year is like..	the year is like..
¿flying?	flying...
hehe..	hehe..
but, something I hate about this month is that I have a LOT, A LOT of homework.	but, something I hate about this month is that I have a LOT, A LOT of homework..
but classes are ending, so that don't make me sad.	but classes are ending, so that is something that doesn't make me sad.
I think I will write soon, I hope so.	I think I will write soon, I hope so.
Andreina :)	Andreina :)
My best friend's birthday is coming!	My best friend's birthday is coming!
My best friend is Reymi.	My best friend is Reymi.
We have been friends since november of 2010.	We have been friends since november of 2010.
I know that could be a short time to meet a person, but, in this case, it was not like that.	I know that could be a short time to meet a person, but, in this case, it was not like that.
We are not at the same school, so that is a little hard for me, but we are at the CBA, my institute for learn English.	We are not at the same school, so that is a little hard for me, but we are at the CBA, my institute for learn English.
He always gives me good advices, he make me laugh all the time, and I can talk to him about anything.	He always gives me good advices, he make me laugh all the time, and I can talk to him about anything.
His birthday is on september 9th, and I know the perfect gift for him: a Sthephen King's book.	His birthday is on september 9th, and I know the perfect gift for him: a Sthephen King's book.
It is his favorite author, and I know he will love it.	It is his favorite author, and I know he will love it.
This book is going to be something special for me, because he will leave the institute, and I will not see him daily.	This book is going to be something special for me, because he will leave the institute, and I will not see him daily.
I try to not think a lot about that, because it make me feel devastated.	I try to not think a lot about that, because it make me feel devastated.
He is a good friend, and I do not want to lose him.	He is a good friend, and I do not want to lose him.
thanks for reading,	thanks for reading,
Andreina.	Andreina.
I have a scholarship!!! :) 	I have a scholarship!!! :) 
My institute of English, CBA, has just gave me a scholarship!	My institute of English, CBA, has just gave me a scholarship!
I'm ecstatic!	I'm ecstatic!
Those scholarships just are given by the CBA to the best students of each book, so I very happy!	Those scholarships just are given by the CBA to the best students of each book, so I very happy!
I have to study hard to get more scholarships like that...	I have to study hard to get more scholarships like that...
So happy!	So happy!
And by now, I'm fishing my Intermedium book, and I will pass to the next level, more advanced.	And by now, I'm fishing my Intermedium book, and I will pass to the next level, more advanced.
So excited!	So excited!
Andreina :)	Andreina :)
''Expocruz'' Fair..	''Expocruz'' Fair..
It's coming!	It's coming!
That fair is the biggest one here in my city, so, everyone is excited.	That fair is the biggest one here in my city, so, everyone is excited.
Last year I couldn't go, but this year I will go with my friends, I will be so fun!	Last year I couldn't go, but this year I will go with my friends, it will be so fun!
This fair starts at 16th and it ends at 25th I think, so I think I will go at the beggining..	This fair starts on the 16th and it ends on the 25th I think, so I think I will go at the beginning.
because when it ends it is so crowded!!	because when it ends it is so crowded!!
Oh!	Oh!
and this tuesday the school will give me my grades...	and this tuesday the school will give me my grades...
I'm a little nervous...	I'm a little nervous...
a little?	a little?
I'm so nervous!	I'm so nervous!
Andreina.	Andreina.
Welcome to myself..! (:	Welcome to myself..! (:
I'm Andrea, but I like people call me Andreina.	I'm Andrea, but I would like people to call me Andreina.
I'm studying English since the last year, in an institute, CBA.	I've been studying English since last year in an institute, CBA.
Well, there they told me about a great page, Lang-8; they told me that in this page I would find a lot of help for my way I write, and other things too.	Well, there they told me about a great page, Lang-8; they told me that, in this page, I would find a lot of help for the way that I write, and other things too.
So...	So...
here I am!	here I am!
I have never been on this kind of pages on the internet (you know, I just only surf and check my facebook) but, I hope that you people, can help me, see you, and thank you very much for read this.	I have never been on this kind of page on the internet (you know, I just only surf and check my facebook) but, I hope that the people here can help me. See you, and thank you very much for reading this.
Have a nice day,	Have a nice day,
Andreina.	Andreina.
Japanese..I want to learn it now! :(	Japanese..I want to learn it now! :(
How I wish I could learn right now Japanese!	How I wish I could learn right now Japanese!
It is one of my dreams...	It is one of my dreams...
but no..	but no..
my mother said that I needed to learn first English, and the I could learn whatever kind of language I want.	my mother said that I needed to learn first English, and the I could learn whatever kind of language I want.
But..	But..
in my institute said that I had to study English a year more, because recently I will pass from Intermedium English to Advanced English..	in my institute said that I had to study English a year more, because recently I will pass from Intermedium English to Advanced English..
But..	But..
a year??!!	a year??!!
That is a lot!	That is a lot!
I will finish the school for that year, and I will be going to college!	I will finish the school for that year, and I will be going to college!
That is not fair!	That is not fair!
I think I will be busy..	I think I will be busy..
but I really want to learn japanese..	but I really want to learn japanese..
I know how to use chopsticks, my favorite food is Okonomiyaki; and the Dangojiru and miso soup..	I know how to use chopsticks, my favorite food is Okonomiyaki; and the Dangojiru and miso soup..
I wish learned japanese, so I could understand Ayaka's ( 絢香 ) songs too!	I wish learned japanese, so I could understand Ayaka's ( 絢香 ) songs too!
well, it is my dream..	well, it is my dream..
and I want to make it true!	and I want to make it true!
Andreiina.	Andreiina.
All in all you're just another brick in the wall.	All in all you're just another brick in the wall.
I woke up today and the first thing that I though was to listen Pink Floyd, It's a good thing to take energy for a happy day	I woke up today and the first thing that I thought of was to listen to Pink Floyd, It's a good thing to take energy for a happy day
I can't follow the lyrics of the songs to perfection, but I hope one day I can do that =]	I can't follow the lyrics of the songs to perfection, but I hope one day I will be able to do that =]
I have a question about a sentence in a song:	I have a question about a sentence in a song:
Daddy, what'd'ja leave behind for me?!?	Daddy, what'd'ja leave behind for me?!?
why did they say "what'd'ja"?	why did they say "what'd'ja"?
is correct write this contraction on this way?	Is it correct to write this contraction this way?
Live every day as if it were your last and then some day you'll be right.	Live every day as if it were your last and then some day you'll be right.
Doubts	Doubts
Hi,	Hi,
I took a test last Friday and it was kind of hard, specially because there were some words that I couldn't even find in the dictionary.	I took a test last Friday and it was kind of hard, especially because there were some words that I couldn't even find in the dictionary.
Fior instance, I was asked to find the mistake in this sentence:  You shouldn't turn in an opportunity when you get one.	For instance, I was asked to find the mistake in this sentence: You shouldn't turn down an opportunity when you get one.
So I wasn't sure what the mistake is.	So I wasn't sure what the mistake is.
Can you help me???	Can you help me???
ciao	ciao
ciao io sono facundo di argentina e io ho 20 anni	ciao io sono facundo , vengo dall'Argentina e ho 20 anni Puoi anche dire "sono argentino" anziché "vengo dall'Argentina"
io sono stato in italia è un paese bellisimo	io sono stato in italia, è un paese bellissimo
anke me piace la lingua italiana per questo voglio imparare.	Mi piace anche la lingua italiana per questo la voglio imparare.
io posso parale in inglese e spagnolo	io so parlare in inglese e spagnolo
si qualcuno vuole aiuta me dici :)	se qualcuno vuole aiutarmi me lo dica :)
un bacio a tutti	un bacio a tutti
aspetto correzione	aspetto la correzione
baci	baci
What should I do...	What should I do...
What should I do for this journal?	What should I do for this journal?
My computer cant support many japanese, so I used my moms laptop.	My computer cant support many japanese, so I used my moms laptop.
Then again, Im in my computer so i might as well do an English journal.	Then again, Im in my computer so i might as well do an English journal.
hmmmm....	hmmmm....
I cant think of anything..	I cant think of anything..
any ideas for a weekly journal in English?	any ideas for a weekly journal in English?
interes	interes
Hola , quiero saber como se utiliza esto?	Hola , quiero saber como se utiliza esto?
alguien puede ayudarme ?	alguien puede ayudarme ?
Everyone's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)	Everyone's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)
I would want to share with everybody a video that I found in YouTube .	I would want to share with everybody a video that I found in YouTube .
I really like it.	I really like it.
I also searched the lyrics and pasted it bellow.	I also searched the lyrics and pasted it bellow.
Originally, there were some wrong spelling (I realized because a pasted it on MS-Word before pasting it here).	Originally, there were some wrong spelling (I realized because a pasted it on MS-Word before pasting it here).
Any way, it's nice!	Any way, it's nice!
Have a nice weekend!	Have a nice weekend!
★Everyone's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)★	★Everyone's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)★
Ladies and Gentlemen of the class of '99.	Ladies and Gentlemen of the class of '99.
Wear sunscreen.	Wear sunscreen.
If I could offer you one tip for the future, sunscreen	If I could offer you one tip for the future, sunscreen
would be it.	would be it.
The long-term benefits of sunscreen have been proved by	The long-term benefits of sunscreen have been proved by
scientists whereas the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my	scientists whereas the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my
own meandering experience...	own meandering experience...
I will dispense this advice now	I will dispense this advice now
Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth; oh,	Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth; oh,
never mind, you will not	never mind, you will not
understand the power and beauty of your youth until	understand the power and beauty of your youth until
they've faded.	they've faded.
But trust	But trust
me, in 20 years you'll look back at photos of yourself	me, in 20 years you'll look back at photos of yourself
and recall in a way	and recall in a way
you can't grasp now, how much possibility lay before	you can't grasp now, how much possibility lay before
you and how fabulous	you and how fabulous
you really looked.	you really looked.
You are NOT as fat as you imagine.	You are NOT as fat as you imagine.
Don't worry about the future; or worry, but know that	Don't worry about the future; or worry, but know that
worrying is as	worrying is as
effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by	effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by
chewing bubblegum.	chewing bubblegum.
The	The
real troubles in life are apt to be things that never	real troubles in life are apt to be things that never
crossed your worried	crossed your worried
mind; the kind that blindside you at 4pm on some idle	mind; the kind that blindside you at 4pm on some idle
Tuesday	Tuesday
Do one thing everyday that scares you.	Do one thing everyday that scares you.
Sing.	Sing.
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts.	Don't be reckless with other people's hearts.
Don't	Don't
put up with people who	put up with people who
are reckless with your's.	are reckless with your's.
Floss.	Floss.
Don't waste your time on jealousy; sometimes you're	Don't waste your time on jealousy; sometimes you're
ahead, sometimes you're	ahead, sometimes you're
behind.	behind.
The race is long, and in the end, it's only with	The race is long, and in the end, it's only with
yourself.	yourself.
Remember compliments you receive.	Remember compliments you receive.
Forget the	Forget the
insults.	insults.
If you succeed in doing	If you succeed in doing
this, tell me how.	this, tell me how.
Keep your old love letters.	Keep your old love letters.
Throw away your old bank	Throw away your old bank
statements.	statements.
Stretch.	Stretch.
Don't feel guilty if you don't know what you want to do	Don't feel guilty if you don't know what you want to do
with your life.	with your life.
The most interesting people I know didn't know at 22	The most interesting people I know didn't know at 22
what they wanted to do	what they wanted to do
with their lives; some of the most interesting 40 year	with their lives; some of the most interesting 40 year
olds I know still	olds I know still
don't.	don't.
Get plenty of calcium.	Get plenty of calcium.
Be kind to your knees, you'll miss them when they're	Be kind to your knees, you'll miss them when they're
gone.	gone.
Maybe you'll marry, maybe you won't.	Maybe you'll marry, maybe you won't.
Maybe you'll	Maybe you'll
have children, maybe you	have children, maybe you
won't.	won't.
Maybe you'll divorce at 40.	Maybe you'll divorce at 40.
Maybe you'll dance	Maybe you'll dance
the funky chicken on	the funky chicken on
your 75th wedding anniversary.	your 75th wedding anniversary.
Whatever you do,	Whatever you do,
don't congratulate	don't congratulate
yourself too much or berate yourself either - your	yourself too much or berate yourself either - your
choices are half chance,	choices are half chance,
so are everybody else's.	so are everybody else's.
Enjoy your body, use it every way you can...	Enjoy your body, use it every way you can...
don't be	don't be
afraid of it, or what	afraid of it, or what
other people think of it...	other people think of it...
it's the greatest instrument	it's the greatest instrument
you'll ever own.	you'll ever own.
Dance...	Dance...
even if you have nowhere to do it but in	even if you have nowhere to do it but in
your own living room.	your own living room.
Read the directions, even if you don't follow them.	Read the directions, even if you don't follow them.
Do NOT read beauty magazines they will only make	Do NOT read beauty magazines they will only make
you feel UGLY.	you feel UGLY.
CHORUS	CHORUS
Brother and sister together we'll make it through.	Brother and sister together we'll make it through.
Someday your spirit will take you and guide you there.	Someday your spirit will take you and guide you there.
I know you've been hurting, but I've been waiting to be there for you.	I know you've been hurting, but I've been waiting to be there for you.
And I'll be there just helping you out whenever I can.	And I'll be there just helping you out whenever I can.
Get to know your parents, you never know when they	Get to know your parents, you never know when they
might be gone for good.	might be gone for good.
Be nice to your siblings; they're your best link to your	Be nice to your siblings; they're your best link to your
past and the	past and the
people most likely to stick with you in the future	people most likely to stick with you in the future
Understand that friends come and go, but for the	Understand that friends come and go, but for the
precious few you should	precious few you should
hold on.	hold on.
Work hard to bridge the gaps in geography	Work hard to bridge the gaps in geography
and lifestyle because the	and lifestyle because the
older you get, the more you need the people you knew	older you get, the more you need the people you knew
when you were young.	when you were young.
Live in New York City once, but leave before it makes	Live in New York City once, but leave before it makes
you hard.	you hard.
Live in	Live in
Northern California once, but leave before it makes	Northern California once, but leave before it makes
you soft.	you soft.
Travel.	Travel.
Accept certain inalienable truths.	Accept certain inalienable truths.
Prices will rise,	Prices will rise,
Politicians will	Politicians will
philander, you too will get old.	philander, you too will get old.
And when you do, you'll	And when you do, you'll
fantasize that when	fantasize that when
you were young, prices were reasonable, politicians	you were young, prices were reasonable, politicians
were noble, and children	were noble, and children
respected their elders.	respected their elders.
Respect your elders.	Respect your elders.
Don't expect anyone else to support you.	Don't expect anyone else to support you.
Maybe	Maybe
you have a trust fund,	you have a trust fund,
maybe you'll have a wealthy spouse; but you never	maybe you'll have a wealthy spouse; but you never
know when either one might	know when either one might
run out.	run out.
Don't mess too much with your hair, or by the time you're	Don't mess too much with your hair, or by the time you're
40, it will look 85.	40, it will look 85.
Be careful whose advice you buy, but, be patient with	Be careful whose advice you buy, but, be patient with
those who supply it.	those who supply it.
Advice is a form of nostalgia; dispensing it is a way of	Advice is a form of nostalgia; dispensing it is a way of
fishing the past	fishing the past
from the disposal, wiping it off, painting over the ugly	from the disposal, wiping it off, painting over the ugly
parts, and	parts, and
recycling it for more than it's worth.	recycling it for more than it's worth.
But trust me on the sunscreen.	But trust me on the sunscreen.
CHORUS	CHORUS
Everybody's free.	Everybody's free.
Everybody's free.	Everybody's free.
Please.	Please.
Somebody could check my essay?	Could somebody  check my essay?
Thank you very much in advance.	Thank you very much in advance.
Another Car	Another Car
My car is getting pretty old, so I´m thinking about buying a newer car...	My car is getting pretty old, so I´m thinking about buying a newer car...
some friends are telling me to buy a Honda Civic and talk about it as if it was the best car ever, I´ve never had a japanese car, I suppose they gotta be good if so many people preffer them.	some friends are telling me to buy a Honda Civic and talk about it as if it was the best car ever, I´ve never had a japanese car, I suppose they gotta be good if so many people preffer them.
I wonder if they are just being honda civic fanboys though.	I wonder if they are just being honda civic fanboys though.
When the earthquake happened in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico.	When the earthquake happened in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico.
Hace un año tembló en Mexicali donde yo vivo.	Hace un año tembló en Mexicali donde yo vivo.
A year ago, we had an earthquake in Mexicali where I live.	A year ago, we had an earthquake in Mexicali where I live.
Fue de 7.2 no habiamos tenido un temblor tan fuerte en los ultimos 20 años.	Fue de 7.2 no habiamos tenido un temblor tan fuerte en los ultimos 20 años.
We hadn´t had an earthquake that strong in the last 20 years.	We hadn´t had an earthquake that strong in the last 20 years.
Fue interesante para mi y aterrador para la mayoría.	Fue interesante para mi y aterrador para la mayoría.
It was interesting to me but terrifying for most people.	It was interesting to me but terrifying for most people.
Justo cuando me empecé a preocupar dejó de temblar.	Justo cuando me empecé a preocupar dejó de temblar.
When I actually began to worry, the quake stopped.	When I actually began to worry, the quake stopped.
Aunque le hizo algunos daños a la ciudad, la mayoría de las personas perdieron sus televisores solamente.	Aunque le hizo algunos daños a la ciudad, la mayoría de las personas perdieron sus televisores solamente.
Although it did some damage to the city, most people just lost their TVs.	Although it did some damage to the city, most people just lost their TVs.
Pasamos unas horas sin servicios básicos y unos dias consternados pero todo volvió a la normalidad rápidamente.	Pasamos unas horas sin servicios básicos y unos dias consternados pero todo volvió a la normalidad rápidamente.
We spent a few hours without basic services and a few days in dismay but everything went back to normal rapidly.	We spent a few hours without basic services and a few days in dismay but everything went back to normal rapidly.
Hasta la última semana solía pensar que mi madre exageraba con respecto al terremoto que vivimos, pero ahora que he visto lo que pasó en Japón, estoy realmente agradecido de cuan suertudos fuimos.	Hasta la última semana solía pensar que mi madre exageraba con respecto al terremoto que vivimos, pero ahora que he visto lo que pasó en Japón, estoy realmente agradecido de cuan suertudos fuimos.
Up to the last week I used to think my mother made a big deal out of the earthquake we experienced, but now that I´ve seen whats happened in Japan, I really appreciate how lucky we were.	Up until last week I used to think my mother made a big deal out of the earthquake we experienced, but now that I´ve seen what's happened in Japan, I really appreciate how lucky we were.
I´m adding some pictures I got from google.	I´m adding some pictures I got from Google.
There is a Volcano near Mexicali Mexico.	There is a volcano near Mexicali, Mexico.
ENGLISH PRACTICE 1	ENGLISH PRACTICE 1
I just deleted all the stuff I had written, I´ve decided to write an actual personal journal.	I just deleted all the stuff I had written, I´ve decided to write an actual personal journal.
Now, I´m gonna do it in English because, after all English is my second language and the whole point of this web page is be ¨language helped¨ so, I´m sure there will be plenty of stuff for me to improve on, heck lord knows that would probably be the case even if I were to write this in spanish.	Now, I´m gonna do it in English because, after all English is my second language and the whole point of this web page is so, I´m sure there will be plenty of stuff for me to improve on, heck lord knows that would probably be the case even if I were to write this in spanish. "...is to help out with languages so..."
Anyways,  So I´ll get started.	Anyways,  So I´ll get started.
I´m currently 25 years old, and at this point in my life, I have come to realize that most of the stuff I´ve done so far, has happened because I thought I was supposed to do it, and it´s not that I regreat anything, but now I understand why I felt confused and lost after graduating from the university.	I´m currently 25 years old, and at this point in my life, I have come to realize that most of the stuff I´ve done so far, has happened because I thought I was supposed to do it, and it´s not that I regret anything, but now I understand why I felt confused and lost after graduating from university.
After getting my degree, I didn´t automaticaly get a job, in fact I spent several months doing almost nothing (well I´m kinda always working as a freelance illustrator but that´s really just a hobbie), and that kinda depressed me, I felt like such a loser, but I didn´t know what to do, I didn´t want to just get a job, what about my ¨dreams¨ what about the stuff that was supposed to happen, you know, we all go through this at some point, and people tell jokes about it all the time, but damn!, that still dont make it any easier to accept, does it?.	After getting my degree, I didn´t automatically get a job, in fact I spent several months doing almost nothing (well I´m kinda always working as a freelance illustrator but that´s really just a hobby), and that kinda depressed me, I felt like such a loser, but I didn´t know what to do, I didn´t want to just get a job, what about my ¨dreams¨ what about the stuff that was supposed to happen, you know, we all go through this at some point, and people tell jokes about it all the time, but damn!, that still doesn't make it any easier to accept, does it?.
Last year I found a job oportunity as a videogame designer, I did many tests and actually got the job, I felt so happy because I thought I would be doing something close to my dream (after all I HAD studied to be a designer) and to be honest, it felt good to have won the job over many other aplicants.	Last year I found a job opportunity as a videogame designer, I did many tests and actually got the job, I felt so happy because I thought I would be doing something close to my dream (after all I HAD studied to be a designer) and to be honest, it felt good to have got the job over many other applicants.
Unfortunately as months went by, I lost hope on the company, most of their videogames were copy versions of other famous games, and after talking to many coworkers, I realized they would never let me make an original game, they even scolded me once for not copying other games.	Unfortunately as the months went by, I lost hope in the company, most of their videogames were copied versions of other famous games, and after talking to many co-workers, I realized they would never let me make an original game. They even scolded me once for not copying other games.
So since I wasn´t making that much money anyways, I just quit, I mean after all, I wasn´t even working for them directly, but through another company that specializes in hiring people.	So since I wasn´t making that much money anyways, I just quit, I mean after all, I wasn´t even working for them directly, but through another company that specialized in hiring people.
I would´ve ¨lived¨ in that studio for something I believed in, and I almost did some times, but then...	I would´ve ¨lived¨ in that studio for something I believed in, and I almost did sometimes, but then...
well...	well...
I already wrote that.	I already wrote that.
So yeah, right now, I´m fighting to do what I really feel like doing...	So yeah, right now, I´m fighting to do what I really feel like doing...
I always wanted to learn japanese?	I always wanted to learn Japanese?
never did cuz I was led to believe it was too damn hard and there was no point to it since I already spoke english anyways; fuck it I´m learning japanese, I never learned to play the guitar as a teenager; fuck it Im learning to play the guitar; I need to get a job?	never did cuz I was led to believe it was too damn hard and there was no point in it since I already spoke English anyways; fuck it I´m learning Japanese. I never learned to play the guitar as a teenager; fuck it I'm learning to play the guitar; I need to get a job?
I´ll teach  english...	I´ll teach  english...
I´m not good enough?	I´m not good enough?
I´m not really a teacher yet?, fuck it I´ll learn that too.	I´m not really a teacher yet? Fuck it I´ll learn that too.
I never really did a journal; thought it was pointless; who would care about this stuff; fuck it I´m writing it for myself.	I never really did a journal; thought it was pointless; who would care about this stuff; fuck it I´m writing it for myself.
This generation...	This generation...
my generation, doesn´t really seem to know what they want, you grow up watching TV, playing videogames and daydreaming, but sooner or later you have to wake up	my generation, doesn´t really seem to know what they want, you grow up watching TV, playing videogames and daydreaming, but sooner or later you have to wake up.
I try not to whine but, this is kinda what I see around me and sometimes still see in myself...	I try not to whine but, this is kinda what I see around me and sometimes still see in myself...
I don´t think it ever goes away, I believe now that we ought to be always looking for our own paths to walk, to make our own lives the adventure we want to live, and just knowing that is exciting already.	I don´t think it ever goes away, I believe now that we ought to be always looking for our own paths to walk, to make our own lives the adventure we want to live, and just knowing that is exciting already.
From the TV perspective	From the TV perspective
Two and a half men is a very popular tv show, my parents watch it like...	Two and a half men is a very popular tv show, my parents watch it like...
almost everyday haha, they have been watching the show for about a year or so, I never knew it was such a global phenomenon until now that the big news that the show´s been canceled is all over the place, heck I just watched a movie called Due Date (or something) and that show is featured in it.	almost everyday haha, they have been watching the show for about a year or so, I never knew it was such a global phenomenon until now that the big news that the show´s been canceled is all over the place, heck I just watched a movie called Due Date (or something) and that show is featured in it.
I like Two and a half men, sometimes I watch it and it does make me laugh, but like most american shows I´ve enjoyed, I don´t ever really get hooked to them, not like japanese anime shows, which are more like mexican soap operas+kung fu with one big story arch that encompases ten or twenty episodes, I wonder which formula is actually more evil hahaha, I´ve been watching anime since I was like 4, and I would always get so hooked to their stories and characters.	I like Two and a half men, sometimes I watch it and it does make me laugh, but like most american shows I´ve enjoyed, I don´t ever really get hooked to them, not like japanese anime shows, which are more like mexican soap operas+kung fu with one big story arch that encompases ten or twenty episodes, I wonder which formula is actually more evil hahaha, I´ve been watching anime since I was like 4, and I would always get so hooked to their stories and characters.
Now, I used to be a hardcore gamer (now I´m casual...	Now, I used to be a hardcore gamer (now I´m casual...
that´s what they all say I know), and I also wonder why the Japanese never do First Person Shooter videogames or even RTS (real time strategy) games, and why Americans rarely do RPG games, well actually they make them more frequently now but it´s usually in the form of a First Person Shooter/RTS game!	that´s what they all say I know), and I also wonder why the Japanese never do First Person Shooter videogames or even RTS (real time strategy) games, and why Americans rarely do RPG games, well actually they make them more frequently now but it´s usually in the form of a First Person Shooter/RTS game!
haha.	haha.
Anyways there´s a point to this haha, pretty much, I notice that the japanese tend to have more solid ideals or methods that reject change while americans tend to be more flexible with their philosophies, I mean that´s kind of what I´ve been noticing, and at least those differences show a lot in their pop culture.	Anyways there´s a point to this haha, pretty much, I notice that the japanese tend to have more solid ideals or methods that reject change while americans tend to be more flexible with their philosophies, I mean that´s kind of what I´ve been noticing, and at least those differences show a lot in their pop culture.
Of course the USA is a melting pot of cultures while Japan is pretty much unicultural.	Of course the USA is a melting pot of cultures while Japan is pretty much unicultural.
In Mexico, I think people from the south are a little bit more like the Japanese, more formal, more traditional, they probably even have a more powerful sense of pride in being Mexican(or whatever they are/do), while in the North we are more informal, we speak kinda rude sometimes, yell a lot more, we speak our mind more, we expect others to speak their minds, we rarely wear suits in our jobs, haha etc.	In Mexico, I think people from the south are a little bit more like the Japanese, more formal, more traditional, they probably even have a more powerful sense of pride in being Mexican(or whatever they are/do), while in the North we are more informal, we speak kinda rude sometimes, yell a lot more, we speak our mind more, we expect others to speak their minds, we rarely wear suits in our jobs, haha etc.
Of course when you travel you learn things might not be as stereotipical but I assume that as time goes by, and the world becomes a more global society, new, maybe more organic forms of behavior will develope.	Of course when you travel you learn things might not be as stereotipical but I assume that as time goes by, and the world becomes a more global society, new, maybe more organic forms of behavior will develope.
I might not know much about the world yet but, I´m pretty sure thats already happening.	I might not know much about the world yet but, I´m pretty sure thats already happening.
ANIME in my LIFE	ANIME in my LIFE
There are many things I like to do, but one particular hobby and sometimes part time job of mine is to draw, I remember drawing since I was four years old, I was a fan of a show called G Force or Gatchaman in Japan, that´s the first anime show I can remember ever watching, then when I was six or seven I´d watch Iron 28 (Tetsujin 28) I loved that show, Then came along Saint Seiya, and every kid would watch that, it was a phenomenon but the actual figurines/toys were very expensive so I only had a few (I was particularly fond of Greek mythology since my grandad used to tell me the stories).	There are many things I like to do, but one particular hobby and sometimes part time job of mine is to draw, I remember drawing since I was four years old, I was a fan of a show called G Force or Gatchaman in Japan, that´s the first anime show I can remember ever watching, then when I was six or seven I´d watch Iron 28 (Tetsujin 28) I loved that show, Then came along Saint Seiya, and every kid would watch that, it was a phenomenon but the actual figurines/toys were very expensive so I only had a few (I was particularly fond of Greek mythology since my grandad used to tell me the stories).
Man I was so god damn addicted to Saint Seiya!!!, then a friend of mine was watching a show called Dragon Ball, and I hadn´t payed attention to it because it was the story of a kid and I was already watching epic battles in Saint Seiya, nevertheless Dragon Ball got us all hooked as the kung fu tournaments began to take place in the series and soon enough we all began to forget about ¨EL METEORO DE LA ESTRELLA DE PEGASO¨!!!...	Man I was so god damn addicted to Saint Seiya!!!, then a friend of mine was watching a show called Dragon Ball, and I hadn´t payed attention to it because it was the story of a kid and I was already watching epic battles in Saint Seiya, nevertheless Dragon Ball got us all hooked as the kung fu tournaments began to take place in the series and soon enough we all began to forget about ¨EL METEORO DE LA ESTRELLA DE PEGASO¨!!!...
sigh now that I look back at saint seiya, it was such a repetitive show haha they´d always use the same rutines and story arch formulas.	sigh now that I look back at saint seiya, it was such a repetitive show haha they´d always use the same rutines and story arch formulas.
So yeah, by the time Dragon Ball Z began to air in Mexico it was already 1997, and I was in Junior High, everybody watched the show, like every kid, otaku kid or not we would watch the show, many even recorded it, I remember my TV broke and I couldnt use the one in the living room, and I had to hit it to make it work haha poor tv.	So yeah, by the time Dragon Ball Z began to air in Mexico it was already 1997, and I was in Junior High, everybody watched the show, like every kid, otaku kid or not we would watch the show, many even recorded it, I remember my TV broke and I couldnt use the one in the living room, and I had to hit it to make it work haha poor tv.
So thats when I was drawing all the time, I was one of the kids who were famous for his drawings skills, and we werent that many, maybe five kids in the whole school could copy like I could, at least 5 kids my age...	So thats when I was drawing all the time, I was one of the kids who were famous for his drawings skills, and we werent that many, maybe five kids in the whole school could copy like I could, at least 5 kids my age...
and yes we would only copy...	and yes we would only copy...
kinda lame I think.	kinda lame I think.
A couple years later a ¨drawings¨ rival friend I had, lost my copied drawings I was so proud of (they were many, like 40 drawings) or so he said, and I thought I´m never copying again and ever since I´ve only drawn my own characters, well I guess we all copy to a certain degree, there´s no such thing as originality, after all we are all composite human beings.	A couple years later a ¨drawings¨ rival friend I had, lost my copied drawings I was so proud of (they were many, like 40 drawings) or so he said, and I thought I´m never copying again and ever since I´ve only drawn my own characters, well I guess we all copy to a certain degree, there´s no such thing as originality, after all we are all composite human beings.
So well, I kinda became an Otaku in high school, I mean Id watch anime that wasnt necesarily being aired on standard TV like Evangelion and Rurouni Kenshin which became two of my all time favourite shows.	So well, I kinda became an Otaku in high school, I mean Id watch anime that wasnt necesarily being aired on standard TV like Evangelion and Rurouni Kenshin which became two of my all time favourite shows.
At that time I was already writing a lot too and a few friends and I would get toghether to make up stories and characters, it was fun.	At that time I was already writing a lot too and a few friends and I would get toghether to make up stories and characters, it was fun.
To be honest I never really got along very well with other otakus, I was more of an artist than a fan, I never actually admired other artists since I always thought I could do what they were doing, but even better do it my own way, I think other otakus saw that as arrogance, but those were my honest feelings and I wasn´t being a prick to anybody...	To be honest I never really got along very well with other otakus, I was more of an artist than a fan, I never actually admired other artists since I always thought I could do what they were doing, but even better do it my own way, I think other otakus saw that as arrogance, but those were my honest feelings and I wasn´t being a prick to anybody...
I still feel the same way, it´s like music, I´ve never been able to say, this or that artist is the best I identify myself with him/her the most, i´ve never been able to do that, there´s always something I like and something I don´t.	I still feel the same way, it´s like music, I´ve never been able to say, this or that artist is the best I identify myself with him/her the most, i´ve never been able to do that, there´s always something I like and something I don´t.
So yeah, here´s another page for my journal, I have also read some mangas, but mostly for research, since manga is not realy popular or mainstream in Mexico.	So yeah, here´s another page for my journal, I have also read some mangas, but mostly for research, since manga is not realy popular or mainstream in Mexico.
I´m sure its got many mistakes :P I´m throwing a few manga pages I´ve done for the record.	I´m sure its got many mistakes :P I´m throwing a few manga pages I´ve done for the record.
Presentation	Presentation
Hello everybody,	Hello everybody,
I'm from Spain and I'm improving my english because I think it's really important for traveling and finding jobs.	I'm from Spain and I'm trying to improve my English because I think it's really important for traveling and finding jobs.
In general, spanish people have english problems, and yes...	In general, Spanish people have problems communicating in English, and yes...
I'm one of those.	I'm one of those.
I have heard good things about Lang-8, so I'm going to try it!	I have heard good things about Lang-8, so I'm going to try it!
Best,	All the best,
jlg	jlg
Interesting webs	Interesting websites
I'd like to recommend two webs that I visit everyday.	I'd like to recommend two websites that I visit everyday.
I'd like to recommend two webs that I visit everyday.	I'd like to recommend two websites that I visit everyday.
Both are spanish webs.	Both are Spanish websites.
Both are spanish webs.	Both are spanish websites.
The first one is a science blog.	The first one is a science blog.
It's called "Microsiervos".	It's called "Microsiervos".
The authors write about news related with NASA, Computers, CERN and many other interesting stuff.	The authors write about news related with NASA, Computers, CERN and about many other interesting topics .
The authors write about news related with NASA, Computers, CERN and many other interesting stuff.	The authors write about news related to NASA, computers, CERN and many other interesting things.
Sometimes they add good quotes of famous scientists.	Sometimes they add good quotes from famous scientists.
The last one is from George Bernard Shaw.	The latest one is from George Bernard Shaw.
It says something like "Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society.	It says something like, "Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society.
The optimist person invent the plane.	An optimist invented the plane.
The optimist person invent the plane.	An optimist invented the plane.
The pessimist one invent the parachute."	While, a pessimist invented the parachute."
The pessimist one invent the parachute."	A pessimist invented the parachute."
The other web I'd like to talk about is "Meneamé", which could be translated as "Shake me".	The other website I'd like to talk about is "Meneamé", which could be translated as "Shake me".
The other web I'd like to talk about is "Meneamé", which could be translated as "Shake me".	The other website I'd like to talk about is "Meneamé", which could be translated as "Shake me".
It contains national and international news.	It contains national and international news.
The main difference between this web and other news webs is that here, people can grade them with "Shakes".	The main difference between this website and other news websites is that here, people can grade the stories on them with "Shakes".
The main difference between this web and other news webs is that here, people can grade them with "Shakes".	The main difference between this website and other news websites is that here, people can grade the news items with "Shakes".
So, there is a rank with the best news.	So, the stories are ranked, with the best news at the top.
So, there is a rank with the best news.	So, there is a rank which tells you which news items are the best.
It's a kind of politic neutrality, I guess.	It's a kind of political neutrality, I guess.
To mean uses	To mean uses
I have a doubt with the following sentences, are they correctly written?	I have a doubt with the following sentences, are they correctly written?
1)What does it mean?	1)What does it mean?
2)What does it means?	2)What does it mean?
3)Do you know what extinct animal mean?	3)Do you know what it means for an animal to be extinct?
4)Do you know what extinct animal means?	4)Do you know what extinct animal means?
That's it :S	That's it :S
I think that the second one is wrong and the fourth one is also wrong...	I think that the second one is wrong and the fourth one is also wrong...
Thank you for helping me :D!!	Thank you for helping me :D!!
Tonguetwisters!	Tonguetwisters!
Tonguetwisters are a very good way to get fluency when learning a language, you can also improve your pronunciation and the best of all is that tonguetwisters are funny!	Tonguetwisters are a very good way to get fluency when learning a language, you can also improve your pronunciation and the best of all is that tonguetwisters are funny!
haha	haha
So, for all my friends that are learning Spanish I've brought you classic tonguetwisters, I hope you have fun trying to say them!	So, for all my friends that are learning Spanish I've brought you classic tonguetwisters, I hope you have fun trying to say them!
Hahaha, I hope you like them and tell me what level you reached!	Hahaha, I hope you like them and tell me what level you reached!
Keroro Gunso!	Keroro Gunso!
Well I decided to write something, so I'm going to tell you something about my favorite cartoon "Keroro Gunsou".	I decided to write something, so I'm going to tell you something about my favorite cartoon "Keroro Gunsou".
Well, the story is about aliens that come to conquer our planet (the earth!), but their plans always fail, they are so funny, I always laught when I am watching the computer and see the episodes.	Well, the story is about aliens who come to conquer our planet (the earth!), but their plans always fail. They are so funny. I always laugh when I watch the episodes on the computer.
The main characters of the serie are Keroro, that is very childish and selfish and always try to make laugh people, but he is a very bad comedian, then we have Giroro, he is always thinking on the invasion and he's a military man, the third character is Tamama, he's a toadpole, so his sex is not defined, he is bipolar and he like sweets, the fourth member of the platoon is Kururu, he is a mad scientist, he likes bothering people and he's a pervert, and finally we have Dororo, he's an econinja, he came to conquer the planet, but when he saw the beauty of it, he decided to save it, he is always forgotten by the platoon, poor Dororo ahahah.	There are five main characters in the series. Keroro is very childish and selfish and always tries to make people laugh, but he is a very bad comedian. Then we have Giroro; he's always thinking about the invasion because he's a military man. The third character is Tamama- he's a tadpole, so his sex is not defined. He is bipolar and he likes sweets. The fourth member of the platoon is Kururu. He is a mad scientist, and he likes bothering people. He's a pervert. Finally we have Dororo, an econinja. He came to conquer the planet, but when he saw the beauty of it, he decided to save it. He is always forgotten by the platoon. Poor Dororo ahahah!
Well that's all, I know that I have many mistakes, so I you could, help me please ^^.	Well, that's all. I know that I have many mistakes, so if you could, would help me please ^^?
Thank you!	Thank you!
A Letter	A Letter
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
I just have a question	I just have a question:
how do you say TO and FROM in japanese?	How do you say TO and FROM in Japanese
when you write a letter?	when you write a letter?
or when you give a gift?	Or when you give a gift?
I know that HE means to, for example: Mario he	I know that HE means to, for example: Mario he
but from?	but from?
That's my question :/ I hope you can answer soon :(	That's my question :/ I hope you can answer soon :(
greetingS!	greetingS!
A sentence in Japanese.	A sentence in Japanese.
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
Could you help me to complete this sentence and correct it if it is necessary:	Could you help me complete this sentence and correct it if necessary:
What I want to say is: People is like the deep sea.	What I want to say is: People are like the deep sea.
We can see their surface, but it is not clear enough to see what is deep in their heart.	We can see their surfaces, but it is not clear enough to see what is deep inside their hearts.
Thank you!	Thank you!
Welcome 	Welcome 
Hi!	Hi!
my name is Francisca and i'm study english in my school and another institute.	My name is Francisca and I'm studying English at my school and at another institute.
I'd like to learn more english for this page because i really like this language.	I'd like to learn more English for this page because I really like this language.
I hope you correct me if it's necesary.	I hope you correct me if it's necessary.
Thanks everyone.	Thanks, everyone.
Bye!	Bye!
Guerras Mentales	Guerras Mentales
Good morning, it is my first journal entry, but from now on I will try to write something difference in japanese.	Good morning, this is my first journal entry, but from now on I will try to write something different in Japanese.
My japanese is really simple, so I hope someone can help me out to correct my japanese.	My Japanese is really limited, so I hope someone can help me correctit.
I supposed to be on the intermedium level this semester, so please help me out to pass the class with a decent great.	I was supposed to take the intermediate level this semester, so please help me pass the class with a decent grade.
Arigatoo Gozaimasu	Arigatoo Gozaimasu
Hard	Hard
The school started today.	School started today.
I took japanese 211 I thinks and it looks really hard, so I hope I can get help from you from these point, I will post some of my work projects as presentations and homework since my instructor gives homework every day, so I hope all of you can help me.	I took japanese 211 I think and it looks really hard, so I hope I can get help from you at this point. I will post some of my work projects as presentations and homework since my instructor gives homework every day. I hope all of you can help me.
I took japanese 211 I thinks and it looks really hard, so I hope I can get help from you from these point, I will post some of my work projects as presentations and homework since my instructor gives homework every day, so I hope all of you can help me.	I took Japanese 211 and it looked really hard. I hope I can get help from you from now on . I will post some of my projects, presentations, and homework here since my instructor gives homework every day, so I hope all of you can help me.
Sincerely 	Sincerely,
Samu	Samu
CHRISTMAS GIFT	CHRISTMAS GIFT
Hello as I said in the afternoon here I bring the photos to purchase gift	Hello, As I said this afternoon, here I bring the photos of the gifts I purchased. 
was a set of victoria secret`s perfume and body lotion	They were a set of victoria secret`s perfume and body lotion
wanted to buy a set of scarf, gloves and hat from Calvin Klein but I do not like is not a good gift	I wanted to buy a set of scarf, gloves and hat from Calvin Klein but I do not think that it is a good gift. 
Poem	Poem
Hope you like this poem I wrote	Hope you like this poem I wrote
I leave the translation into Spanish and I hope I can help correct my English	I leave the Spanish translation and I hope you can help correct my English
I have a attitude fromthe five years old, my mother created me with face mask and scolding	I have had an attitude since I was five years old, my mother created me with a face mask and a scolding
From tiny Canito with black hair I'm the black sheep of the entire herd.	From tiny Canito, with black hair, I'm the black sheep of the entire herd. commas are optional, though in my opinion they make it easier to read
And I grew little by little, jumping from ropes, knocking all	And I grew little by little, jumping from ropes, knocking all
And although almost killed myself never saw me crying and throwing up mucus.	And although I almost killed myself, you never saw me crying and throwing up mucus.
Always perfumed and well peinadito to 'find me a bride with a beautiful name:	Always perfumed and well peinadito to 'find me a bride with a beautiful name:
Elizabeth ...	Elizabeth ...
my first love,the Witch married Sun rain	my first love,the Witch married Sun rain
I do not fight for a paved area or per square meter, or by a golden dream ...	I do not fight for a paved area or per square meter, or for a golden dream ...
I fight for a plate of steak and onions,	I fight for a plate of steak and onions,
On my mother's smile is worth a million	For my mother's smile is worth a million
I fight for my grandmother in her rocking chair	I fight for my grandmother in her rocking chair
Fight for a child's smile .	Fight for a child's smile .
Hello friends	Hello friends
Here again I bring you some anime that fascinates me	Here again I bring you some anime that fascinates me
are two series that are extremely out of the ordinary	are two series that are extremely out of the ordinary
One is Excel Saga and the other s Furi Kuri	One is Excel Saga and the other s Furi Kuri
the stars are the most interesting women I've seen in anime	the stars are the most interesting women I've seen in anime
two women excel as it is beautiful	two women excel as it is beautiful
Excel: is the hyperactive protagonist of the series, who always performs his work with more heart than head.	Excel: is the hyperactive protagonist of the series, who always performs his work with more heart than head.
Its mission is to promote the conquest of the city from ACROSS, but his personal desire is to win the affection and confidence of Ilpalazzo.	Its mission is to promote the conquest of the city from ACROSS, but his personal desire is to win the affection and confidence of Ilpalazzo.
Despite being the oldest official, she is often out of context	Despite being the oldest official, she is often out of context
Hyatt: Woman hired as a second agent for Ilpalazzo.	Hyatt: Woman hired as a second agent for Ilpalazzo.
Very wise and fragile, has a habit of dying and reviving both a fast and impossible.	Very wise and fragile, has a habit of dying and reviving both a fast and impossible.
Despite this limitation, it becomes the agent Ilpalazzo favorite, but Hyatt is shown unaware of his condition, does not give much help to Excel for his disease and the link between leader and follower.	Despite this limitation, it becomes the agent Ilpalazzo favorite, but Hyatt is shown unaware of his condition, does not give much help to Excel for his disease and the link between leader and follower.
In the series of FL CL is one of the most interesting women in anime	In the series of FL CL is one of the most interesting women in anime
Voiced by: Mayumi Shintani (Japanese)	Voiced by: Mayumi Shintani (Japanese)
Mabase's newest resident, an extraterrestrial investigator for the Galactic Space Police Brotherhood.	Mabase's newest resident, an extraterrestrial investigator for the Galactic Space Police Brotherhood.
She becomes the Nandaba household maid while working to find Atomsk, the most powerful space pirate in the galaxy.	She becomes the Nandaba household maid while working to find Atomsk, the most powerful space pirate in the galaxy.
She uses her bass guitar to create an N.	She uses her bass guitar to create an N.
O.	O.
portal in Naota's head, through which various objects periodically appear, including Medical Mechanica robots and Naota's guitar, among others.	portal in Naota's head, through which various objects periodically appear, including Medical Mechanica robots and Naota's guitar, among others.
Believing the World to be corrupt, the secret organization Across plans to conquer the world.	Believing the World to be corrupt, the secret organization Across plans to conquer the world.
The first step in the plan for world domination is to begin by focusing on one city in order to minimize setbacks.	The first step in the plan for world domination is to begin by focusing on one city in order to minimize setbacks.
Across consists of the leader of the organization, Il Palazzo, and officers Excel and Hyatt.	Across consists of the leader of the organization, Il Palazzo, and officers Excel and Hyatt.
Excel and Hyatt live in an apartment building in the city, along with their pet dog Menchi, who is also their emergency food supply, and are later joined by Elgala, another Across officer.	Excel and Hyatt live in an apartment building in the city, along with their pet dog Menchi, who is also their emergency food supply, and are later joined by Elgala, another Across officer.
Living in the same apartment building are three friends Iwata, Sumiyoshi and Watanabe, along with co-worker Matsuya, and later Ropponmatsu, who work for the Department of City Security under Dr Kabapu.	Living in the same apartment building are three friends Iwata, Sumiyoshi and Watanabe, along with co-worker Matsuya, and later Ropponmatsu, who work for the Department of City Security under Dr Kabapu.
Eventually the members of Across begin making appeals directly to the City's citizens before Il Palazzo publicly declares the existence of Across and its intentions to the public.	Eventually the members of Across begin making appeals directly to the City's citizens before Il Palazzo publicly declares the existence of Across and its intentions to the public.
Hyatt is captured and Excel and Elgala are later held in an immigrant detention center before being rescued by Il Palazzo, who begins the new phase of his plans.	Hyatt is captured and Excel and Elgala are later held in an immigrant detention center before being rescued by Il Palazzo, who begins the new phase of his plans.
FLCL revolves around Naota.	FLCL revolves around Naota.
His life is interrupted by the arrival of Haruko Haruhara, who bursts on the scene by running Naota over with her Vespa scooter, then giving him CPR and hitting him on the head with a blue vintage Rickenbacker 4001 left-handed electric bass guitar.	His life is interrupted by the arrival of Haruko Haruhara, who bursts on the scene by running Naota over with her Vespa scooter, then giving him CPR and hitting him on the head with a blue vintage Rickenbacker 4001 left-handed electric bass guitar.
Later, Naota is shocked to find Haruko working in his house as a live-in maid.	Later, Naota is shocked to find Haruko working in his house as a live-in maid.
Since then, Giant Robots from Medical Mechanica have been coming out of Naota's head and cause more problems for Naota and Haruko.	Since then, Giant Robots from Medical Mechanica have been coming out of Naota's head and cause more problems for Naota and Haruko.
Haruko is using Naota for her search for the Pirate King, Atomsk, which puts her at odds with Medical Mechanica, the monolithic industrial corporation.	Haruko is using Naota for her search for the Pirate King, Atomsk, which puts her at odds with Medical Mechanica, the monolithic industrial corporation.
At the same time, Naota is being watched by Commander Amarao, who believes that Medical Mechanica is out to conquer the galaxy.	At the same time, Naota is being watched by Commander Amarao, who believes that Medical Mechanica is out to conquer the galaxy.
The combination of circumstances gets Naota involved in a three-way battle between Haruko, Amarao and Medical Mechanica.	The combination of circumstances gets Naota involved in a three-way battle between Haruko, Amarao and Medical Mechanica.
The underlying theme is Naota's coming of age as he becomes more mature and learns to express his feelings.	The underlying theme is Naota's coming of age as he becomes more mature and learns to express his feelings.
Hi	Hi
Hi all I stand with my first contribution to ok	Hi all this is my first contribution ok
I profecional wrestler	I am a professional wrestler
I live in mexico	I live in mexico
I'm single	I'm single
I have 26 years	I am 26 years old
I love Japanese culture	I love Japanese culture
I like the exercise	I like to exercise
I like basketball	I like basketball
I love to dance	I love to dance
and I like making friends	and I like making friends
Deadpool’s Poem	Deadpool’s Poem
I had to write a 40-line poem for my College English 101 Course, and I decided to write mine as if written from Deadpool's perspective.	I had to write a 40-line poem for my College English 101 Course, and I decided to write mine as if written from Deadpool's perspective.
I hope you enjoy it.	I hope you enjoy it.
Comments and positive criticism are most welcomed, of course.	Comments and positive criticism are most welcomed, of course.
I had to perform it before my peers and professor, so I read it in my Deadpool voice.	I had to perform it before my peers and professor, so I read it in my Deadpool voice.
I got many laughs, needless to say; it was Deadpool, after all.	I got many laughs, needless to say; it was Deadpool, after all.
Deadpool’s Poem	Deadpool’s Poem
First, allow me to dedicate this poem to Bea Arthur.	First, allow me to dedicate this poem to Bea Arthur.
The world won’t be the same without her.	The world won’t be the same without her.
Now, enough about Bea,	Now, enough about Bea,
Let’s talk about me.	Let’s talk about me.
Wade Wilson’s my real name,	Wade Wilson’s my real name,
Being a merc (That’s mercenary for short, kiddies) is my game.	Being a merc (That’s mercenary for short, kiddies) is my game.
I was dying of cancer,	I was dying of cancer,
So I thought joining Weapon X was my answer.	So I thought joining Weapon X was my answer.
Oh, they cured me alright,	Oh, they cured me alright,
But now I’m so ugly, I gotta wear a mask all day and all night!	But now I’m so ugly, I gotta wear a mask all day and all night!
Some people think I’m Spider-Man when they first see me in costume,	Some people think I’m Spider-Man when they first see me in costume,
Or so they like to assume.	Or so they like to assume.
As if I would sell my marriage with the red hot supermodel to the devil!	As if I would sell my marriage with the red hot supermodel to the devil!
While I may be crazy, I assure you that in that regard, I’m quite on the level.	While I may be crazy, I assure you that in that regard, I’m quite on the level.
I’ve made a few friends over the years like Blind Al, Weasel, Bob, and Cable,	I’ve made a few friends over the years like Blind Al, Weasel, Bob, and Cable,
Who all can’t stand when I put my feet up on the table.	Who all can’t stand when I put my feet up on the table.
I’m also quite the ladies man, too.	I’m also quite the ladies man, too.
Syrin, Copy Cat, Death, Typhoid Mary, and Big Bertha are just a few.	Syrin, Copy Cat, Death, Typhoid Mary, and Big Bertha are just a few.
For those of you wondering just who I yam,	For those of you wondering just who I yam,
I’m a comic book character, that’s what I yam!	I’m a comic book character, that’s what I yam!
Oh, and I was in the Wolverine movie,	Oh, and I was in the Wolverine movie,
Which clearly wasn’t all that groovy.	Which clearly wasn’t all that groovy.
The minute that they decided to sew up my mouth,	The minute that they decided to sew up my mouth,
Is when that movie went south.	Is when that movie went south.
But never fear,	But never fear,
Ryan Reynolds the actor is here.	Ryan Reynolds the actor is here.
He claims he wants to do my solo movie just right,	He claims he wants to do my solo movie just right,
So as to not cause a fan boy fight.	So as to not cause a fan boy fight.
I and fan boys everywhere swear that if his Green Lantern movie gets in the way	I and fan boys everywhere swear that if his Green Lantern movie gets in the way,
By God, he shall pay!	By God, he shall pay!
Just how do I know all of this if I’m in a comic book, anyway?	Just how do I know all of this if I’m in a comic book, anyway?
Well, boys and girls, I break the fourth wall each and everyday.	Well, boys and girls, I break the fourth wall each and everyday.
I’m so popular, I have 3 monthly comic books.	I’m so popular, I have 3 monthly comic books.
You should see how jealous Captain America looks.	You should see how jealous Captain America looks.
I recently had my 900th issue,	I recently had my 900th issue,
Quick, somebody please pass the tissues.	Quick, somebody please pass the tissues.
I’ve also been in a few videogames.	I’ve also been in a few videogames.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance and X-Men Legends 2 are just a few of the names.	Marvel Ultimate Alliance and X-Men Legends 2 are just a few of the names.
Well, it’s time for me to go.	Well, it’s time for me to go.
I gots a whole lotta people to kill and gotta collect me some dough.	I gots a whole lotta people to kill and gotta collect me some dough.
Merry Christmas to you all	Merry Christmas to you all
Hi first of all I wish you a Merry Christmas to you all	Hi. First, I wish you all a Merry Christmas. Sounds awkward to say "all" twice
Everything is ready for dinner today	Everything is ready for dinner today
although I need to buy a Christmas Jojojojo	although I need to buy a Christmas Jojojojo ????
later I hope to upload a photo of the gift that I will buy finishing up my diar	Later I hope to upload a photo of the gift that I will buy after finishing my diary.
so see you later bye and I hope all are doing well......	so see you later bye and I hope y'all are doing well......
About Lucha Libre	About Lucha Libre
Lucha Libre has been an unstoppable phenomenon in Mèxico	Lucha Libre has been an unstoppable phenomenon in Mèxico
for over 75 years.	for over 75 years.
Loved by fans of all ages this was a mini introduction on Lucha Libre 	Loved by fans of all ages this was a mini introduction on Lucha Libre 
Now I will comment on a Luchador I admire	Now I will comment on a Luchador I admire
Name Lizmark jr.	Name Lizmark jr.
Height 6`2	Height 6`2
Weight: 26O.	Weight: 26O.
LBS	LBS
Finishing move:Lizmark Bomb 	Finishing move:Lizmark Bomb 
Lizmark jr.	Lizmark jr.
is a spiteful and nasty individual.	is a spiteful and nasty individual.
A heartless veteran with a thirst for money and fame, make him an unstoppable force.	A heartless veteran with a thirst for money and fame, make him an unstoppable force.
fact.	fact.
Figthing as a RUDO ,Lizmark jr.	Figthing as a RUDO ,Lizmark jr.
is the son of Lizmark, a Lucha legend.	is the son of Lizmark, a Lucha legend.
He is a leader ofthe Treachery faction.	He is a leader ofthe Treachery faction.
25 DECEMBER	25 DECEMBER
Hi everyone hope you have passed the great time in the company of loved ones	Hi everyone, Hope you had a great time with the company of loved ones
this day December 25	Today was 25 December
this day December 25	Today is December 25
I went to Tepoztlan	I went to Tepoztlan
is a very nice little town where pudes do different activities	It is a very nice small town where you can do different activities
went up a hill called tepozteco where a top is a ruin of a pyramid	and I went up to a hill called Tepozteco where at the top is a ruin of a pyramid
went up a hill called tepozteco where a top is a ruin of a pyramid	I went up a hill called Tepozteco where there is a ruin of a pyramid at the top.
there is also an ecological reserve where badgers (tejones)	There is also an ecological reserve where badgers (tejones) inhabit. 
I have some photos here ok bye	I have some photos here to share with everyone. ok bye
One day of work	One day of work
I like my job, because every day I have oportunity to help people, I work in insurance medical.	I like my job, because every day I have the opportunity to help people. I work in medical insurance.
I like my job, because every day I have oportunity to help people, I work in insurance medical.	I like my job because every day I have the opportunity to help people. I work in medical insurance.
When people lost job, usually lost insurance medical that received of the company o job were working.	When people lose their jobs, they usually lose their health insurance that they received from the company they were working for.
When people lost job, usually lost insurance medical that received of the company o job were working.	When people lose their job they usually lose medical insurance they were receiving from the company or job where they were working.
I work with insurance medical free, if the people income is low, they can qualificate for insurance free.	I work with free medical insurance. If a person's income is low, they can qualify for free insurance.
I work with insurance medical free, if the people income is low, they can qualificate for insurance free.	I work with free medical insurance. If a person's income is low, they can qualify for free insurance.
It include medical prescrptions, dental, vision and emergency room.	It includes medical prescriptions, dental, vision and emergency room visits.
It include medical prescrptions, dental, vision and emergency room.	It includes coverage for medical prescriptions, dental, vision and emergency care.
hi!	hi!
I´m a mexican girl that studies interpreting and translation at collage, I wanna know more about the spelling and grammar so I can correct my mistakes.	I´m a mexican girl that studies interpreting and translation at college. I wanna know more about spelling and grammar so I can correct my mistakes.
My favorite color is purple and I love history and archeology.	My favorite color is purple and I love history and archeology.
I wanna travel around the world and know as many cultures as I could.	I want to travel around the world and study as many cultures as I can.
I hope you can help me!	I hope you can help me!
:)	:)
these days i coudnt write any new entry because my japanese friends were here visiting, i will write a new entry telling you all what we did these days ok?	these days i coudnt write any new entry because my japanese friends were here visiting, i will write a new entry telling you all what we did these days ok?
i hope you can wait a little more and sorry for not writing, mata nee	i hope you can wait a little more and sorry for not writing, mata nee
My Hero 	My Hero 
in this moment I´ll tolk about my neighbor, he`s Erick, he`s 40 years old and he live whit his wife, I think, he is a hero, but maby you`re asking 	Today I´ll write about my neighbor. His name is Erick, he`s 40 years old and lives whit his wife. I think he is a hero, but maybe you`re asking yourself why?
yourself why?.	?.
ok, Erick is a hero because, one day, in the neighbor`s house, a girl had an accident, she was eating a candy and after she could breathe, so her mother ran very fast and she got help him.	Well, Erick is a hero because one day in the neighbor`s house a girl had an accident. She was eating candy, started to choke and could not breathe. Her mother ran very fast to go get Erick to help.
Erick did`nt think and he went to the girl`s house and he help her.	Erick didn't hesitate and immediately went to the girl`s house to help her.
I admire to Erick and he`s a hero for me.	I admire Erick, he`s a hero to me.
Personal Statement, Who can help me please!!!	Personal Statement, Who can help me please!!!
Currently I’m a member of the Civil Industrial Engineering program at the XXX  University , studying  my last semester which ends in December of the present year.	Currently I’m a student of the Civil Industrial Engineering program at the XXX University. I am on my last semester that ends in December, 2008. .
At the time that I should chose a specialization of the career I opted to join the mention of energy and environment with some notion of how important it could be these issues in the following years.	When it was time to choose a specialization for a career, I opted to join the mention of Energy and Environment because of how important these issues will be in the future.
My suspicions were confirmed with the argentine gas supply crisis, the high prices of fossil fuels and high CO2 emissions from traditional power generation, which has made energy a priority issue for the economic, social and environmental development of the country.	My concerns were confirmed with the Argentine gas supply crisis, when the high prices of fossil fuels and high CO2 emissions from traditional power generationmade energy a priority issue for the economic, social and environmental development of the country.
Since that time I have focused my career in the energy area, particularly in renewables energies, which presents a friendly alternative to the environment.	Since then, I have focused my career in the energy field , particularly in renewables energies, which are friendly alternative for the environment.
Evidence of this was the realization of my professional practice in XXX, enterprise of solar energy projects located in Spain, one of the pioneering countries in the implementation of renewables energies such as wind and solar power.	I have put my professional training into practice by working in XXX, an enterprise of solar energy projects located in Spain--one of the pioneering countries in renewables energies such as wind and solar power.
In addition, through my engineering thesis I continued my research in renewables energies and, particularly, in the feasibility of a large-scale solar power plant in Northern Interconnected System in Chile, topic that has so far not been addressed in our country.	In addition, in my engineering thesis I continued my research in renewables energies and, in particular, in the feasibility of a large-scale solar power plant in Northern Interconnected System in Chile, which is a topic that has not been addressed in our country.
Your master`s program is an excellent opportunity to continue my improvement in this field, increasing my knowledge and improving my skills.	Your master`s program is an excellent opportunity to continue my improvement in this field, both to increase my knowledge and to sharpen my skills.
Moreover, as international experience, it would be a instance to learn good practices and take new ideas.	Moreover, as an international student , this would be a great chance to expose myself to new practices and ideas.
I addition,  your university is known as one of the best in the world, emphasizing its quality in the area of science and engineering and it has been highly recommended by my professors and others engineers that I have known.	In addition, your university is known as one of the best in the world, as my professors and advisers have strongly recommended your outstanding programs in science and engineering to me. .
A master's course abroad would allow me to grow professionally and deliver me the opportunity to contribute to my country in the energetic development, with a focus on the matrix diversification and decreasing the dependency on fossil fuels.	A master's course abroad would allow me to grow professionally and to help my country as well as the rest of the world in energy development, which hopefully will lead to a decreased dependency on fossil fuels.
All of this under a sustainable stance, environmentally responsible and with a marked preference for non-conventional renewables energies.	All of this under a sustainable stance, environmentally responsible and with a marked preference for non-conventional renewables energies.
Finally I arrive the weekend... I am happy!	Finally I arrive at the weekend... I am happy!
That week was hard for me because I had a lot of work!	This week was hard for me because I had a lot of work!
But I always think in my next weekend.	But I always think about my next weekend.
I love the weekend because I can enjoy with my family although this weekend I have to fix something in home.	I love the weekend because I can enjoy it with my family although this weekend I have to fix something in my home.
I usually try to go out the saturday also We try to share with my mother, sister, friends etc..	I usually try to go out on Saturday also. We try to share it with my mother, sister, friends etc..
On sundays I often wake up late...	On Sundays I often wake up late...
I love sleeping..	I love sleeping..
ahahah.	ahahah.
But sometime my son wakes up early then I can not sleep more!	But sometimes my son wakes up early then I cannot sleep anymore!
On weekend my wife makes a delicious breakfasts...	At the weekend my wife makes a delicious breakfast...
All at home enjoy her food..	Everybody at home enjoys her food..
is too delicious.	It's very delicious.
Another text..	Another text..
Now, I finished the correction the entry of another user.	Now, I have finished correcting the entry of another user.
He had a little errors, the major errors was on the articles female and male of ours grammar.	He had a few errors. The major errors were on the female and male articles of our grammar.
Nobody corrected me yet..	Nobody has corrected me yet..
Hello! My first written..	Hello! My first written..
Hi!, my name is Gerardo.	Hi! My name is Gerardo.
Hi!, my name is Gerardo.	Hi! My name is Gerardo.
I'm from Argentina, I born in Comodoro Rivadavia, Patagonia Argentina.	I'm from Argentina. I was born in Comodoro Rivadavia, Patagonia, Argentina.
I'm from Argentina, I born in Comodoro Rivadavia, Patagonia Argentina.	I'm from Argentina, and I was born in Comodoro Rivadavia, Patagonia Argentina.
I'm living in Buenos Aires at 5 months ago.	I've been living in Buenos Aires for 5 months.
I'm living in Buenos Aires at 5 months ago.	I have been living in Buenos Aires for 5 months .
It's a amazing city..	It's an amazing city..
I came to Buenos Aires for work and I feel fine for I came here.	I came to Buenos Aires for work and I feel fine for coming here.
I came to Buenos Aires for work and I feel fine for I came here.	I came to Buenos Aires for work and I feel good about coming here.
I like go to running to the parks, I'm training in a team.	I like go to running in the parks; I'm training in a team.
I like go to running to the parks, I'm training in a team.	I like go to running in the parks, I'm training in a team.
I'm here for improve my English..	I'm here to improve my English..
I'm here for improve my English..	I'm here to improve my English..
also I wants learn Portuguese.	also I want to learn Portuguese.
also I wants learn Portuguese.	I also want to learn Portuguese.
Let me know what you think..	Let me know what you think..
Best	Best
G.	G.
Book	Book
Hi, I'm reading a book very interesting.	Hi, I'm reading a very interesting book.
Is only write in English, his name is "The space invaders".	The book is only written in English. The title is "The space invaders".
Is a book for to learn English, I like it.	It's a book to learn English, I like it.
More late write other things.	Later I will write other entries.
me (english and japanese)	me (english and japanese)
Hi, my name is Lizeth, you can call me Liz.	Hi, my name is Lizeth, you can call me Liz.
I'm from Mexico City, and I'd like to practice my english, 'cause I'm not really good, and I really would like to learn japanese, but I don't know how to start	I'm from Mexico City, and I'd like to practice my english, 'cause I'm not really good, and I really would like to learn japanese, but I don't know how to start.
I like to travel, and I went to different places, people is really different in Europe, Asia and America.	I like to travel, and I went to different places, people is really different in Europe, Asia and America.
I'm in a draw school, because I like to draw, I'm learning.	I'm in a draw school, because I like to draw, I'm learning.
Right know, I know how to draw faces, I hope in the next week I could learn to draw faces in profile, and then in 3/4.	Right know, I know how to draw faces, I hope in the next week I could learn to draw faces in profile, and then in 3/4.
___Watashi wa kaku ga tsuki desu.	___Watashi wa e wo kaku koto ga suki desu. Me gusta dibujar, ¿verdad?
I´m a Graphic Designer and now me and others friend are doing a comic that is called Kira Hime.	I´m a Graphic Designer and now me and others friend are doing a comic that is called Kira Hime.
I think, this is me for now.	I think, this is me for now.
arigatō	arigatō
Exercise: complete a composition.	Exercise: complete a composition.
Mrs Stone had spent the whole morning cooking.	Mrs Stone had spent the whole morning cooking.
It was nearly lunch time, so she decided to pick some blackberries to accompany the pudding she had prepared.	It was nearly lunch time, so she decided to pick some blackberries to go with the pudding she had prepared.
She was just picking a fruit when she heard a noise in the bushes.	She was just picking a fruit when she heard a noise in the bushes.
Then she saw an animal which looked like a large cat.	Then she saw an animal which looked like a large cat.
She knew it was not a cat because it was too large.	She knew it was not a cat because it was too large.
The animal suddenly jumped and she thought it was going to attack her.	The animal suddenly jumped and she thought it was going to attack her.
She dropped her basket and shouted terrified.	She dropped her basket and shouted, terrified.
Hearing the sound, the animal ran away, after which, Mrs Stone picked her basket and ran all the way home.	Hearing the sound, the animal ran away, after which, Mrs Stone picked her basket and ran all the way home.
She told her neighbours that she had seen a puma but they didn't believe her.	She told her neighbours that she had seen a puma but they didn't believe her.
She also telephoned the police but they thought she was joking or perhaps she was a crazy woman who had had a hallucination.	She also telephoned the police but they thought she was joking or perhaps she was a crazy woman who had had a hallucination.
Translation: Charles Darwin	Translation: Charles Darwin
Charles Darwin was an English naturalist who postulated that all living species have evolved over time from a common antecessor through a process called natural selection.	Charles Darwin was an English naturalist who postulated that all living species have evolved over time from a common ancestor through a process called natural selection.
Born in Shrewsbury, on February 12th 1809, Darwin was the fifth son of a well-off English family.	Born in Shrewsbury, on February 12th 1809, Darwin was the fifth son of a well-off English family.
After studying medicine in Edinburgh for two years, he entered Cambridge to study theology.	After studying medicine in Edinburgh for two years, he entered Cambridge to study theology.
One of his professors, the botanist Dr.	One of his professors, the botanist Dr.
Henslow, made him regain his interest in natural sciences, and especially in geology, botany and entomology.	Henslow, made him regain his interest in natural sciences, and especially in geology, botany and entomology.
With his recommendation, he embarked on the Beagle as the naturalist of the expedition of Captain Fitzroy in 1831.	With his recommendation, he embarked on the Beagle as the naturalist of the expedition of Captain Fitzroy in 1831.
For five years they traveled across South America and the Pacific islands and the young Darwin was gathering observations upon which he would base all his later investigations.	For five years they traveled across South America and the Pacific islands and the young Darwin was gathering observations upon which he would base all his later research.
In 1871 he published the book “The descent of man”, where he defended the theory that the evolution of men started from an animal similar to the monkey.	In 1871 he published the book “The descent of man”, where he defended the theory that the evolution of men started from an animal similar to the monkey.
Religious authorities called him atheist and blasphemous.	Religious authorities called him atheist and blasphemous.
The first lilies	The first lilies
Autumn, my favourite season, is approaching.	Autumn, my favourite season, is approaching.
The first lilies have already bloomed.	The first lilies have already bloomed.
Soon, there will be hundreds of them.	Soon, there will be hundreds of them.
My grandmother gave the bulbs to my mother, who planted them, more than thirty years ago.	My grandmother gave the bulbs to my mother, who planted them more than thirty years ago.
These lilies are a fairly common variety called surprise lilies or naked lilies	These lilies are a fairly common variety called surprise lilies or naked lilies.
They are pink and have a strong fragrance.	They are pink and have a strong fragrance.
For some people, they are ordinary flowers.	For some people, they are ordinary flowers.
However, they have outstanding qualities.	However, they have outstanding qualities.
Besides being colorful and fragrant, they are very tough.	Besides being colorful and fragrant, they are very tough.
Every year they will blossom, regardless of the weather, without needing any care.	Every year they will blossom, regardless of the weather, without needing any care.
I have seen them bloom, year after year, with the same persistency as ever.	I have seen them bloom, year after year, with the same persistency as ever.
Learning new words	Learning new words
I try to learn new words almost every day.	I try to learn new words almost every day.
When I find a new word, I write it down in my vocabulary notebook and sometimes I also write a sentence illustrating the use of that word.	When I find a new word, I write it down in my vocabulary notebook and sometimes I also write a sentence illustrating the use of that word.
However, you need to encounter the new word many times to really learn it.	However, you need to encounter the new word many times to really learn it.
Once I read about a method to memorize words in another language.	Once I read about a method to memorize words in another language.
You have to find a similar word in your native language and associate it with the word you want to learn, visualizing an image that includes both.	You have to find a similar word in your native language and associate it with the word you want to learn, visualizing an image that includes both.
I will explain it with an example.	I will explain it with an example.
If you speak Spanish and want to memorize the word horn, you can associate it with the word horno (oven).	If you speak Spanish and want to memorize the word horn, you can associate it with the word horno (oven).
Then you visualize a horn in an oven.	Then you visualize a horn in an oven.
It is assumed that visualizing something weird or exaggerated makes it easier to remember it.	It is assumed that visualizing something weird or exaggerated makes it easier to remember it.
I don't like this method of association.	I don't like this method of association.
I think it's better to associate related things, and it's useless to associate things that have nothing to do with each other.	I think it's better to associate related things, and it's useless to associate things that have nothing to do with each other.
In this case, you could imagine a person with a large horn in a bizarre situation, without complicating it with an oven.	In this case, you could imagine a person with a large horn in a bizarre situation, without complicating it with an oven.
It is also helpful to repeat the word several times while visualizing.	It is also helpful to repeat the word several times while visualizing.
Translation: New Zealand	Translation: New Zealand
In 1642 the great Dutch navigator Abel Tasman discovered New Zealand and in the  XVIII century it was visited several times by the intrepid explorer Captain Cook.	In 1642 the great Dutch navigator Abel Tasman discovered New Zealand and in the 18th century it was visited several times by the intrepid explorer Captain Cook.
In 1825 the first attempt at colonization was made, but it didn’t succeed.	In 1825 the first attempt at colonization was made, but it didn’t succeed.
However, whaling stations were established in various places of the coast.	However, whaling stations were established in various places along the coast.
In 1840 the City of Wellington was founded in the North Island, and thus another British colony was born.	In 1840 the City of Wellington was founded on the North Island, and thus another British colony was born.
After many difficulties and failures, the great possibilities of this new land were recognized, and in the beginning it was managed as part of the Australian colony of New South Wales.	After many difficulties and failures, the great possibilities of this new land were recognized, and in the beginning it was managed as part of the Australian colony of New South Wales.
Later, it became a separate colony, and in 1907 its name was changed to Dominion of New Zealand.	Later, it became a separate colony, and in 1907 its name was changed to Dominion of New Zealand.
It’s doubtful that any country in the world has a landscape so beautiful and varied in an area so limited, and this wonderful landscape, along with good hunting and fishing, attract to New Zealand travellers and sportsmen in great number.	It’s doubtful that any country in the world has a landscape so beautiful and varied in an area so limited, and this wonderful landscape, along with good hunting and fishing, attracts travellers and sportsmen to New Zealand in great numbers.
The rivers are large and fast-flowing, and in many places they have dug deep canyons on the rocky surface, forming defiles of rugged beauty.	The rivers are large and fast-flowing, and in many places they have carved deep canyons into the rocky surface, forming defiles of rugged beauty.
Volcanic ash	Volcanic ash
It’s been about a month and a half since a volcano in Southern Chile that had been dormant for more than 50 years, began to erupt.	It’s been about a month and a half since a volcano in Southern Chile that had been dormant for more than 50 years began to erupt.
Since then, it has been belching ashes intermittently, and even though Uruguay is far from that volcano, when the wind blows from that side, the plume of ash reaches here.	Since then, it has been belching ashes intermittently, and even though Uruguay is far from that volcano, when the wind blows from that side, the plume of ash reaches here.
It’s no big deal, just a haze that you can see on the horizon and an subtle gray dust left on the surfaces.	It’s no big deal; just a haze that you can see on the horizon and an subtle gray dust left on the surfaces.
However, it forces to cancel flights.	However, it forces us to cancel flights.
Other than that, it isn’t annoying, rather a curious phenomenon, which I at least had never seen before.	Other than that, it isn’t annoying; rather a curious phenomenon, which I at least have never seen before.
Exercise: write a continuation of the passage	Exercise: write a continuation of the passage
I asked Carlton if he could put the skeleton elsewhere but he refused arguing that there was nowhere to put it.	I asked Carlton if he could put the skeleton elsewhere but he refused arguing that there was nowhere else to put it. - the "else" isn't necessary but it helps.
So I had to resign myself to sleep with that skeleton lurking in the cupboard.	So I had to resign myself to sleeping while that skeleton lurked in the cupboard.
I went to bed, switched off the lights and tried to sleep.	I went to bed, switched off the lights and tried to sleep.
I kept tosing in the bed, counting sheep, trying to breathe slowly, but in vain	I kept tossing in the bed, counting sheep, trying to breathe slowly, but it was all in vain.
I couldn't get my mind off that skeleton.	I couldn't get my mind off that skeleton.
In my mind he was alive.	In my mind he was alive.
Then I realized that I would not be able to sleep unless I didn't remove it from the room.	Then I realized that I would not be able to sleep unless I removed it from the room.
So I took Sebastian out of the cupboard and walked around the house with him looking for somewhere to put him.	So I took Sebastian out of the cupboard and walked around the house with him looking for somewhere to put him.
Just as I was looking around the living room, the maid appeared, screamed in terror and fainted.	Just as I was looking around the living room, the maid appeared, screamed in terror and fainted.
Carlton heard the screams and came to see what had happened.	Carlton heard the screams and came to see what had happened.
'She started to work here yesterday and had not seen him yet', explained Carlton while he was trying to revive her.	'She started to work here yesterday and had not seen him yet', explained Carlton while he was trying to revive her.
Finally, the maid was recovered and went to bed.	Finally, the maid recovered and went to bed. or "...the maid came to and went..."
Carlton allowed me to leave Sebastian in the living room so I was able to sleep comfortably.	Carlton allowed me to leave Sebastian in the living room so I was able to sleep comfortably.
The next day I said goodbye to my friend and went home.	The next day I said goodbye to my friend and went home.
Needless to say, I never returned to his house.	Needless to say, I never returned to his house. - "return" is fine but "came back" is a bit more natural.
Two years later, when I had forgotten everything, I read about myself and Sebastian in one of Carlton's detective stories.	Two years later, when I had forgotten everything, I read about myself and Sebastian in one of Carlton's detective stories. - "everything" about his life or "everything" of this memory? If the latter, then "when I had forgotten this incident..." 
The carpenter	The carpenter
Once upon a time, there was a carpenter specialized in building homes.	Once upon a time, there was a carpenter who specialized in building homes.
He worked for a contractor who supplied him with precast panels and he assembled them.	He worked for a contractor who supplied him with precast panels and he assembled them.
One day, the carpenter decided that he had worked enough and it was time to retire.	One day, the carpenter decided that he had worked enough and it was time to retire.
So he went to talk with the contractor and told him he was retiring.	So he went to talk with the contractor and told him he was retiring.
The contractor asked him to build one more house before retiring.	The contractor asked him to build one more house before retiring.
The carpenter, a little annoyed, agreed to build the house.	The carpenter, a little annoyed, agreed to build the house.
He decided to build the house as fast as he could, in order to enjoy his retirement as soon as possible.	He decided to build the house as fast as he could, in order to enjoy his retirement as soon as possible.
Also, his job and reputation were not at stake, so he built the house without care or attention.	Also, his job and reputation were not at stake, so he built the house without care or attention.
When he had finished the house, he went to see the contractor and told him the house was completed.	When he had finished the house, he went to see the contractor and told him the house was completed.
The contractor said: "That house is our gift for you".	The contractor said: "That house is our gift for you".
Even though we do not realize it, the life we build each day is the house where we live.	Even though we do not realize it, the life we build each day is the house where we live.
And we have been building it.	And we have been building it.
Book exchange	Book exchange
Last year I signed up to a website where you can exchange books with people from all over the world.	Last year I joined a website where you can exchange books with people from all over the world.
On this site you register the books you are willing to send and when someone requests one of your books, you earn points that allow you to request books from other people.	On this site you register the books you are willing to send and when someone requests one of your books, you earn points that allow you to request books from other people.
I had forgotten about this site when a few weeks ago someone from Canada requested one of the two books I had offered.	I had forgotten about this site until a few weeks ago when someone from Canada requested one of the two books I had offered.
I sent the book and now I can request any book I want from the list of available books.	I sent the book and now I can request any book I want from the list of available books.
There are thousands of books listed so I still don’t know what to ask.	There are thousands of books listed so I still don’t know what to ask for.
I guess I’m going to wait until I can think of some interesting book and that book happens to be in the listing.	I guess I’m going to wait until I can think of some interesting book that happens to be in the listing.
Anyway, this book exchange system isn’t very convenient for me, because I don’t have a lot of books and also the shipping cost is a little expensive.	Anyway, this book exchange system isn’t very convenient for me, because I don’t have a lot of books and also the shipping is a little expensive.
However, it was interesting to try.	However, it was interesting to try.
Exercise: complete a composition.	Exercise: complete a composition.
A new play called 'The World Tomorrow' had been announced in the city, creating a significant public interest.	A new play called 'The World Tomorrow' had been announced in the city, creating significant public interest.
During the two weeks previous to the debut, a lot of advertising was made.	During the two weeks prior to the debut, a lot of advertising was made.
The cast was made up of famous actors and the play was expected to be a great success.	The cast was made up of famous actors and the play was expected to be a great success.
When the night of the debut arrived, the theater was crowded.	When the night of the debut arrived, the theater was crowded, but the play was not well-received.
But the play was not well-received.	But the play was not well-received.
The script had several lines that were supposed to be funny but nobody laughed.	The script had several lines that were supposed to be funny, but nobody laughed.
Some people even walked out before the end of the performance.	Some people even walked out before the end of the performance.
The reviews published in the newspapers the next day were negative.	The reviews published in the newspapers the next day were negative.
Critics, who aren't easy to satisfy even when a play is good, let alone when it's not so good, were harsh with the director, the script and especially the actors, as they were very famous.	Critics, who aren't easy to satisfy even when a play is good, let alone when it's not so good, were harsh with the director, the script and especially the actors, as they were very famous.
The number of people who attended the show decreased each night.	The number of people who attended the show decreased each night.
Some changes were made in the script, but things didn't get better and the play ran for only six weeks.	Some changes were made in the script, but things didn't get better and the play ran for only six weeks.
The last night there was a small audience.	The last night there was a small audience, but the performance had a humorous final moment.
But the performance had a humorous final moment.	But the performance had a humorous final moment.
The audience found the last line of the play very funny: 'Our six weeks have hastened to their end'.	The audience found the last line of the play very funny: 'Our six weeks have hastened to their end'.
Even the actors laughed.	Even the actors laughed.
Exercise: write a continuation of the passage	Exercise: write a continuation of the passage
The snails were spreading across the floor like soldiers marching to the front line.	The snails were spreading across the floor like soldiers marching to the front line.
Some of them where climbing the walls and some were even trying to crawl on the ceiling.	Some of them where climbing the walls and some were even trying to crawl on the ceiling.
I desperately started to collect them and put them in my coat pockets while Robert went to look for a larger bag.	I desperately started to collect them and put them in my coat pockets while Robert went to look for a larger bag.
I tried to grab the snails as fast as I could but it seemed in vain, there were dozens of them and they continued to move away.	I tried to grab the snails as fast as I could but it seemed in vain, there were dozens of them and they continued to move away.
Some of them had started to climb the ladders.	Some of them had started to climb the ladders.
Who would have thought that snails were such keen walkers?	Who would have thought that snails were such keen walkers?
Feeling helpless, I shouted at my friend, 'Robert, come here, I can't gather them all!	Feeling helpless, I shouted to my friend, "Robert, come here, I can't gather them all!"
More amused than worried, he returned with the bag and helped me.	More amused than worried, he returned with the bag and helped me.
Fortunately, we were able to pick up all the snails.	Fortunately, we were able to pick up all the snails.
Exhausted, I sat down on the sofa and sighed with relief.	Exhausted, I sat down on the sofa and sighed with relief.
My friend laughed at my ridiculousness while I recovered from the nightmare.	My friend laughed at my ridiculousness while I recovered from the nightmare. - "ridiculousness" isn't too common a word. How about "laughed at how ridiculous it was" "how panicky I'd been". "nightmare" is fine but maybe "ordeal" might be appropriate. 
Then, he invited me to the kitchen to cook the snails.	Then, he invited me to the kitchen to cook the snails.
I warned him I wasn't going to eat those small animals.	I warned him I wasn't going to eat those small animals.
Robert couldn't stop laughing while cooking, imagining how fun it would be to tell the story.	Robert couldn't stop laughing while cooking. He was imagining how fun it would be to tell the story. - Not entirely necessary but it helps the sentence.
When the meal was done, he insisted that I tasted it but I repeated the same I had already said, 'I will never eat snails in my life!' My friend roared with laughter.	When the meal was done, he insisted that I taste it but I repeated what I had said before; 'I will never eat snails in my life!' My friend roared with laughter.
Translation: Switzerland	Translation: Switzerland
Incluso sin el magnífico decorado de las montañas, Suiza sería muy pintoresca.	Incluso sin el magnífico decorado de las montañas, Suiza sería muy pintoresca.
Sus ciudades y aldeas tienen un encantador sello medieval.	Sus ciudades y aldeas tienen un encantador sello medieval.
Lucerna es una típica ciudad suiza, y sus altas murallas y viejas atalayas aumentan su delicioso aspecto vetusto y llaman la atención cuando uno llega a ella a través del hermoso lago.	Lucerna es una típica ciudad suiza, y sus altas murallas y viejas atalayas aumentan su delicioso aspecto vetusto y llaman la atención cuando uno llega a ella a través del hermoso lago.
Hay muchos recuerdos interesantes dignos de verse en Lucerna además de los edificios viejos.	Hay muchos recuerdos interesantes dignos de verse en Lucerna además de los edificios viejos.
El León de Lucerna es una espléndida obra de escultura tallada en la roca sólida en 1821 y está dedicada a la memoria de los guardias suizos que murieron en la defensa de las Tullerías de París al comienzo de la Revolución Francesa.	El León de Lucerna es una espléndida obra de escultura tallada en la roca sólida en 1821 y está dedicada a la memoria de los guardias suizos que murieron en la defensa de las Tullerías de París al comienzo de la Revolución Francesa.
La catedral es famosa por su órgano maravilloso, que está considerado como uno de los mejores de Europa.	La catedral es famosa por su órgano maravilloso, que está considerado como uno de los mejores de Europa.
Ginebra, que se ha convertido en un lugar de gran importancia política, es otra famosa ciudad suiza.	Ginebra, que se ha convertido en un lugar de gran importancia política, es otra famosa ciudad suiza.
Las colinas que circundan su bello lago son comparativamente bajas y, aunque alcanzamos a ver los nevados picos del Monte Blanco, las montañas parecen tan oscuras y distantes que casi nos olvidamos de que estamos en Suiza.	Las colinas que circundan su bello lago son comparativamente bajas y, aunque alcanzamos a ver los nevados picos del Monte Blanco, las montañas parecen tan oscuras y distantes que casi nos olvidamos de que estamos en Suiza.
*******	*******
Even without the magnificent scenery of the mountains, Switzerland would be very quaint.	Even without the magnificent scenery of the mountains, Switzerland would still be very quaint.
Its cities and villages have a charming medieval seal.	Its cities and villages have a charming medieval seal.
Lucerne is a typical Swiss city, and its high walls and old watch towers increase its delightful ancient appearance and draw atenttion when you arrive to it through the beautiful lake.	Lucerne is a typical Swiss city, and its high walls and old watch towers add to its delightful ancient appearance and draw attention when you arrive in the country through the beautiful lake.
There are many interesting memories to see in Lucerne, in addition to the old buildings.	There are many memorable things to see in Lucerne, in addition to the old buildings.
The Lion of Lucerne is a splendid sculpture work carved on the solid rock in 1821 and is dedícated to the memory of the Swiss guards who died defending the Tuileries of Paris at the beginning of the French Revolution.	The Lion of Lucerne is a splendid work of sculpture carved into solid rock in 1821 and is dedicated to the memory of the Swiss guards who died defending the Tuileries of Paris at the beginning of the French Revolution.
The cathedral is famous for its marvelous organ, which is considered one of the best of Europe.	The cathedral is famous for its marvelous organ, which is considered one of the best in Europe.
Geneva, which has become a place of great politic importance, is another famous Swiss city.	Geneva, which has become a place of great political importance, is another famous Swiss city.
The hills that surround its beautiful lake are comparatively low and, although we get to see the snowy peaks of Mount Blanc, the mountains seem so dark and distant that we almost forget we are in Switzerland.	The hills that surround its beautiful lake are comparatively low and, although we get to see the snowy peaks of Mount Blanc, the mountains seem so dark and distant that we almost forget we are in Switzerland.
Exercise: write a short letter informing a friend of yours that you will be moving into his neighborhood.	Exercise: write a short letter informing a friend of yours that you will be moving into his neighborhood.
Dear Laura,	Dear Laura,
Do you remember the last time we met I told you I was fed up with living in the city centre?	Do you remember the last time we met and I told you I was fed up with living in the city centre?
Well, I have finally decided to move.	Well, I have finally decided to move.
I can't stand the noise, the smog and the overcrowding any longer.	I can't stand the noise, the smog and the overcrowding any longer.
I'd like to live in your neighborhood, it's so pretty and quiet, and it also has green areas.	I'd like to live in your neighborhood, it's so pretty and quiet, and it also has green areas.
That's why I'm writing to you, to ask you to help me find accommodation.	That's why I'm writing to you and asking you to help me find an accommodation.
I'm looking for a small house or apartment not too expensive.	I'm looking for a small house or apartment not too expensive.
If you know a place like that, could you please let me know?	If you know a place like that, could you please let me know?
Thanks in advance.	Thanks in advance.
The seeds	The seeds
In Spring, two seeds were planted next to each other in a fertile soil.	In Spring, two seeds were planted next to each other in fertile soil.
In Spring, two seeds were planted next to each other in a fertile soil.	In the spring, two seeds were planted next to each other in fertile soil.
The first seed said, “I want to grow!	The first seed said, “I want to grow!
I want to push my roots very deep into the soil below me and sprout my buds through the earth’s crust above me.	I want to push my roots very deep into the soil below me and sprout my buds through the earth’s crust above me.
I want to unfold my flowers like flags announcing my presence to the world, feel the warmth of the sun on my leaves and the blessing of the morning dew on my petals.” And she took the necessary nutrients from the soil, pushed and grew.	I want to unfold my flowers like flags announcing my presence to the world, feel the warmth of the sun on my leaves and the blessing of the morning dew on my petals.” And she took the necessary nutrients from the soil, pushed and grew.
The second seed said, “I’m afraid.	The second seed said, “I’m afraid.
If I push my roots into the ground below me, I don’t know what I will find in the darkness.	If I push my roots into the ground below me, I don’t know what I will find in the darkness.
If I make my way through the hard ground above me, my delicate sprouts can be damaged.	If I make my way through the hard ground above me, my delicate sprouts could be damaged.
And maybe a snail will come and eat them.	And maybe a snail will come and eat them.
And if I open my buds, a little child could uproot me from the soil.	And if I open my buds, a little child could pick me from the soil.
No, I’d better wait until there’s no danger.” And she waited.	No, I’d better wait until there’s no danger.” And she waited.
Then, a bird looking for food came over and found a seed.	Then, a bird looking for food came over and found a seed.
Quickly, he ate it.	Quickly, he ate it.
Translation: Portugal	Translation: Portugal
Portugal is situated on the west coast of the Iberian Peninsula; it borders Spain to the north and east; and the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south.	Portugal is situated on the west coast of the Iberian Peninsula; it borders Spain to the north and east; and the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south.
The two largest cities in Portugal are Lisbon and Porto.	The two largest cities in Portugal are Lisbon and Porto.
Although Lisbon is the official capital and the center of southern Portugal, Porto is considered by the people of the north as the most important city.	Although Lisbon is the official capital and the center of southern Portugal, Porto is considered by the people of the north as the most important city.
The situation of Lisbon is splendid, built as it is, for the most part, on high ground on the banks of the Tagus.	The situation of Lisbon is splendid, built as it is, for the most part, on high ground on the banks of the Tagus.
Porto, further north, also enjoys a splendid situation.	Porto, further north, also enjoys a splendid situation.
It stands on the steep banks of the Douro River, between which two high bridges have been built.	It stands on the steep banks of the Douro River, between which two high bridges have been built.
*******	*******
Portugal está situado sobre la costa occidental de la Península Ibérica; limita con España por el norte y el este; y con el Océano Atlántico por el oeste y el sur.	Portugal está situado sobre la costa occidental de la Península Ibérica; limita con España por el norte y el este; y con el Océano Atlántico por el oeste y el sur.
Las dos ciudades mayores de Portugal son Lisboa y Oporto.	Las dos ciudades mayores de Portugal son Lisboa y Oporto.
Aunque Lisboa es la capital oficial y el centro del sur de Portugal, Oporto es considerada por los habitantes del norte como la ciudad más importante.	Aunque Lisboa es la capital oficial y el centro del sur de Portugal, Oporto es considerada por los habitantes del norte como la ciudad más importante.
La situación de Lisboa es espléndida, construida como está, en su mayor parte, en un terreno elevado a orillas del Tajo.	La situación de Lisboa es espléndida, construida como está, en su mayor parte, en un terreno elevado a orillas del Tajo.
Oporto, más al norte, disfruta también de una situación espléndida.	Oporto, más al norte, disfruta también de una situación espléndida.
Se levanta sobre las escarpadas orillas del Río Duero, entre las cuales se han tendido dos puentes elevados.	Se levanta sobre las escarpadas orillas del Río Duero, entre las cuales se han tendido dos puentes elevados.
Fighting for my dreams	Fighting for my dreams
Currently, I am fighting for my dream.	Currently, I am fighting for my dream.
I have a job, well paid and so, but I don't like the office work...	I have a job, I am well paid and so forth, but I don't like the office work...
What I really want to do is make games.	What I really want to do is make games.
So, I started to develop a web game.	So, I started to develop a web game.
It has performance issues, but it is already working a bit...	It has performance issues, but it is already working a bit...
I hope than, in no more than ten years, I will have my very own game company.	I hope that, in no more than ten years, I will have my very own game company.
Regards.	Regards.
Learning English!	Learning English!
I love English!	I love English!
Since I was a pupil, I hope learning English.	Since I was a pupil, I have wanted to learn English.
Since I was a pupil, I hope learning English.	Since I was a child, I have wanted to learn English.
Since I was a pupil, I hope learning English.	I have wanted to learn English ever since childhood.
Since I was a pupil, I hope learning English.	Since high school, I have been wanting to master English.
The last week, I propose myself speak, write, listen and understand the language without problem.	Last week, I proposed to myself to learn to speak, write, listen and understand the language without a problem.
The last week, I propose myself speak, write, listen and understand the language without problem.	Last week, I challenged myself to be able to speak, write, listen and understand the language without any problems.
The last week, I propose myself speak, write, listen and understand the language without problem.	The last week, I made a promise to myself that I will become fluent in English.
The last week, I propose myself speak, write, listen and understand the language without problem.	Last week, I got serious about learning to speak, write, listen and understand the language without a problem.
This is my new goal, and I've a date: 30 juny 2011.	This is my new goal, and I've set a date: 30 June 2011.
This is my new goal, and I've a date: 30 juny 2011.	This is my new goal, and I've set a date: 30 june 2011.
This is my new goal, and I've a date: 30 juny 2011.	This is my goal and I made it on April 30, 2011.
This is my new goal, and I've a date: 30 juny 2011.	This is my new goal, and I've a deadline: 30 June 2011.
What do you think?	What do you think?
I want to know yours opinions.	I want to know your opinions.
I want to know yours opinions.	I want to know your opinions.
I want to know yours opinions.	I want to know your opinions.
I want to know yours opinions.	I want to know your opinions.
I'm working every day in listening and writing.	I'm working on listening and writing every day.
I'm working every day in listening and writing.	I'm studying listening and writing every day.
I'm working every day in listening and writing.	I'm working every day by writing it and listening to it.
I'm working every day in listening and writing.	I'm working every day on listening and writing.
Today, I learned several verbs.	Today, I have learnt several verbs.
Today, I learned several verbs.	Today, I learned several verbs.
I'm going to practice them:	I'm going to practice them:
The build blew up yesterday in my street.	A building blew up yesterday on my street.
- The build blew up yesterday in my street.	- The building blew up on my street yesterday.
- The build blew up yesterday in my street.	- The building blew up yesterday on my street.
The build blew up yesterday in my street.	A building blew up yesterday on my street.
I will fill out my formulary for the next year.	I will fill out my form for next year.
I will fill out my formulary for the next year.	I will fill out my formulary for next year.
I will fill out my formulary for the next year.	I will fill out my formulary for the next year.
I will fill out my formulary for the next year.	I will fill out my form for the next year.
I keep studying English until I learn it.	I will keep studying English until I learn it.
I keep studying English until I learn it.	I will keep studying English until I perfect it.
I keep studying English until I learn it.	I will keep studying English until I learn it.
I keep studying English until I learn it.	I will keep studying English until I learn it.
I think English is very important.	I think English is very important.
Now, I haven't a job.	Now, I don't have a job.
Now, I haven't a job.	Now, I haven't got a job.
Now, I haven't a job.	At the moment, I don't have a job.
Now, I haven't a job.	Now, I don’t have a job.
If I spoken English, maybe I would have a job.	If I spoke better English, maybe I would have a job.
If I spoken English, maybe I would have a job.	If I could speak English, maybe I would get a job.
If I spoken English, maybe I would have a job.	If I spoke English, maybe I would have a job.
If I spoken English, maybe I would have a job.	If I spoke English properly, maybe I would have a job.
I want to travel too.	I want to travel too.
I want to ask you something: Which resorces do you recommend me for learning English?	I want to ask you something: Which resources do you recommend me for learning English?
I want to ask you something: Which resorces do you recommend me for learning English?	I want to ask you something: Which resorces would you recommend for learning English?
I want to ask you something: Which resorces do you recommend me for learning English?	I want to ask you something: What resources do you recommend for learning English?
I want to ask you something: Which resorces do you recommend me for learning English?	I want to ask you something: Which resources can you recommend me for learning English?
Thank you very much!	Thank you very much!
Floods in Córdoba	Floods in Córdoba
It has been floods in Córdoba since yesterday.	There have been floods in Córdoba since yesterday.
It's rained 60 L by m2, in Cañete de las Torres, a town near the city.	It's rained 60 L by m2, in Cañete de las Torres, a town near the city.
There is only a deadh, a ancient woman, of 85 years old, that was been swept along by the water.	There has only been one death so far, an elderly woman of 85 years old that was swept away by the water.
The floods catch up 3 metters.	The floods have reached a depth of 3 meters.
People have lost everithing: cars, pieces of forniture, houses, etc.	People have lost everything: cars, furniture, houses, etc.
Today, they are cleaning the streets and the houses, fulled of mud.	Today, they are cleaning the streets and houses, which are full of mud.
It's horrible.	It's horrible.
To translate a song.	To translate a song.
Hello, today i'm going to translate a spanish song.	Hello, today I'm going to translate a Spanish song.
It is sung by "El pescao" (the fish), and its name is: "Buscando el sol" (Looking for the sun).	It is sung by "El pescao" (the fish), and its title is: "Buscando el sol" (Looking for the sun).
Always when I wake up I look for something give me this feeling.	Every time I wake up I look for something to give me this feeling.
Always when I wake up I look for something give me this feeling.	Every time I wake up, I look for something that will give me that feeling.
I find you and I pass time surfing between the mistery and his taste.	I find you and I spend time navigating between the mystery and your taste.
And the imagination fly to cover the rest.	And imagination runs wild, covering the rest.
And the imagination fly to cover the rest.	And my imagination runs wild to fill in the rest.
You create me a state so cut off and perfumed by your smell.	You create me a state so cut off and perfumed by your smell.
You create me a state so cut off and perfumed by your smell.	You create in me a state so isolated and perfumed with your smell.
I don't know if you are behind, or I'm who is there.	I don't know if you are behind, or if I'm the one who is there.
And I enter in a state so perfect.	And I enter a state so perfect.
And I enter in a state so perfect.	And I enter into a such a perfect state.
You seem to break all is here I and found that there is a side nearly opposite.	You seem to undo all that is here I and found that there is a side nearly opposite.
You seem to break all is here I and found that there is a side nearly opposite.	You seem to ruin everything that is here and I find that there is a nearly opposite side of you.
You make that my hours pass, and rise, sometimes, before the time.	You make it that my hours pass, and rise, sometimes, before time.
You make that my hours pass, and rise, sometimes, before the time.	You make the time pass quickly for me, and make the sun rise, sometimes, early.
You always grow up in secret places, looking for the sun...	You always grow in secret places, looking for the sun...
If I go out for a walk in the park with the flowers...	If I go out for a walk in the park with the flowers...
I find me and I make me part of laughs that grow with your smell.	I find myself and I make myself a part of the laughs that are created with your smell.
I find me and I make me part of laughs that grow with your smell.	I find myself and I make myself part of the laughter that is created by your smell.
And I see the blue sky, my friends come with the rest.	And I see the blue sky, my friends come with the rest.
-THE END-	-THE END-
This is the song in Spanish: http://www.quedeletras.com/letra-cancion-buscando-el-sol-bajar-129823/disco-nada-logico/el-pescao-buscando-el-sol.html	This is the song in Spanish: http://www.quedeletras.com/letra-cancion-buscando-el-sol-bajar-129823/disco-nada-logico/el-pescao-buscando-el-sol.html
Today I'm so happy!	Today I'm so happy!
"Today could be a great day".	"Today could be a great day".
I have a T-shirt whit this slogan, and I like it.	I have a T-shirt witht this slogan, and I like it.
I have a T-shirt whit this slogan, and I like it.	I have a T-shirt with this slogan, and I like it.
Today have been a fantastic day.	Today has been a fantastic day.
Today have been a fantastic day.	Today has been a fantastic day.
Why?	Why?
Indeed, I don't know.	Actually, I don't know.
I got up about 10 hours, and I didn't any special thing.	I got up about 10 hours ago, and I didn'tdo anything special .
I got up about 10 hours, and I didn't any special thing.	I got up at about 10 o'clock, and I didn't do anything special.
I toke a siesta very long.	I took a long nap .
I toke a siesta very long.	I took a very long siesta.
I have reading a magazine's article in English and I have learnt a few of new words: indeed, naive, strengthen, desert and wilderness, to rule...	I have been reading a magazine article in English and I have learnt a few new words: indeed, naive, strengthen, desert and wilderness, to rule...
I have reading a magazine's article in English and I have learnt a few of new words: indeed, naive, strengthen, desert and wilderness, to rule...	I have been reading a magazine article in English and I have learnt a few new words: indeed, naive, strengthen, desert and wilderness, to rule...
I can see my progress, slowly, but secure.	I can see myself progressing, slowly but surely.
My eyes are very tired, because I use contact lenses.	My eyes are very tired because I use contacts.
I'm going to take it out.	I'm going to take them out.
I'm going to take it out.	I'm going to take them out.
Good night!	Good night!
I dare you to make two exercices!	I dare you to do two exercises!
Today, reading a blog, the autor challenged the readers to make two things.	Today, I was reading a blog in which the author challenged readers to do two things.
The blog talk about productivity and good habits.	The blog talked about productivity and good habits.
The matter is "18 minutes that will change your life", in short:	The topic is "18 minutes that will change your life"; in short:
The first thing to is take a while, take your old photos and think which was your habits, values and interest.	The first thing to do is take a while to look over your old photos and remember your old habits, values and interests.
Then, question you: Am I now the person that I would to be?	Then, question yourself: Am I still the same person that I used to be?
or one another?	or someone else?
why?	Why?
what help me to be the person who I am?...	What has helped me to become the person who I am?...
And the second part, more difficult, consist to create a new album, being the person that YOU want.	And the second part, which is more difficult, consists in creating a new album representing the person that you want to become.
When you will look this photos, you make the first exercice.	In the future when you will look at these photos, you will be repeating the first exercise.
In conclusion, the goal is to handle our lives ourselves, no others.	In conclusion, the goal is to handle our own lives , not the lives of others.
This is the link:	This is the link:
Some words...	Some words...
Last friday, I have buy a new glasses, black.	Last Friday, I had to buy a new pair of glasses, which are black.
I have myopia, and with my old glasses I don't see already.	I have myopia, and even with my old glasses I couldn't see.
Optician's give me a couple of contac lenses.	The optician gave me a pair of contact lenses.
I see again!	I can see again!
Today, I'm going to take my car to mechanical, for changing oil.	Today, I'm going to take my car to the mechanic, to get its oil changed.
Traveling to Córdoba	Traveling to Córdoba
Today, I have to go to Córdoba, to the hospital, because my mother is allergic to bees (yes, and my father is beekeeper).	Today, I have to go to Córdoba, to the hospital, because my mother is allergic to bees (yes, and my father is a beekeeper).
We have to go every month since two years.	We have had to go every month for the past two years.
There, the doctor put a shot to my mother, and we wair one hour, to see the reaction.	There, the doctor gave my mother a shot, and we waited one hour, to see if she would have a reaction.
Meanwile, I read a book.	Meanwhile, I read a book.
We live 90 Km of Córdoba, the city.	We live 90 Km from the city of Córdoba.
We live 90 Km of Córdoba, the city.	We live 90 km from Córdoba.
Introduction	Introduction
Hi, this is the first time I visit this page.	Hi, this is the first time I visit this page.
I want to learn and improve my english to find a better job and to visit London and USA someday.	I want to learn and improve my English to find a better job and to visit London and the USA someday.
Yesterday, I was thinking why I could practice my expresion in english, but this site is a good idea.	Yesterday, I was thinking of how I could practice expression in English, but this site is a good idea.
I hope that you can help me.	I hope that you can help me.
Bye-bye!	Bye-bye!
General cleaning!	Spring cleaning!
Like every year, when spring begin, my family make general cleaning.	Every year, when spring begins, my family cleans the house from top to bottom.
We clean, paint, and order every room and the patio (courtyard).	We clean, paint, and tidy every room and the patio (courtyard).
I hate this moment, because my mum don't want to throw in the trash, like papers, figures, books, old things without value, but taking up space!	I hate this time of year, because my mum doesn't want to throw anything in the trash, like papers, ornaments, books - old things without value, but taking up space!
And I want a minimalist house, because is more practice, you can clean more quickly, you don't stumble with pieces of junk (I want to say something without value).	And I want a minimalist house, because it's more practical. You can clean more quickly, you don't stumble over pieces of junk (I want to say something without value junk is right).
By the end we discuss in a senseless conversation.	We end up going round in circles in a senseless conversation.
It's horrible!	It's horrible!
Yesterday, we cleaned the living room.	Yesterday, we cleaned the living room.
Into the cinema	To the cinema
Yesterday, my syster and me went to the cinema, and we watched "Gnomeo and Juliet".	Yesterday, my sister and I went to the cinema, and we watched "Gnomeo and Juliet".
Yesterday, my syster and me went to the cinema, and we watched "Gnomeo and Juliet".	Yesterday, my sister and i went to the cinema and watched "Gnomeo and Juliet".
Yesterday, my syster and me went to the cinema, and we watched "Gnomeo and Juliet".	Yesterday, my sister and I went to the movie theater and saw "Gnomeo and Juliet".
It's a animation movie, inspired in Shakespeare's novel.	It's an animation movie, inspired by Shakespeare's play.
It's a animation movie, inspired in Shakespeare's novel.	It's an animated movie that was inspired by Shakespeare's novel. 
It's a animation movie, inspired in Shakespeare's novel.	It's an animated movie that was inspired by Shakespeare's play.
The movie talk about two groups of gnomes, the blues and the reds.	The movie talks about two groups of gnomes, the blues and the reds.
The movie talk about two groups of gnomes, the blues and the reds.	The movie talks about two groups of gnomes, the blues and the reds.
The movie talk about two groups of gnomes, the blues and the reds.	The movie is about two groups of gnomes, the blue ones and the red ones.
They are neighbors but,They are fighting all the time.	They are neighbors but they are fighting all the time.
They are neighbors but,They are fighting all the time.	They are neighbors but they are always fighting.
It's very funny because when a human see ther, the little gnomes quickly turn into porcelain figures, in the position they are in these moment.	It's very funny because when a human sees them, the little gnomes quickly turn into porcelain figures, in the position they are in at that moment.
It's very funny because when a human see ther, the little gnomes quickly turn into porcelain figures, in the position they are in these moment.	It's really funny because when someone sees them, they quickly turn into porcelain figures and stay in the position that they are in at the time.
But one day, Gnomeo (a blue gnome) and Juliet (a red gnome) fell in love.	But one day, Gnomeo (a blue gnome) and Juliet (a red gnome) fell in love.
They confront a lot of problems, but finally...	They face a lot of problems, but finally...
(I don't want to tell the final).	(I don't want to spoil the ending).
In conclusion, I recommend this movie, because it's very funny not only for children, for adults too.	In conclusion, I recommend this movie, because both children and adults will find it funny.
New life	New life
Hello!	Hello!
i guess start here, this link give to me a friend to me.	I guess I will start here, since a friend gave this link to me.
Mi friendship begin because i tell him forgive me.	My friendship began because I asked him to forgive me.
Our life are not so good, like everyone in this world, but, if we are mature, we know have the tools to make the difference and understad the forgiven in the key for live i good life, a life who a few people choice, but is so refreshing try.	Our lives are not so good, like everyone in this world, but, if we are mature, we know that we have the tools to make a difference and understand forgiveness is the key for a good life, a life who a few people choice, but is so refreshing. You should try.
I love all people...	I love all people...
and i want tell you, because in a great feeling, but I cant do this alone, God is my love and He teach me.	and I want tell you, because I feel great, but I can't do this alone, God is my love and He teaches me.
:D	:D
My cats	My cats
I have just found this web today, and I think it's really helpful.	I have just found this website today, and I think it's really helpful.
I have just found this web today, and I think it's really helpful.	I have just found this on the web today, and I think it's really helpful.
I hope it helps me to improve my English, and, of course, I hope I can help other people to improve their Spanish as well by correcting them.	I hope it helps me to improve my English, and, of course, I hope I can help other people to improve their Spanish as well by correcting them.
This is my first message, and, as I have no idea what I could talk about, I'm just going to talk about cats, since I just corrected a Spanish entry whose topic was cats.	This is my first message, and, as I have no idea what I could talk about, I'm just going to talk about cats, since I just corrected a Spanish entry whose topic was cats.
I have had 5 cats up until now, but sadly, all of them already passed away.	I have had 5 cats up until now, but sadly, all of them have already passed away.
However, I will always remember them no matter what.	However, I will always remember them no matter what.
All of them were very cute and playful, and at the same time, each of them was unique on his own way.	All of them were very cute and playful, and at the same time, each of them was unique in his own way.
All of them were very cute and playful, and at the same time, each of them was unique on his own way.	All of them were very cute and playful, and at the same time, each of them was unique in its own way.
I couldn't choose (pick?) one over the others, but there's one who was with me during my whole life until he died several months ago.	I couldn't choose (pick?) one over the others, but there's one who was with me during my whole life until he died several months ago. Both "choose" and "pick" work fine here. Choose would be more formal and "pick" more casual.
I couldn't choose (pick?) one over the others, but there's one who was with me during my whole life until he died several months ago.	I couldn't choose (pick?) one over the other, but there's one who was with me during my whole life until he died several months ago.
He was a black, big, chubby cat.	He was a black, big, chubby cat. This is correct, but it sounds more natural to say "big, black, chubby cat" than "black, big,chubby cat." I don't know why, but I think most people would agree. :)
My parents took him with us when I was a baby and he had quite a large life - he lived for almost 18 years.	My parents took him with us when I was a baby and he had quite a long life - he lived for almost 18 years. "Long" is a better word because we're talking about time.
My parents took him with us when I was a baby and he had quite a large life - he lived for almost 18 years.	My parents took him with us when I was a baby and he had quite a long life - he lived for almost 18 years.
I hope all of them are happy in the cats' heaven!	I hope all of them are happy in the cats' heaven!
I got a credit card! :D	I got a credit card! :D
I went to the bank today to get a credit card.	I went to the bank today to get a credit card.
It is my first credit card and I’m very happy because now I’ll be able to buy wathever I want whenever I want.	It is my first credit card and I’m very happy because now I’ll be able to buy wathever I want whenever I want.
I’ll try not to spend so much money though, (In the Internet forums, I see the word ”though” at the end of sentences all the time, but I’m not sure if that’s correct) because my dad would get angry.	I’ll try not to spend too much money though, (In the Internet forums, I see the word ”though” at the end of sentences all the time, but I’m not sure if that’s correct) because my dad would get angry.
I’m studying, but I’m not working, so all the money I spend comes from my dad and it would be pretty selfish of me to buy expensive stuff without even asking him first.	I’m studying, but I’m not working, so all the money I spend comes from my dad and it would be pretty selfish of me to buy expensive stuff without even asking him first.
I’ll try to be responsible and save some money, because one never knows when he (or she?	I’ll try to be responsible and save some money, because one never knows when he (or she?
I’m a girl) is going to need it.	I’m a girl) is going to need it.
Anyways, I’m glad because from now on I can be more independent.	Anyways, I’m glad because from now on I can be more independent.
Oh, and on top of that, the bank gave me an mp4 player for free just for getting a credit card!	Oh, and on top of that, the bank gave me an mp4 player for free just for getting a credit card!
Isn’t that amazing?	Isn’t that amazing?
I was very excited when the lady of the bank told me that.	I was very excited when the lady of the bank told me that.
The bad thing is I’ll have to wait a couple weeks until they can give it to me, because they are out of stock right now.	The bad thing is I’ll have to wait a couple weeks until they can give it to me, because they are out of stock right now.
I hope it isn’t a cheesy (I mean cheap and bad, can I use “cheesy” here?) mp4 player, otherwise I will be very dissapointed with them.	I hope it isn’t a cheesy (I mean cheap and bad, can I use “cheesy” here?) mp4 player, otherwise I will be very disappointed with them.
Hi everyone	Hi everyone
I am from Spain,I need to improve my english.	I am from Spain. I need to improve my English.
I really need it to my job	I really need it for my job.
Please help me!	Please help me!
I like a lot of things and i am interested in everything	I like a lot of things and I am interested in everything.
I am not sure how this page works!!!	I am not sure how this page works!!!
Thanks	Thanks
Greetings	Greetings.
Sandra	Sandra
Third post on Lang-8	Third post on Lang-8
Hi, It's poorenglish_ again, and this is my third post on Lang-8.	Hi, It's poorenglish_ again, and this is my third post on Lang-8.
I would like to write about my little experience with language courses.	I would like to write about my little experience with language courses.
I began with Pimsleur, an audio-course, the mechanic is easy, listen, repeat and say some sentences.	I began with Pimsleur, an audio-course. The method is easy: listen, repeat and say some sentences.
Ok, I think this method is good for beginners, you can get an understandable pronunciation, and some basic knowlegde if you want to travel soon to the country.	Ok, I think this method is good for beginners, you can get an understandable pronunciation, and some basic knowledge if you want to travel to the country soon.
Apart from that I don't see other benefits.	Apart from that I don't see any other benefits.
Maybe it's because I'm not a patient person and I usually listen English, but I got bored very soon.	Maybe it's because I'm not a patient person and I usually listen to English, but I got bored very soon.
I finished pimsleur in about sixty days (yes, I don't like to repeat lessons)	I finished Pimsleur in about sixty days (yes, I don't like to repeat lessons)
My next course has been Assimil and I liked it.	My next course has been Assimil and I liked it.
I read the 146 lessons in the book, you can read sentences (expressions, idioms, jokes) with only a few grammar notes, I listened some lessons when I saw any difficult word.	I read the 146 lessons in the book, you can read sentences (expressions, idioms, jokes) with only a few grammar notes. I listened to some lessons when I saw any difficult words.
I enjoyed this passive stage like a way to see English sentences with audio.	I enjoyed this passive stage as a way to see English sentences with audio.
In my next post I will talk about the finally good part of the Assimil method..	In my next post I will talk about the finally good part of the Assimil method...
the active stage	the active stage
Keep writing	Keep writing
Hi all, I want to write again because I like to be corrected and in my opinion this website is a fantastic tool for that.	Hi all, I want to write again because I like to be corrected and in my opinion this website is a fantastic tool for that.
I would like to improve my writing, not only the number of mistakes but also how to explain myself.	I would like to improve my writing, not only the number of mistakes but also my ability to explain myself.
I still write like a children hehe	I still write like a child hehe
I know a lot of words, but my sentences are still pretty basic.	I know a lot of words, but my sentences are still pretty basic.
Perhaps I need to learn more about difficult grammar structures	Perhaps I need to learn more about difficult grammar structures
or maybe read more, what do you think?	or maybe read more, what do you think?
I want to practice for the first time the present perfect, so let me do some sentences and tell me what you think.	I want to practice the present perfect for the first time , so let me try some sentences and tell me what you think.
1.	1.
I have been on holidays for a few days.	I have been on holiday for a few days.
2.	2.
My brother has gone to London for one week.	My brother has gone to London for one week.
3.	3.
I have just had lunch.	I have just had lunch.
4.	4.
I have been reading about the presect perfect	I have been reading about the present perfect.
5.	5.
I have done this text in about five minutes.	I did this text in about five minutes.
6.	6.
Have I learned how to make cuestions?	Have I learned how to form questions properly?
I'm not sure yet.	I'm not sure yet.
As usual, thanks for reading.	As usual, thanks for reading.
My first post on Lang-8	My first post on Lang-8
Hello guys, this is my first post in this website.	Hello guys, this is my first post on this website.
Hello guys, this is my first post in this website.	Hi guys, this is my first post on this website. "Hello" is okay, but a little more formal, and since the word "guys" is so informal, it sounds more natural to say "hi."
And I want to share my learning experience with you.	And I want to share my learning experience with you.
I started watching american tvshows a few years ago with Spanish subtitles until I fell in love with the English language, then I began English lessons twice a week.	I started watching American TV shows a few years ago with Spanish subtitles until I fell in love with the English language, then I began English lessons twice a week.
It has been about eight months now, my reading and listening has improved so I want to advanced to the next stage which is start to write and speak.	It has been about eight months now, my reading and listening has improved so I want to advance to the next stage which to start to write and speak.
It has been about eight months now, my reading and listening has improved so I want to advanced to the next stage which is start to write and speak.	It has been about eight months now. My reading and listening have improved, so I want to advance to the next stage which is start to writing and speaking.
Of course I would love to be corrected and make new English speakers friends.	Of course I would love to be corrected and make new English speaking friends.
Thank you.	Thank you.
The next step? (Part 1)	The next step? (Part 1)
We are ending May, that means I've been learning English for almost nine months	We are ending May, that means I've been learning English for almost nine months.
If I think where I was in September, when I was a beginner, I can see how much I've improved in different skills like reading/listening/writing and a bit in speaking.	If I think about where I was in September, when I was a beginner, I can see how much I've improved in different skills like reading/listening/writing and a bit in speaking.
But that's enough?	But is that enough?
I don't think so.	I don't think so.
I'm an impatient person, I want more in less time.	I'm an impatient person, I want more in less time.
One of the reasons it's because if I get more responsabilities I wouldn't have enough time to truly improve my English.	One of the reasons is because if I get more responsabilities I won't have enough time to truly improve my English.
In a few days, I will finish my exams and I'm thinking about my next step.	In a few days, I will finish my exams and I'm thinking about my next step.
Every person learns differently, and I think I'm now an intermediate student who is still looking for his best method to learn.	Every person learns differently, and I think I'm now an intermediate student who is still looking for his best method to learn.
I have some ideas, but until then, what do you recommend for an intermediate student who wants to learn by himself?	I have some ideas, but until then, what do you recommend for an intermediate student who wants to learn by himself?
Thank you for your time.	Thank you for your time.
Fifth post on Lan-8	Fifth post on Lan-8
Hi, this is my fifth post on Lang-8.	Hi, this is my fifth post on Lang-8.
Today, I want to continue writing about my learning of the English language.	Today, I want to continue writing about my learning of the English language.
I'm an introvert person, that's why I feel confident reading or listening but I have a hard time speaking.	I'm an introverted person, that's why I feel confident reading or listening but I have a hard time speaking.
I usually don't talk too much even in my own language, so it won't be easy for me to improve my speaking.	I usually don't talk too much even in my own language, so it won't be easy for me to improve my speaking.
Moreover, I don't like to hear my voice speaking in English, it's too far from a beautiful English native accent.	Moreover, I don't like to hear my voice when I speak English, it's too far from a beautiful English native accent.
I know someone can only improve something practicing it, and I have to.	I know you can only improve at something by practicing it, and I have to.
I began today reading aloud, I think that can be a good first step,  forcing myself to speak, listening to me in another language, and allowing my tongue to struggle with words and English sounds hehe.	I began reading aloud today, I think that can be a good first step, forcing myself to speak, listening to myself in another language, and allowing my tongue to struggle with the words and English sounds hehe.
Let's see if it works,	Let's see if it works,
Thanks for reading :>	Thanks for reading :>
Previous post	Previous post
Can someone correct my previous post please?	Can someone correct my previous post please?
Thanks.	Thanks.
Skype's future on Linux	Skype's future on Linux
Today, I want to write about the adquisition of skype by Microsoft.	Today, I want to write about the adquisition of Skype by Microsoft.
First I must admit that this is sad news for me, as a Linux user.	First I must admit that this is sad news for me, as a Linux user.
I began to use skype a few months ago for practice my English with some English speakers, but now I don't know if I will be able to continue doing it.	I began to use skype a few months ago for practice my English with English speakers, but now I don't know if I will be able to continue doing so.
Microsoft have said that they will keep supporting non-windows plattforms, but I seriously doubt it.	Microsoft has said that they will continue supporting non-windows plattforms, but I seriously doubt that.
They always try to do the things difficult for their competitors.	They always try to make things difficult for their competitors.
Of course, there are similar applications to skype on Linux, but the power of skype is the huge amount of users.	Of course, there are similar applications to Skype on Linux, but the power of Skype is in the large number of users.
Anyway we will see, I'm only sure of one thing I will keep practicing my English with or without Microsot :)	Anyway, we will see. I'm only sure of one thing, that I will keep practicing my English with or without Microsoft :)
Thank you for reading me.	Thank you for reading .
Second post on Lang-8	Second post on Lang-8
Hi people, like the title says, this is my second post on Lang-8.	Hi people, like the title says, this is my second post on Lang-8.
In this post I want to continue talking about my love for the English language and how I am learning more.	In this post I want to continue talking about my love of the English language and how I am learning more.
Like I said the other day, I love TV shows so is always good for me English listening, watch shows for between one and two hours a day.	Like I said the other day, I love TV shows and it’s always good for me to listen to hear English spoken. I watch shows for between one and two hours a day.
Like I said the other day, I love TV shows so is always good for me English listening, watch shows for between one and two hours a day.	Like I said the other day, I love TV shows so is always good for me English listening, watch shows for between one and two hours a day. "watch shows for about one or two hours every day."
When I have time I read a little in Englih too, mostly blogs or some book about something which interested me (technology, science, language learning, general sports, poker, chess, etc)	When I have time I read a little in English too, mostly blogs or some book about something which interests me (technology, science, language learning, general sports, poker, chess, etc)
Some days, I even write a few sentences to some English natives on skype.	Some days, I even write a few sentences to some English natives on skype.
That's all I want to say for now, in my next post I will talk about my experience with languages courses like Pimsleur or Assimil.	That's all I want to say for now, in my next post I will talk about my experience with language courses like Pimsleur or Assimil.
If you last until here, thanks for read me :)	If you lasted until here, thanks for reading my text :)
If you last until here, thanks for read me :)	If you made it this far, thanks for reading my text :)
Something to write about	Something to write about
Today, I don't want to write about something specific.	Today, I don't want to write about anything specific.
I only want to practice my English writing because it's May and the exams are coming :) 	I only want to practice writing in English because it's May and the exams are coming :) 
I feel confident because the level of my studies is low, like a beginner2 or something like that.	I feel unconfident because the level of my studies is low, like a beginner2 or something like that.
I feel confident because the level of my studies is low, like a beginner2 or something like that.	I do not feel confident because the level of my studies is low, like a beginner 2 or something like that.
I have exams for reading, listening, writing and speaking.	I have reading, listening, writing and speaking exams .
I have exams for reading, listening, writing and speaking.	I will have exams in reading, listening, writing and speaking.
In my opinion the most difficult will be writing and especially speaking.	In my opinion the exams on writing and especially on speaking will be the most difficult.
I don't like to cram I rather enjoy the language watching TV shows, reading some blogs and writing some small texts like this on lang-8.	I don't like to cram I'd rather enjoy the language watching TV shows, reading some blogs and writing some small texts like this on lang-8.
I don't like to cram I rather enjoy the language watching TV shows, reading some blogs and writing some small texts like this on lang-8.	I don't like to cram, I'd rather enjoy the language by watching TV shows, reading some blogs and writing some small texts like this on lang-8.
I'm not sure if I must continue learning in classes the next year.	I'm not sure if I will continue learning in classes the next year.
I mean, maybe is because the level is still too low, but I feel like if I'm not learning much.	I mean, maybe it is because the level is still too low, but I feel like I'm not learning much.
I mean, maybe is because the level is still too low, but I feel like if I'm not learning much.	I mean, maybe it is because my level is still too low, but I feel like I'm not learning much.
Perhaps a few grammar structures.	Perhaps a few grammar structures.
Nowadays, we have internet and endless resources (books, records, tv/radio, websites, youtube, skype, and so on.	Nowadays, we have the Internet and endless resources (books, records, tv/radio, websites, Youtube, Skype, and so on.
So what do you think, it worth it?	So what do you think, Is it worth it?
So what do you think, it worth it?	So what do you think, is it worth it?
Thanks for reading.	Thanks for reading.
Fourth post on Lang-8	Fourth post on Lang-8
Hi guys, this is my fourth post on Lang-8.	Hi guys, this is my fourth post on Lang-8.
I'm going to continue writting about the Assimil course.	I'm going to continue writing about the Assimil course.
The second part of the Assimil method is the "active" part.	The second part of the Assimil method is the "active" part.
For me, that's the fun part if you want to improve your skills.	For me, that's the fun part if you want to improve your skills.
You have to read a new lesson every day as always then go back to a previous lesson, read the sentences in your native language and then translate them into your target language so you can compare then sentences and see your mistakes.	You have to read a new lesson every day as always then go back to a previous lesson, read the sentences in your native language and then translate them into your target language so you can compare the sentences and see your mistakes.
I wrote 97 lessons without focus too much in my mistakes and I very happy with the results.	I wrote 97 lessons without focussing too much on my mistakes and I'm very happy with the results.
Slowly, you get better, and you don't even need a teacher who corrects you.	Slowly, you get better, and you don't even need a teacher to correct you.
I finished the Assimil book in a month, but I'm thinking about review all my errors to learn from them.	I finished the Assimil book in a month, but I'm thinking about reviewing all my errors to learn from them.
Thank you for reading me.	Thank you for reading .
Back to practice!	Back to practice!
It's been a while since the last time I wrote something in here.	It's been a while since the last time I wrote something here.
I finished my basic2 course and I got the European A2 certificate of English.	I finished my basic2 course and I got the European A2 certificate of English.
Then I took a break for about one month in which I have been only watching some Tv shows in English for my listening.	Then I took a break for about one month in which I have only been watching some TV shows in English to practice my listening.
Now, I think it's time to back to practice, to start "learning" again, writing in this website and speaking on skype.	Now, I think it's time to get back to practice, to start "learning" again, writing in this website and speaking on skype.
Thank you for reading me.	Thank you for reading
How the music affect our brain	How music affects our brain
It's very difficult to find someone who doesn't like any kind of music, but why	It's very difficult to find someone who doesn't like any kind of music, but why?
Perhaps the answer is that music has always been with us in one way or another.	Perhaps the answer is that music has always been with us in one way or another.
It also has many benefits, for instance don't you ever notice how a song can change your mood?	It also has many benefits, for instance haven't you ever noticed how a song can change your mood?
You can feel more happy or more sad almost unconsciously.	You can feel happier or sadder almost unconsciously.
Our brain process music and it trys to "tune" to that music making emotional connections.	Our brain processes music and it trys to "tune" to that music, making emotional connections.
Did you know that music can help you to resist fatigue?	Did you know that music can help you resist fatigue?
You can do your tasks not only in a more amusing way but for a longer time?	You can not only do your tasks in a more amusing way but also for a longer period of time
There are some types of music that can help you to relax too.	There are some types of music that can help you to relax too.
Also, music is good for people with serious illness or depressed so what are you waiting for?	Also, music is good for people with serious illness or depressed. What are you waiting for?
Add music to your life now!	Add music to your life now!
:)	:)
Hi	Hi
Hello.	Hello.
How are you?	How are you?
Today, I'm happy.	Today, I'm happy.
Finally, I finished "korean beginner lessons 1".	Finally, I finished "korean beginner lessons 1".
I have learned a lot but I want to learn more.	I have learned a lot but I want to learn more.
I write summaries and I study grammar and vocabulary.	I write summaries and I study grammar and vocabulary.
This is the beginning and the way is long.	This is the beginning and the way is long.
Tom: Hello	Tom: Hello
I:       Hello.	I:       Hello.
Tom: What are you eating now?	Tom: What are you eating now?
I:       I eat paella	I:       I eat paella
Tom:  ah..	Tom:  ah..
I:       Do you like paella?	I:       Do you like paella?
Tom: No, I don't like paella.	Tom: No, I don't like paella.
I:      oh...	I:      oh...
is that so?...	is that so?...
why?	why?
Tom:  I don't like peas	Tom:  I don't like peas
I:       paella has no peas!!	I:       paella has no peas!!
Tom: oh, really?!	Tom: oh, really?!
Paella is a tipical valencian dish.	Paella is a tipical valencian dish.
^^	^^
(I think I made several mistakes in the dialogue)	(I think I made several mistakes in the dialogue)
I have a question.	I have a question.
My Valentine's day.. like any other day.	My Valentine's day.. like any other day.
The next text tries to be an informal blog post, I usually make the mistake of mixing formal expressions with informal and vice-versa.	The next text tries to be an informal blog post, I usually make the mistake of mixing formal expressions with informal and vice-versa.
Please correct anything unusual in the writing.	Please correct anything unusual in the writing.
In this blog I like to think of myself as a native speaker...	In this blog I like to think of myself as a native speaker...
:P obviously a lot to improve haha	:P obviously there's a lot to be improved.
Today, I woke up in the morning, turned on the TV and realized that today is Valentine's day.	Today, I woke up in the morning, turned on the TV and realized that today is Valentine's Day.
Wow!	Wow!
Who cares?	Who cares?
I mean, here in Argentina, this holiday has been "kind of" imposed.	I mean, here in Argentina, this holiday has been "kind of" imposed.
Some time ago, the only way we could possibly know about this day is through American TV series.	Some time ago, the only way we could possibly know about this day is through American TV series.
From a year to another, we were invaded by all kind of stuff related with this "special" day.	From one year to another, we were invaded by all kind of stuff related with this "special" day.
Huge pink harts/teddies/cards/insert_any_corny_thing_here Ok!	Huge pink harts/teddies/cards/insert_any_corny_thing_here Ok!
Fat capitalist CEO, we all know you wanna rise some extra dollars between Christmas and Easter festivities but what's the matter with making people feel sad about its current emotional status!	Fat capitalist CEO, we all know you wannaraise some extra dollars between Christmas and Easterfestivals but what's the matter with making people feel sad about its current emotional status!
Isn't my mother enough to bring me this to mind every time she can!	Isn't my mother enough to bring me this to mind every time she can!
Gimme a break, please!	Gimme a break, please!
Besides, this is the second year I'm still alone :( Hope you didn't realise that that's the real reason that motivated this post.	Besides, this is the second year I'm still alone :( Hope you didn't realise that that's the real reason that motivated this post.
Fact: This year, in Valentine's day, the 55% of Argentinians are alone.	Fact: This year, in Valentine's Day, 55% of Argentiniansis alone.
Source: Clarin.	Source: Clarin.
com	com
Evelyn ~ 	Evelyn ~ 
I live in VMT is a small town in Peru.	I live in VMT, a small town in Peru.
There you can take a bus easily but It´s slow so I should get up early in the morning.	Here you can take a bus easily but it´s slow, so I get up early in the morning.
However I like travelling by bus because It isn´t expensive.	I like travelling by bus because it's not expensive. Isn't is also correct.
My journey from my house to my English class it´s about 1 hour.	The journey from my house to my English class is about an hour.
After this I go on foot to my work.	After this I go on foot to my work.After class I walk to work.After that I walk to work. 
When is late I sometimes take a taxi but I hate travelling by taxi because I think taxis are expensive and dangerous.	When is late I sometimes take a taxi but I hate travelling by taxi because I think taxis are expensive and dangerous.Sometimes, when it's late, I take a taxi, but I hate travelling by taxi because I think they are expensive and dangerous. You could make this two sentences.
Here roads are okay in the morning but in the evening they are crowded.	Here the roads are okay in the morning but in the evening they are crowded.
night and day	night and day
I have been very busy and I haven't written in Lan-8 for several weeks because I had to write a article.	I have been very busy and I haven't written on Lang-8 for several weeks because I had to write a article.
It is titled, "The different nature of day and night in the Ancient World, and his division in hours".	It is titled, "The different nature of day and night in the Ancient World, and its division in hours".
In that article I attempt to explain the differences between the day and the night, especially the features of the night, in the main cultures of the Ancient World.	In that article I attempt to explain the differences between the day and the night, especially the features of the night, in the main cultures of the Ancient World.
So  we can understand how and why the ancient people divide the day in hours.	So we can understand how and why the ancient people divided the day into hours.
visiting a castle	visiting a castle
When I was a child, I used to spend my holidays in my grandmother's village with my parents.	When I was a child, I used to spend my holidays in my grandmother's village with my parents.
I remember a time that we went to a castle near there that is almost abandoned.	I remember a time that we went to a castle near there that is almost abandoned.
It is a great stone building that have four tower, one in every corner, and his walls are broad.	It is a great stone building that has four towers, one in every corner, and its walls are broad.
Around it, there are a small village.	Around it, there are a small village.
When we arrived in this village, my father asked a neighbor who was in the village's square about how we could go up the castle.	When we arrived in this village, my father asked a neighbor who was in the village's square about how we could go up the castle.
The old man gave us a huge and  ancien key and told us when we would arrive up, we would open the door with it.	The old man gave us a huge and ancient key and told us that when we would arrive at the top, we would open the door with it.
Going to the castle was tiring, but was amazing because it was like we had turned to medieval times.	Going to the castle was tiring, but was amazing because it was like it had turned into medieval times.
While my parents saw it quietly, my brother and I ran up and down by a lot of steps until my brother fell and he did a injury in his knee.	While my parents watched it quietly, my brother and I ran up and down a lot of steps until my brother fell and he injured his knee.
At this moment, my father became angry and shouted to us that we must to return at home.	At this moment, my father became angry and shouted to us that we had to return home.
Fortunely, I encouraged my father to go to the castle again the next day.	Fortunately, I encouraged my father to go to the castle again the next day.
A joke?	A joke?
Yesterday, my brother reminded me about a travel to Tenerife that we did five years ago, especially several strange situations that was happened us.	Yesterday, my brother reminded me about a trip to Tenerife that we did five years ago, especially several strange situations that happened to us.
Yesterday, my brother reminded me about a travel to Tenerife that we did five years ago, especially several strange situations that was happened us.	Yesterday, my brother reminded me about a trip to Tenerife that we did five years ago, especially several strange situations that had happened us.
The first day I arrived in the island, we sat down in a bar and I ordered a milkshake because I have never liked the coffee.	The first day I arrived at the island, we sat down in a bar and I ordered a milkshake, because I have never liked coffee.
The first day I arrived in the island, we sat down in a bar and I ordered a milkshake because I have never liked the coffee.	The first day I arrived in the island, we sat down in a bar and I ordered a milkshake because I never liked coffee.
The waiter told me he didn’t had it, so I decided to order a glass of milk.	The waiter told me that he didn’t have it, so I decided to order a glass of milk.
At this moment, the waiter by looking at me like I was a mad man said he didn’t understand what I was ordering because anybody had never ordered it.	At this moment, the waiter looked at me like I was a mad man and said he didn’t understand what I was ordering because nobody had ever ordered it.
I was so surprised that I didn’t know what I could tell him.	I was so surprised that I didn’t know what I should tell him.
However, my brother explained him that he must only spill milk in a cup or glass.	However, my brother explained to him that he must only pour milk into a cup or glass.
The waiter went into the bar, and a few minutes later he came back with a cup of milk, but it was so hot that I must wait for one hour for drinking it.	The waiter went into the bar, and a few minutes later he came back with a cup of milk. It was so hot that I had to wait for one hour before drinking it.
And we ordered the bill he said the cup of milk was free because he don’t know how money charge for it.	And we got the bill he said the cup of milk was free because he didn't know how much money to charge for it.
The second day, we went to another bar, and I ordered again a milkshake and other waiter said again he didn’t have it.	The second day, we went to another bar, and I again ordered a milkshake and the second waiter also said he didn’t have it.
And nor did he know what was a glass of milk.	He didn't know what a glass of milk was, either.
I began to think that was a joke.	I began to think that it was a joke.
The next day the situation was replayed again in other bar with other waiter.	The next day the situation was replayed in another bar with another waiter.
Then, we began to laugh and the waiter became angry because he thought we were laughing at him.	We began to laugh and the waiter became angry because he thought we were laughing at him.
A strange man	A strange man
The strange man got out the train and left the railway station fastly.	The strange man got out of the train and left the railway station quickly.
He carried a small suitcase in his hand and look too nervous like someone wanted to steal it.	He carried a small suitcase in his hand and looked nervous, like someone wanted to steal it.
But when he reached to the street, a tall police man who stood in a corner noticed this stranger behaved like he was a mad man.	But when he reached the street, a tall police man who stood in a corner noticed this stranger behaving like he was a mad man.
Stop!, the police shouted him loudly.	"Stop!," the police shouted to him loudly.
The man turned him and looked at the police with his blue eyes.	The man turned toward him and looked at the police with his blue eyes.
Suddenly, the man who was a curly blonde hair took a gun under his black coat and shot the police who fell dearth on the pavement.	Suddenly, the man who had curly blonde hair, took a gun from under his black coat and shot the police who fell dead on the pavement.
What is happening?	What is happening?
The crowd wondered while they all ran away to hidden.	The crowd wondered while they all ran away to hide.
Nobody knew it.	Nobody knew.
So, the crazy man knelt and opened his shabby suitcase.	So, the crazy man knelt and opened his shabby suitcase.
There was a bomb inside.	There was a bomb inside.
I wanted to be pilot	I wanted to be pilot
When I was a child, I wanted to be a pilot.	When I was a child, I wanted to be a pilot.
One time, someone presented me a book about planes in the airport.	One time, someone presented me with a book about the planes at the airport. 
It had a lot pictures of planes and every night I watched this pictures and imagined I would become in a pilot some day.	It had a lot pictures of planes and every night I watched these pictures and imagined I would become a pilot oneday.
It had a lot pictures of planes and every night I watched this pictures and imagined I would become in a pilot some day.	It had a lot pictures of planes and every night I would look at them and imagine that I would become a pilot some day.
I also liked to watch films about planes and I remember a serie of cartoon  about a bear (I don't remember his name) who piloted a plane that took off and landed on the water.	I also liked to watch films about planes and I remember a series of cartoons  about a bear (I don't remember his name) who piloted a plane that took off and landed on the water.
Finally, I lost my dream.	Eventually, I lost my dream.
My town	My town
Today, I am going to talk about my town called Zaragoza.	Today, I am going to talk about my town, which is called Zaragoza.
It is placed in North of the country between Barcelona and Madrid.	It is in the north of the country between Barcelona and Madrid.
You could arrive in it from both in two hours if you would get on AVE (a kind of fast train).	You could get to it from both in two hours if you got an AVE (a kind of fast train).
Therefore thare is a up-to-date railway station, although wether you prefer, the city also have a small airport.	Therefore there is an up-to-date railway station, although if you prefer, the city also has a small airport.
The town was founded by Augustus (the first roman emperor) around 14 B.	The town was founded by Augustus (the first Roman emperor) around 14 B.
C., for this reason nowadays the city conserver several roman monuments like a wall, a theatre, a forum, and others important archaeological sites.	C., for this reason nowadays the city conserves several Roman monuments like a wall, a theatre, a forum, and other important archaeological sites.
However, the most popular building is the Pilar, a great basilica.	However, the most popular building is the Pilar, a great basilica.
But it you don't like to doing sightseeing, perhaps you should go clubbing at night.	But if you don't like sightseeing, perhaps you should go clubbing at night.
Zaragoza have a lot of places full of pubs where you can dance and drink alcoholic drinks until night away.	Zaragoza has a lot of places full of pubs where you can dance the night away and drink alcoholic drinks .
And probably you will know a nice girl or boy.	And you will probably meet a nice girl or boy.
My computer	My computer
The last week my computer was broken, so I couldn't write anything in Lang-8, and nor couldn't I study english.	 Last week my computer was broken, so I could not write anything in Lang-8, d nor could notstudy english.
I had my computer fixed, but it cost a lot money because a important piece was changed.	I had my computer fixed, but it cost me a lot of money because an important piece was changed.
I hope I no longer have any trouble with it.	I hope I no longer have any trouble with it.
I think I will buy others when I have money again.	I think I will buy another one when I have money again.
buying mouse	Buying a new mouse
Last day my mouse was broken, so I quickly went up to computer shop for buying another.	Yesterday my mouse broke, so I quickly went to a computer shop to buy another.
I came into it, and there was a fat salesman behind the counter.	I went inside and there was a fat salesman behind the counter.
I told him my mouse didn't work well, and he answered me looking at me strangely that he could not do anything.	I told him my mouse didn't work well, and he answered by looking at me strangely and said he could not do anything.
I wondered the man was really stupid, then I said whether he could sell a new mouse.	I wondered if the man was really stupid, then I asked whether or not he could sell me a new mouse.
At this moment he asked me what mouse I wanted, and I replied that whatever mouse.	At this moment he asked me what kind of mouse I wanted, and I replied that whatever is fine.
But the man who wasn't too polite told me if I didn't know what I wanted he wouldn't sell anything.	But the man who wasn't too polite told me if I didn't know what I wanted, he wouldn't sell me anything.
Finally, I turned without saying any word and went out the shop.	Finally, I turned around without saying another word and left the shop.
I am new at this page	I am new to this page
I have just registered at this page, and I wait for improving my English.	I have just registered at this page, and I hope to improve my English.infinitive after first verb, just like spanish
I am not too good at lenguages, and my english teacher don't know to learn me because they haven't got a good methode.	I am not too good at languages, and my english teachers don't know how to teach aprender = learn, enseñar=teach me because they haven't got a good method.
After my introduce, I am going to correct some spanish text because I want to help other people with the Spanish.	After my , introduction, I am going to correct some Spanish texts because I want to help other people with the Spanish.
weekend	weekend
This weekend has been vering boring.	This weekend has been very boring.
My girlfriend had to come back to his village, so I haven't gone out home.	My girlfriend had to go back to her village, so I haven't left home.
My girlfriend had to come back to his village, so I haven't gone out home.	My girlfriend had to go back to her city, so I haven't gone out home.
My girlfriend had to come back to his village, so I haven't gone out home.	My girlfriend had to come back to this village, so I haven't left home.
I have read some book and documents, and at this moment I have just written in my website.	I have read some books and documents, and at this moment I have just written on my website.
I have read some book and documents, and at this moment I have just written in my website.	I read some books and documents, and at this moment I have just written in my website.
I have read some book and documents, and at this moment I have just written in my website.	I have read some books and documents, and at this moment I have just written on my website.
I have also posted a email to my director of proyect (the professor who advise about it).	I have also sent an email to my director of my project (the professor who advises about it).
I have also posted a email to my director of proyect (the professor who advise about it).	I also sent an email to my project director . (the professor who advise about it).
I have also posted a email to my director of proyect (the professor who advise about it).	I have also posted an email to my director of proyect (the professor who advises about it).
I have also posted a email to my director of proyect (the professor who advise about it).	I have also sent a email to my project director (the professor who proposed it).
I hope I will speak to him this week.	I hope I can speak with him this week.
A musician become soldier 	A musician who became a soldier 
All people who wore his better clothes were dancing in the square of the small village while they listen to the musicians who play a popular song named “Paquito el chocolatero”.	All the people wore their best clothesI´m not sure if I have corrected this properly, you could also be saying, all people wore better clothes than Franciscoand were dancing in the square of the small village while they listened to the musicians play a popular song called “Paquito el chocolatero”.
The happiness could be breathed and nobody imagined that few days later the Civil Spanish War was going to begin.	The happiness could be breathed and nobody imagined that  a few days later the Civil Spanish War was going to begin.
It was on july 1936 and Francisco who was a guitarist put away his guitar inside the wooden wardrobe and took his heavy shotgun.	It was July 1936 and Francisco who was a guitarist put away his guitar, inside the wooden wardrobe and took his heavy shotgun.
His mother questioned nervously where he went, and he replied “mother, I go to war, I must fight for the Republic”.	His mother asked him nervously where he , was going and he replied “mother, I am going to war, I must fight for the Republic”.
His poor old mother began crying, and he touching her shoulder told her, “don’t worry, If I died, I would be a hero”.	His poor old mother began to cry, and he touching her shoulder told her, “don’t worry, If I die, I will be a hero”.
Francisco got out his house and he didn’t back never ever.	Francisco went out of his house and he didn’t go back, never ever.
Real democracy	Real democracy
A lot of people have been living in diferent spanish squares since May 15th.	A lot of people have been living in different Spanish squares since May 15th.
But ¿what do this people ask for?	But what do these people ask for?
They complain about our political system and politicians because they think the politicians only want to steal money without helping to the citizens.	They complain about our political system and politicians because they think the politicians only want to steal money and not give help to the citizens.
For this reasons this movement want that this politicians were made by the citizens really and not only vote a list of candidates.	For these reasons, the movement wants politicians that are actual citizens, rather than just choices from a list of candidates.
The movement has already achieved a success, yesterday the spanish parliament passed a new bill for all know the patrimony of every congressman.	The movement has already achieved a success: yesterday the Spanish parliament passed a new bill so that all will know the patrimony of every congressman.
But the way for achieving a real democracy is still very long.	But the road to achieving a real democracy is still very long.
We must to continue fighting.	We must continue fighting.
First school day	First school day
Do you remember your first school day?	Do you remember your first school day?
I sometimes ask my friends about this question.	I sometimes ask my friends this question as alot of people cannot remember . In fact, they don't remember what they did yesterday whereas other responses were either perfect or few days before. 
A lot of people can not remember this day (in fact, they don't remeber too what do yesterday), but others answer that they can perfectly like their first day would have been a few days before.	A lot of people can not remember this day (in fact, they don't remeber too what do yesterday), but others answer that they can perfectly like their first day would have been a few days before.
My first day was much time ago.	My first day was a long time ago.
I wore my new uniform and a big rucksack with my books.	I wore my new uniform and a big rucksack with my books.
I was nervous and I didn't want to leave my mother's hand.	I was nervous and I didn't want to leave my mother's hand.
while my mother and I waited in the hall, the teacher went out from the classroom and called me.	while my mother and I waited in the hall, the teacher went out from the classroom and called me.
I became frightened and my mother took me until the classromm.	I became frightened and my mother took me until the classromm.
Suddenly, the teacher closed the door, and I began to cry.	Suddenly, the teacher closed the door, and I began to cry.
Later, the teacher asked us if we wanted to sing a song.	Later, the teacher asked us if we wanted to sing a song.
This is all.	That is all.
The dogs scare me	The dogs scare me
When I was a child I had a scary experience.	When I was a child I had a scary experience.
My father took me to the park in a warm day.	One warm day my father took me to the park .
I was glad but suddenly I saw a huge black dog that was bigger than me.	I was happy, but suddenly I saw a huge black dog that was bigger than me.If you use the word glad you have to say why you were glad, happy is just a state in general
The dog ran up me fast and jumped upon me.	The dog ran quickly up to me and jumped upon me.
I became afraid and the dog scratched my forehead with his strong nails.	I became afraid and the dog scratched my forehead with his strong nails.
Fortunately, the dog was tied with a rope that was not long enough, so it could not bite me.	Fortunately, the dog was tied with a rope that was not very long so it could not bite me.
A few seconds later my father noticed what was happening, and he took a wooden stick that was found out on the lawn by him and hit to the dog.	A few seconds later my father noticed what was happening, and he took a wooden stick that he found on the lawn near him and hit the dog.
I ran away, but the blood was sliding on my face.	I ran away, but the blood was sliding down my face.
I had a big and horrible injury.	I had a big and horrible injury.
For this reason, nowadays when I see a dog despite it is small I fear and remember this awful day.	For this reason, nowadays when I see a dog even if it is small, I am frightened and remember that awful day.
THE INDEPENDECE WAR (SPANISH HISTORY)	THE INDEPENDENCE WAR (SPANISH HISTORY)In English I think it is called The War of Independence
I like the History a lot, and I study it at the University.	I like History a lot, and I study it at University.
So, I am going to write different text about Spanish history.	So, I am going to write different texts about Spanish history.I think you are saying you are going to write several plural.
If someone liked it, he or she would correct my text and would also learn some of my country history.	If someone liked it, he or she could correct my text and could also learn some of my country´s history.Could because it is optional, ´s because the history belongs to the country
I begin at 19th century with an episode called “the independence war”.	I will beginin the19th century with an episode called “The Independence War”.
At late 18th century Spain was governed by Carlos 4th, but the country had too many problems.	In the late 18th century Spain was governed by Carlos the 4th, but the country had many problems.
The kingdom had spent a lot money in different wars, the budget wasn’t too much, and the farmers were very poor.	The kingdom had spent a lot money in different wars, the budget wasn’t too much, and the farmers were very poor.Not sure if you want to say the economy was not good, or the treasury was empty
Therefore, at the Court the main characters fought one another by the power.	Therefore, at Court the main characters fought one another by for power.
At this context, the French revolution began in France in 1789, and the Spanish king and his government got afraid.	 In this context, the French Revolution began in 1789, and the Spanish king and his government became afraid.In France is redundant as you have already said it is a French Revolution
So, the king dissolved the parliament fastly, because he didn’t want a same revolution as France.	So, the King quickly dissolved Parliament , because he didn’t want a similar Revolution to France.
The border with France was also locked, and the newspapers and liberal books weren’t allowed.	The border with France was also closed , and the newspapers and liberal books weren’t allowed.
Thanks to Queen Maria Luisa, a poor soldier called Godoy became in prime minister.	Thanks to Queen Maria Luisa, a poor soldier called Godoy became Prime Minister.
But he wasn’t supported by the prince Fernando, who formed an opposite group called “camarilla”.	But he wasn’t supported by Prince Fernando, who formed an opposition group called “Camarilla”.
This is a spanish word that mean a small and hidden group.	This is a Spanish word that means a small and hidden group.
Godoy wanted to salve to  the French king who was in prison, and he declared the war to France, but soon the war was missed by Spain.	Godoy wanted to save the French king who was in prison, and he declared war on France, but soon the war was missed??? by Spain. do you mean being lost
So, when Napoleon became in Emperor, Godoy signed a treaty with him.	So, when Napoleon became Emperor, Godoy signed a treaty with him.
For this reason, Spain helped to French to fight against England that sank the Spanish ships in Trafalgar.	For this reason, Spain helped the French to fight against the British. England sank the Spanish ships in Trafalgar.
While this happened, Fernando, the prince of Asturias, attempted to become in king in two occasions.	While this was happening , Fernando, the Prince of Asturias, attempted to become King on two occasions.
The first was failed, but in 1808 Fernando called Fernando 7th now achieved to be king.	The first failed, but in 1808 Fernando called Fernando the 7th was crowned King.
However, when he arrived to Madrid, the Napoleon Army had already reached there	However, when he arrived in Madrid, the Napoleonic Army had already reached there.
Napoleon proposed to Fernando and his family a meeting with him.	Napoleon proposed a meeting with Fernando and his family
The meeting took place in Bayona, where Fernando resigned on his father Carlos 4th who also resigned on Napoleon.	The meeting took place in Bayona, where Fernando and his father Carlos 4th abdicated. Kings abdicate, workers resign
At last Napoleon gave the Spanish crown to his brother Jose, Jose 1st now.	Napoleon gave the Spanish crown to his brother Jose, who became Jose 1st.
While, in Madrid the crowd thought the king and his family had been kidnapped by the French emperor.	Meanwhile, in Madrid the crowd thought the King and his family had been kidnapped by the French Emperor.
So, the people began to flight against French army on May 2nd 1808.	So, the people began to flight against the French army on May 2nd 1808.
Years later the painter Francisco de Goya painted several scene from this cruel moment.	Years later the painter Francisco de Goya painted several scenes of this awful moment.
All Spanish towns fought against French soldiers, and nobody supported to Jose 1st.	All the Spanish towns fought against the French soldiers, and nobody supported Jose 1st.
The Spanish wanted that Fernando 7th would be back, and a lot people also wanted a liberal government with a democratic parliament.	The Spanish wanted Fernando 7th back, and a lot people also wanted a liberal government with a democratic parliament.
So, a parliament was met in Cadiz, in the south of Spain.	So, Parliament met in Cadiz, in the south of Spain.
This parliament did a liberal constitution, whereas the french attack the town.	This Parliament created a liberal constitution. This caused the French to attack the town.
The Spanish provisional government hadn’t a great army, but there were too many groups of volunteers which killed to French soldiers and stole his food.	The Spanish provisional government did not have a great army, but there were many groups of volunteers that killed French soldiers stole food.
At last, when Napoleon was won by Russians, and thanks to England army, the French army must to leave Spain.	At last, when Napoleon was defeated by the Russians, and thanks to England army, the French army was forced to leave Spain.
The first Man in Rome	The first Man in Rome
I am going to talk about the historical novel called "The First Man in Rome" by Colleen McCullough, who is a british woman writter.	I am going to talk about the historical novel "The First Man in Rome" by Colleen McCullough, who is a British writer. It's not really necessary to say that she's a woman-- we know that since Colleen is a feminine name.
The novel is about a important roman politican called Caius Marius.	The novel is about an important Roman politician called Gaius Marius.
He is de main character, although appearing others like Cornelius Silla, Metelus, and the Caesar's grandfather.	He is the main character, although others like Cornelius Silla, Metelus, and Caesar's grandfather also appear.
Marius didn't come from a important family, but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army.	Marius didn't come from an important family, but he became a consul because he was a clever and popular general in the Roman army.
So, after he was chose consul by the romans, he went to Afrika where he fought againt Yugurta who was king of Numidia.	So, after he was made consul by the Romans, he went to Africa, where he fought against Yugurta, who was king of Numidia.
Marius won the war in two years, and when he went back to Rome he was chose consul again during five years.	Marius won the war in two years, and when he went back to Rome he was made consul again for five years.
Marius won the war in two years, and when he went back to Rome he was chose consul again during five years.	Marius won the war within two years, and when he went back to Rome he was chose consul again during five years.
Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy, until in 100 B.	Marius had to fight other tribes in the north of Italy, until 100 B.
C.	C.
he must leave the power because he got sick.	He had to step down from power because he got sick.
he must leave the power because he got sick.	he must leave the power because he got sick.You could also say fell ill as another option.
today was a long day	Today was a long day
Im working today in my house, for spend more time with mi family, I saw even in spain, how the royalty give them a glorius welcome.	I worked today at my house and spent time with my family. I even saw Spain and how the royalty gave them a glorious welcome.
Im read book about nelson mandela, I admire him, did you know about him?	I read a book about Nelson Mandela. I admire him. Do you know him?
i need to improve english	I need to improve my English
im from costa rica i need to improve english skill	I'm from Costa Rica and I need to improve my English skills.
im from costa rica i need to improve english skill	I'm from Costa Rica and I need to improve my English skills.
Hi Everyone!	Hi Everyone!
Hi, lang-8 users!	Hi, lang-8 users!
Probably i am here to meet new people and new language.	Probably i am here to meet new people and new language.
I think that my English is not bad at all.	I think that my English is not bad at all.
I'm taking class of English in my town my level is 6 of 8 obviously that is a level of the school i don't know which level do i have for real.	I'm taking class of English in my town my level is 6 of 8 obviously that is a level of the school i don't know which level do i have for real.
My goal is learn english as much as possible to get a high score on TOEFL then Japanese is my next goal but what do you think?	My goal is learn english as much as possible to get a high score on TOEFL then Japanese is my next goal but what do you think?
Posted funny image	Posted funny image
HELP	HELP
HI, I WOULD LIKE TO LEARN ENGLISH, BUT I DON´T KNOW HOW CAN I DO IT, SOMEBODY CAN HELP ME PLEASE	Hi, I would like to learn English, but I don't know how I can do it. If anyone can help, Please help me.
my hero 	my hero 
Karen Torres González is my hero because: 	Karen Torres González is my hero because: 
She has 17 years old; she is student of the preparatory of Guadalajara, she has only one sister that has 8 years old, her father has 50 years old and work in a bank, her mother has 45 years old and is housewife.	She is 17 years old, and a student of the preparatory of Guadalajara. She has only one sister that is 8 years old; her father is 50 years old and works in a bank, while her mother is 45 years old and is a housewife.
She is tall and thin and has yellow hear and brown eyes and a beautiful smile.	She is tall and thin, and has yellow hair and brown eyes and a beautiful smile.
Karen wants to finish the preparatory school, and then go to the International University of Guadalajara.	Karen wants to finish the preparatory school, and then go to the International University of Guadalajara.
She has the best grades in her entere school.	She has the best grades in her entire school.
In her free time she takes care of green areas and the animals that need help, and on the weekends she goes to conferences about ecology.	In her free time she takes care of green areas and the animals that need help, and on the weekends she goes to conferences about ecology.
During her vacations she came to México City to try to do something to help to Chapultepec forest.	During her vacations she came to México City to try and do something to help the Chapultepec forest.
She is a big person, she cares to everyone person that meets, and for this I love her, and is my hero.	She is a great person, she cares for every person that she meets. For this I love her, and is my hero.
My Hero 	My Hero 
Karen Torres González is my hero because: 	Karen Torres González is my hero because: 
She has 17 years old; she is student of the preparatory of Guadalajara, she has only one sister that has 8 years old, her father has 50 years old and work in a bank, her mother has 45 years old and is housewife.	Karen is 17 years old. She is a student at the preparatory school of Guadalajara. She has a sister who is 8 years old. Her father is 50 years old and works in a bank, her mother is 45 and is a housewife.
She has 17 years old; she is student of the preparatory of Guadalajara, she has only one sister that has 8 years old, her father has 50 years old and work in a bank, her mother has 45 years old and is housewife.	She is 17 years old and is a student at the preparatory of Guadalajara. She only has one sister who is 8 years old. Her father is 50 years old and works at a bank. Her mother is 45 years old and she is a housewife.
She is tall and thin and has yellow hear and brown eyes and a beautiful smile.	She is tall and thin and has yellow hear and brown eyes and a beautiful smile.
Karen wants to finish the preparatory school, and then go to the International University of Guadalajara.	Karen wants to finish the preparatory school, and then go to the International University of Guadalajara.
She has the best grades in her entere school.	She has the best grades in her entere school.
In her free time she takes care of green areas and the animals that need help, and on the weekends she goes to conferences about ecology.	In her free time she takes care of green areas and the animals that need help, and on the weekends she goes to conferences about ecology.
During her vacations she came to México City to try to do something to help to Chapultepec forest.	During her vacations she came to México City to try to do something to help to Chapultepec forest.
She is a big person, she cares to everyone person that meets, and for this I love her, and is my hero.	She is a big-hearted person. She cares about every person that she meets. Because of this, she is my hero and I love her.
She is a big person, she cares to everyone person that meets, and for this I love her, and is my hero.	She is a big person who cares about every person she meets, and for this I love her she is my hero.
introduction	introduction
well this was the best start in japanese aI know.	well this was the best start in japanese I knew.
I will love to learn how to use hiragana in the computer...	I will love to learn how to use hiragana in the computer...
So far that is the only set of symbols I know...	So far that is the only set of symbols I know...
the next is katagana and kana...	the next is katagana and kana...
that is going to keep me busy several years ;).	that is going to keep me busy several years ;).
But it has a sorrow ending :( ...	But it has a sorrow ending :( ...
PS2: for japanese - romanji and romanji - japanese I found:	PS2: for japanese - romanji and romanji - japanese I found:
a nice long week	a nice long week
This week was filled with a lot of things.	This week was filled with a lot of things.
First, last Wednesday I did an exam at the university.	First, last Wednesday I took an exam at the university.
But the context was the one of a movie.	But the context was the one of a movie.
All that day was raining.	All day it was raining.
I went to the workplace (office) with the company of a soft water falling from a silver cloud.	I went to the workplace (office) with the company of a soft water falling from a silver cloud.
At lunch, a thin rain induced me to buy a delicious dish (empanadas).	At lunch, a light rain induced me to buy a delicious dish (empanadas).
When I was going to the university, it was raining really hard, and I got a headache.	When I was going to the university, it was raining really hard, and I got a headache.
I solve the exam really fast, and then I went home, to slept.	I finished the exam really fast and then I went home to sleep.
The last Thursday I had to inscribe me to the courses of this semester.	Last Thursday I had to sign up for the courses of this semester. "this semester's courses" would sound better.
I choose some subjects, that will allow me to keep working while studding.	I chose some subjects that will allow me to keep working while studying.
my career, engineering, really takes time to be completed, and it is really easy to lost years if you do not pass one subject in time.	My career, engineering, really takes time to be completed, and it is really easy to lose years if you do not pass one subject in time.
Some times, because of being at work, you could not assit and looses exams, just a little problem, with a big impact on your life.	Sometimes, because of being at work, you could not assit and looses exams, just a little problem, with a big impact on your life.  Sorry, I don't understand what you are trying to say with "assit and looses".   
I started this week to study, I feel condifent I will have a nice semester.	I started to study this week , I feel confident I will have a nice semester.
A good news is that a coworker lend me a book about kanji...	A bit of good news is that a coworker lent me a book about kanji...
all written in japanese.	all written in Japanese.
It will take time to digest it, but it will be so sweet to read it that I am really happy about that.	It will take time to digest it, but it will be so sweet to read it that I am really happy about that.
Nowadays my current topic at Japanese is to end learning katakana, that is why I have to wait until I could learn more vocabulary, verbs in particular.	Nowadays my current topic in Japanese is to end learning katakana. That is why I have to wait until I learn more vocabulary, verbs in particular.
Planets in japanese	Planets in japanese
While I was looking for the name of the days of the week in japanese I had some trouble.	While I was looking for the name of the days of the week in japanese I had some trouble.
for a first point of view, there were no common ground with the spanish or english equivalents.	for a first point of view, there were no common ground with the spanish or english equivalents.
That ass why I started to do some research.	That ass why I started to do some research.
I came up with the origin of the names.	I came up with the origin of the names.
And for my good surprice, there is a lot in common.	And for my good surprice, there is a lot in common.
The spanish and english names are based on the name of the planets, the same goes to the japanese names...	The spanish and english names are based on the name of the planets, the same goes to the japanese names...
The only point when I got confused and have to invest more in is the origen of the names of the planets in japanese...	The only point when I got confused and have to invest more in is the origen of the names of the planets in japanese...
doing so, the days of the week will be mastered in no so much time, because tuesday (tor-Mars-fire), in japanese is kayoubi when ka is fire and easily related to Mars.	doing so, the days of the week will be mastered in no so much time, because tuesday (tor-Mars-fire), in japanese is kayoubi when ka is fire and easily related to Mars.
But wednesday (from german good Woden, is related to the planet Mercury), but that is the japanese water planet, that is way wednesday is in japanese suiyoubi, the water day.	But wednesday (from german good Woden, is related to the planet Mercury), but that is the japanese water planet, that is way wednesday is in japanese suiyoubi, the water day.
Thas is why, if I get to know the relation between the japanese name of the planets and the planets itself, I could finish this list and understand it (the base of knowing ;) ).	Thas is why, if I get to know the relation between the japanese name of the planets and the planets itself, I could finish this list and understand it (the base of knowing ;) ).
learning this way is quite funny (divertido).	learning this way is quite funny (divertido).
by the way, I post a more detailed explanation at http://fiubando.blogspot.com/2009/05/sobre-los-dias-de-la-semana.html in spanish.	by the way, I post a more detailed explanation at http://fiubando.blogspot.com/2009/05/sobre-los-dias-de-la-semana.html in spanish.
And I found http://www.livemocha.com/, it is not the same as lang-8, but it is a nice complement for this special lovely site.	And I found http://www.livemocha.com/, it is not the same as lang-8, but it is a nice complement for this special lovely site.
honjitsu	honjitsu
honjitsu wa amegafuru.	kyou wa amegafutta. "ｋｙｏｕ"es más natural que "honjitsu"
hoy llovió.	hoy llovió.
You could see a gray canva all over the sky...	You could see a gray canva all over the sky...
waiting for being colored.	waiting for being colored.
honjitsu wa suki dewa arimasen.	kyou wa suki dewa arimasen.
hoy no me gustó mucho.	hoy no me gustó mucho.
That sky invited me to think too much, to travel aborad of a train called imagination to another countries.	That sky invited me to think too much, to travel aborad of a train called imagination to another countries.
shikashi, honjitsu wa anohitotachi shinobu.	shikashi, kyou wa anohitotachi wo shinobu.
sin embargo, hoy recordé a personas (muy queridas para mi).	sin embargo, hoy recordé a personas (muy queridas para mi).
I remember nice memories, and I though that it is only a matter of keep going with lovely people having good moments to share in our hearts for times like today.	I remember nice memories, and I though that it is only a matter of keep going with lovely people having good moments to share in our hearts for times like today.
takara, honjitsu wa sugoi.	dakara, kyou wa sugoi.
por eso, hoy me encantó.	por eso, hoy me encantó.
because, the sky it is just a companion travel in our lifes.	because, the sky it is just a companion travel in our lifes.
PD: I used romanji because I am finishing some changes in the firefox extension	PD: I used romanji because I am finishing some changes in the firefox extension.
a good book	a good book
In monday I started another university book.	On Monday I started another university book.
It is an not so old book, but enought old to have its pages "old yellow" .	It is not a very old book, but old enough to have its pages "old yellow" .
That color, that the time gave it, is nice to the eyes, because does not hurt you view.	That color, that the time gave it, is nice to the eyes, because it does not hurt your view.
Some new books have its pages so white that looking at them is like looking at the sun, so bright.	Some new books have its pages so white that looking at them is like looking at the bright sun,
Another nice thing of an old book it its smell....	Another nice thing about old books is its smell....
they smell in a really special way, that give me a peaceful sensation that I really like.	they smell in a really special way, that gives me a peaceful sensation that I really like.
Yes, I love books, and in particulary old books.	Yes, I love books, and in particular old books.
This book is about complex analisys, a field of mathematics.	This book is about complex analysis of a field of mathematics.
It is not so easy to understant, because left several parts of the demostration to the reader, or asume that the reader knows things that nowadays aren't teached in school.	It is not very easy to understand, because it left several parts of the demostration to the reader, or it assumes that the reader knows things that nowadays aren't taught in school.
Anyway, it is really clear, and so enjoyable.	Anyway, it is really clear, and very enjoyable.
(I must look for another word instead of using "so", every time).	(I must look for another word instead of using "so", every time).
Looking for someone to learn together	Looking for someone to learn together
While I am spending a big amount of time studying for the university, I found really useful to learn in groups.	While I am spending a big amount of time studying for the university, I found really useful to learn in groups.
But first I think it is necesary to give some context to this story.	But first I think it is necesary to give some context to this story.
At the university, there is no classmates, at least, no classmates that will course with you the same courses over the carrerer.	At the university, there is no classmates, at least, no classmates that will course with you the same courses over the carrerer.
That is way, having a groups of friends to study together is great.	That is way, having a groups of friends to study together is great.
It helps to develop some relations over time and to follow in a closser manner others carreres, support them and share experience on how to achieve the common goal of getting a degree (or diploma?).	It helps to develop some relations over time and to follow in a closser manner others carreres, support them and share experience on how to achieve the common goal of getting a degree (or diploma?).
I usually spend saturday and sunday evening (from 2 to 6 pm) in this activity.	I usually spend saturday and sunday evening (from 2 to 6 pm) in this activity.
By the way, I was thinking of how nice would be to construct relationships with local persons that seriously are learing japanese.	By the way, I was thinking of how would be nice to construct relationships with local persons that seriously were learing japanese.
That way, both of us could have an accountable to keep track and make recomendations about eachother progress.	ByThat way, both of us could have an accountable to keep track and make recomendations about eachother progress.
Perhaps that partnert could be an lang-8 user, that would be nice too, but I am starting this search.	Probably that partner could be an lang-8 user, that would be nice too, so I am starting this search.
In some time I hope to have some news to tell to my dear lang-8 friends about this...	 some time I hope to have some newsabout this to tell to my dear lang-8 friends ...
Because, learning languages is a beautyful human social activity.	Because, learning languages is a beautyful human social activity.
At some point I loose the focus.	At some point I lost the focus.
Today it is ligth pink and I hope that in some days I will be completelly fine.	Today it is light pink and I hope that in some days I will be completely fine.
PS: this note was written yesterday, but i forget to public (yes my home computer wasn't shut down since a long time ago)	PS: this note was written yesterday, but i forget to public (yes my home computer wasn't shut down since a long time ago)
bussy - isogashii	bussy - isogashii
It had been a long time since my last post.	It had been a long time since my last post.
That is because a lot of interesting (omoshiroi) things had happened.	That is because a lot of interesting (omoshiroi) things had happened.
From work and study to more time spending with new good friends (tomodachi).	From work and study to more time spending with new good friends (tomodachi).
It is unthinkable how fast the time goes when you are having a great time.	It is unthinkable how fast the time goes when you are having a great time.
I am doing my best (watashi ga ganbare), and I am really enjoing it, no matter if thing not always go as smooth as I can wish.	I am doing my best (watashi ha ganbaru), and I am really enjoing it, no matter if thing not always go as smooth as I can wish.
This note is bassicaly an 'i am back' (tadaima)...	This note is bassicaly an 'i am back' (tadaima)...
just that :).	just that :).
By the way, I cant stop using some japanese words while speaking or thinking, it is like those are becoming part of mine, and it feels good (kimochii) :D.	By the way, I cant stop using some japanese words while speaking or thinking, it is like those are becoming part of mine, and it feels good (kimochii) :D.
my steps towards learning japanese	my steps towards learning japanese
It had been a long time.	It has been a long time.
Actually some days, but I feel like ages had passed.	Actually just days, but I feel like ages have passed.
The last days I was reading and studing japanesse.	For the past days I have been reading and studying Japanese.
I know some basic grammar and rules.	I know some basic grammar and rules.
And I learned hiragana, besides I still have some problem with the union of two silabes, the _i followed with an y_ , because I am still not fluently with those sounds.	And I learned hiragana, but I still have some problem with the union of two syllables, the _i followed with a y_ , because I am still not fluent with those sounds.
Now I am looking at two big islands of the japanesse language word.	Now I am looking at two big islands * of the Japanese language; vocabulary and verb conjugation.  * Maybe you mean "challenges" or "steps"?
By the way, yesterday I learned about the -i adjetives.	By the way, yesterday I learned about the -i adjetives.
They are pretty nice, because they can change to allow time reference and negation...	They are pretty nice, because they can change to allow time reference and negation...
The -na adjetives must be used with the na particle between the adjetive and the noun, it is not so difficult.	The -na adjetives must be used with the na particle between the adjetive and the noun, it is not very difficult.
The little problem is to start learning the i and na adjetives and try to do not mistake them.	The little problem is learning the i and na adjetives and trying not to mistake them.
I really start to love the complete way of learning japanesse, I mean:	I'm really beginning to love the complete way of learning Japanese, I mean:
Learn a word, its meaning, its kanji if it has some, a story to relate the word, meaning and kanji.	Learn a word, its meaning, its kanji if it has some, a story to relate the word, meaning and kanji.
And I am looking for a site like that but with word catalogized.	And I am looking for a site like that but with word catagorized.
Then I could read about the body part vocabulary or the family vocabulary or free time activities.	Then I could read about the body part vocabulary, the family vocabulary or free time activities.
The near of that that I went it is the "remember the kana" book.	The closest to that I've seen is the "remember the kana" book.
It grouped similar symbols and teach you every little detail of it.	It grouped similar symbols and teach you every little detail about them.
Moments	Moments
I am officially in the university period.	I am officially in the university period.
I am reading some books while rescheduling loads of things to get the things done.	I am reading some books while rescheduling loads of things to get the things done.
Because of work, I will skip some lectures, and I ask a friend of mine to record them in mp3, I hope that with the audio and the book I could manage to pass the course.	Because of work, I will skip some lectures, and I ask a friend of mine to record them in mp3, I hope that with the audio and the book I could manage to pass the course.
It is really not the same as going, as seeing, as feeling the class.	It is really not the same as going, as seeing, as feeling the class.
But it is that I can do by now.	But it is that I can do by now.
In another line, last Saturday a friend family gave a party.		In another line, last Saturday a friend family gave a party.
And it was great, good food, nice music, an splendid moment.	And it was great, good food, nice music, an splendid moment.
Until the dance started...	Until the dance started...
I have to say that I do not know how to dance...	I have to say that I do not know how to dance...
Said that, I have to say that I did not care that :).	Said that, I have to say that I did not care that :).
I enjoyed dancing, and the girls that danced with me were really brave :)...	I enjoyed dancing, and the girls that danced with me were really brave :)...
Yes they are really good friends of mine.	Yes they are really good friends of mine.
That is why I decided to learn how to dance.	That is why I decided to learn how to dance.
I am not sure about how rhythm it is the ideal to start.	I am not sure about how rhythm it is the ideal to start.
May be I will do a course that teach the basic of several ones.	May be I will do a course that teach the basic of several ones.
Another friend told me that he lend to a friend of both a cd with a course of dancing!...	Another friend told me that he lend to a friend of both a cd with a course of dancing!...
I can not believe that there is a cd for that...	I can not believe that there is a cd for that...
I still want the classic way, with a patient teacher avoiding my feet.	I still want the classic way, with a patient teacher avoiding my feet.
I restarted to study in group last Saturday too.	I restarted to study in group last Saturday too.
Actually, we are in different careers and in different universities.	Actually, we are in different careers and in different universities.
But it is really helpful for us.	But it is really helpful for us.
While one is reading maths, another is reading physics or chemistry.	While one is reading maths, another is reading physics or chemistry.
If one gets a dude, another will try to solve it.	If one gets a dude, another will try to solve it.
Since, in this semester I am not able to go to class, it is really important, either in a human fashion as in a academic way.	Since, in this semester I am not able to go to class, it is really important, either in a human fashion as in a academic way.
By the way, I will write mainly in English, until I could manage to write a little bit better in Japanese.	By the way, I will write mainly in English, until I could manage to write a little bit better in Japanese.
I am doing my best but I still need some basic vocabulary.	I am doing my best but I still need some basic vocabulary.
Perhaps I will post some resume I made on vocabulary (parts of body, name of jobs, basic actions), because I progress better in the grammatical aspect than in expanding my vocabulary.	Perhaps I will post some resume I made on vocabulary (parts of body, name of jobs, basic actions), because I progress better in the grammatical aspect than in expanding my vocabulary.
Time will se if I take this or that course of actions, but oe thing is sure, I really, really love japanese =).	Time will se if I take this or that course of actions, but oe thing is sure, I really, really love japanese =).
rotohi 0.1	rotohi 0.1
well this is my first firefox extension (I had been always doing xul apps, not extensions...)	well this is my first firefox extension (I had been always doing xul apps, not extensions...)
I hope it can help to others as much as it is helping me ;)	I hope it can help to others as much as it is helping me ;)
Please tell me if it have a problem, bug or something to improve it.	Please tell me if it have a problem, bug or something to improve it.
Job Interview	Job Interview
I will probably be nervous at the beginning of the presentation.	I will probably be nervous at the beginning of the interview.
That’s because I am involved in a recruiting process in order to get a job.	That’s because I am involved in a recruiting process in order to get a job.
The process is very advanced.	The process is very advanced.
I know that the company wants to hire me, and also I want to work at the company...	I know that the company wants to hire me, and also I want to work at the company, but there is one challenge: I need to demonstrate an acceptable English level.
But there is a last challenge: I need to demonstrate an acceptable English level.	But there is a last challenge: I need to demonstrate an acceptable English level.
Believe me, that’s a unique opportunity for me at this moment of my career.	Believe me, this is a unique opportunity for me at this moment of my career.
After 11 years working in Financial Companies , I’m moving to an insurance company.	After 11 years working in Financial Companies , I’m moving to an insurance company.
As you know, we are in the middle of a big financial crisis.	As you know, we are in the middle of a big financial crisis.
These are very difficult times in financial institutions, and my company is involved in a merging process.	These are very difficult times in financial institutions, and my company is involved in a merging process.
In that scenario, the core business will be located in Madrid, and the human resources department is asking to me if I want to go to Madrid.	In that scenario, the core business will be located in Madrid, and the Human Resources department is asking to me if I want to go to Madrid.
I’m open to listen proposals, but I have a 2 years old child and my wife has a stable work here, so moving to Madrid is quite complicated.	I’m open to considering proposals, but I have a 2 year old, and my wife has a stable work here, so moving to Madrid would be quite complicated.
In this situation, the real possibility to still working in Barcelona is exciting.	In this situation, the possibility of continuing to work in Barcelona is exciting.
My wife works in a Technological Centre, she is in charge to manage part of the Spanish government funds to promote investigation and environmental research.	My wife works in a Technological Centre. Her job is to manage part of the Spanish government funds to promote investigation and environmental research.
Talking about mi son's name	Talking about mi son's name
I have a 2 years old child.	I have a 2 years old child.
His name is Aeneas; maybe you know the history behind the name.	His name is Aeneas; maybe you know the history behind the name.
Do you want me to explain it briefly?	Do you want me to explain it briefly?
In Greco-Roman mythology, Aeneas was a Trojan hero, the son of the prince Anchises and the goddess Aphrodite.	In Greco-Roman mythology, Aeneas was a Trojan hero, the son of the prince Anchises and the goddess Aphrodite.
He is the mythological founder of Rome.	He is the mythological founder of Rome.
The journey of Aeneas from Troy to Rome, full of avatars, is recounted in Virgil's Aeneid, a master piece of Latin literature.	The journey of Aeneas from Troy to Rome, full of avatars, is recounted in Virgil's Aeneid, a master piece of Latin literature.
Aeneas is considered an important figure in Greek and Roman legend and history.	Aeneas is considered an important figure in Greek and Roman legend and history.
Also Aeneas is a character in Homer's Iliad.	Also Aeneas is a character in Homer's Iliad.
Maybe you remember Troy, the Wolfgang’s Petersen movie.	Maybe you remember Troy, the Wolfgang’s Petersen movie.
Is an adaptation of Homer’s Classic, and its cast includes Brad Pitt as Achilles, Eric Bana as Hector, Orlando Bloom as Paris… and many others.	Is an adaptation of Homer’s Classic, and its cast includes Brad Pitt as Achilles, Eric Bana as Hector, Orlando Bloom as Paris… and many others.
At the end of the movie, while the city is burning, Paris gives the sword of troy to Aeneas.	At the end of the movie, while the city is burning, Paris gives the sword of troy to Aeneas.
These are his words:	These are his words:
"The sword of Troy.	"The sword of Troy.
As long as it remains in the hands of a Trojan our people will have a future.	As long as it remains in the hands of a Trojan our people will have a future.
Protect them, Aeneas.	Protect them, Aeneas.
Find them a new home."	Find them a new home."
This new home will be Rome, but that’s another history.	This new home will be Rome, but that’s another history.
In fact, Virgil was payed from the Roman Empire to wrote the Aeneid as an attempt to create a relationship path between Greek gods and Roman Emperors.	In fact, Virgil was payed from the Roman Empire to wrote the Aeneid as an attempt to create a relationship path between Greek gods and Roman Emperors.
Article about Stereotypes	Article about Stereotypes
STEREOTYPES- WHAT PEOPLE USUALLY THINK ABOUT YOU	STEREOTYPES- WHAT PEOPLE USUALLY THINK ABOUT YOU
When you enter a room people usually categorize you depending on the way you walk, the way you dress, and even the way you talk, it is something that sometimes can be annoying, however, we cannot help it.	When you enter a room people usually categorize you depending on the way you walk, the way you dress, and even the way you talk. It is something that sometimes can be annoying, however, we cannot help it.
Several people say that they really do not care about general opinion, but unconsciously we are always doing things to get a certain “approval” of that people, at least we care about what some people close to us might think about us.	Several people say that they really do not care about general opinion, but unconsciously we are always doing things to get a certain “approval” of that people, at least we care about what some people close to us might think about us.
In that way we start creating a certain style which includes cloth, colors, make up, vocabulary, gestures, places that we usually attend, etc and by doing so we receive a label that place us on a certain group or subculture.	In that way we start creating a certain style which includes clothing, colors, make up, vocabulary, gestures, places that we usually attend, etc and by doing so we receive a label that place us on a certain group or subculture.
All of this leads me to the firm conclusion that our nature guides us to the tendency of classifying everything, even human beings.	All of this leads me to the firm conclusion that our nature guides us to the tendency of classifying everything, even human beings.
My Little World	My Little World
Geoff I'm good, I live in the capital of Santiago de Chile, I have my own apartment every day I visit my friends who do these wild parties bother me not providing the department after a stressful week at work the only thing Desire is a party with them, this day was a rainy day, such that a cup of coffee, a cigarette and looking out the window is the only thing I feel like, so I conclude this brief excerpt from my life now to bed:)	Geoff I'm good, I live in the capital of Santiago de Chile, I have my own apartment every day I visit my friends who do these wild parties bother me not providing the department after a stressful week at work the only thing Desire is a party with them, this day was a rainy day, such that a cup of coffee, a cigarette and looking out the window is the only thing I feel like, so I conclude this brief excerpt from my life now to bed:)
Colombian English teacher	Colombian English teacher
I really like to teach what I know about this language and I am very interested in practicing it through this page and of course use it for my classes, if possible, so I would appreciate if i can get in touch with any native speaker, thanks in advanced.	I really like to teach what I know about this language, and I am very interested in practicing it through this page, also of course use it for my classes, if possible, so I would appreciate if I can get in touch with any native speaker, thanks in advanced.
Today	Today
Today is a stressfull day, I need prepare my job interview before that  I arrived to Mexico on Thursday night.	Today is a stressful day, I need to prepare for my job interview before I arrive in Mexico on Thursday night.
Furthermore Im a little sad because I going to leave here my new friends.	Furthermore I'm a little sad because I'm going to leave my new friends here.
I was working in an Italian restaurante until the last saturday..	I was working in an Italian restaurant until the last Saturday..
they don´t pay me!	They didn´t pay me!
they only gave me tips.	They only gave me tips.
:(	:(
I went to Universal Studios on Sunday.	I went to Universal Studios on Sunday.
Was  very funny, I tooke many pictures!!	It was very fun, I took many pictures!!
and bought some souvenirs, the only thing that I didn´t like was the long lines for attractions :X!	and bought some souvenirs, the only thing that I didn´t like was the long lines for attractions :X!
hi	hi
today i going  to the sotore  and shoping.	Today I am going  to the store and shop.
today i going  to the sotore  and shoping.	Today, I am going shopping.
Later i going eat with friends afther that we going to my friend house and we all wacth movies and listen music.	Later I am going to eat with friends after that we are going to my friend's house and we all are going to watch movies and listen to music.
Later i going eat with friends afther that we going to my friend house and we all wacth movies and listen music.	Later I  am going to eat with friends. After that, we are going to my friend's house and to watch movies and listen to music.
some on my music the i like is spanish and  hip hop  music .	Some of my music that I like is spanish and hip-hop music .
some on my music the i like is spanish and  hip hop  music .	Some of the music that I like is Spanish and hip hop.
i have   a good  day today .	I had a good day today .
i have   a good  day today .	I had a good  day today .
help me with this :	help me with this :
is really hot here in japan .	It is really hot here in Japan .
and i cant believe i still no have the chance for go to the bech yet .	I can't believe I still don't have the chance to go to the beach yet .
is  sucks i really  want get tan in stop  think about all the problem i have with family and drama with my friends.	It sucks. I really want to get a tan and stop thinking about all the problems I have with my family and drama with my friends.
CONVERSATION	CONVERSATION
VIR: Hi dear!!	VIR: Hi dear!!
LUI: Hi baby!	LUI: Hi baby!
What´s the day liked?	What´s the day liked?
Have you got too work?	Have you got too work?
VIR: Oh yes!	VIR: Oh yes!
But...	But...
I have a good news!!	I have a good news!!
This weekend I´m going to be free.	This weekend I´m going to be free.
I don´t have to work.	I don´t have to work.
What can we do?	What can we do?
Do you want to go to any place?	Do you want to go to any place?
LUIS: You don´t have to work!	LUIS: You don´t have to work!
Ok!	Ok!
It´s fantastic!	It´s fantastic!
We could go to celebrate our anniversary.	We could go to celebrate our anniversary.
Do you want to go to Aranjuez?	Do you want to go to Aranjuez?
I know a fantastic hotel with SPA.	I know a fantastic hotel with SPA.
VIR: Aranjuez...	VIR: Aranjuez...
yes, but …Do you want to stay all the weekend there?	yes, but …Do you want to stay all the weekend there?
Or only one day?	Or only one day?
LUIS: No, I want to stay all the weekend there…without stress, only relaxing days.	LUIS: No, I want to stay all the weekend there…without stress, only relaxing days.
We can stay in a romantic Hotel, for example.	We can stay in a romantic Hotel, for example.
VIR: It´s good idea…but I prefer to go to Aranjuez one day only and then we could visit another city.	VIR: It´s good idea…but I prefer to go to Aranjuez one day only and then we could visit another city.
LUIS: What city do you want to visit?	LUIS: What city do you want to visit?
Segovia perhaps?	Segovia perhaps?
VIR: Would you like to visit Salamanca?	VIR: Would you like to visit Salamanca?
LUIS:  Salamanca one more time?	LUIS:  Salamanca one more time?
Oh no!	Oh no!
Choose another city, please.	Choose another city, please.
We have visited Salamanca yet.	We have visited Salamanca yet.
VIR: OK, I liked so much Salamanca last year but If you don´t want to go there again…I think that Segovia is a good idea then.	VIR: OK, I liked so much Salamanca last year but If you don´t want to go there again…I think that Segovia is a good idea then.
LUIS: Perfect!	LUIS: Perfect!
We are going to Segovia on Saturday and to Aranjuez on Sunday.	We are going to Segovia on Saturday and to Aranjuez on Sunday.
VIR: No , no…I think that Aranjuez on Saturday is better because is nearest of Madrid.	VIR: No , no…I think that Aranjuez on Saturday is better because is nearest of Madrid.
We don’t have to return too late on Sunday.	We don’t have to return too late on Sunday.
LUIS: Yes, but Aranjuez is more relaxing than Segovia.	LUIS: Yes, but Aranjuez is more relaxing than Segovia.
I prefer to have a rest the last day.	I prefer to have a rest the last day.
What do you think?	What do you think?
VIR:  Aranjuez on Saturday definitely.	VIR:  Aranjuez on Saturday definitely.
LUI: Well, ok…I´m agree with you.	LUI: Well, ok…I´m agree with you.
VIR: So am I!	VIR: So am I!
The place where I live	The place where I live
I live in Madrid, the capital of Spain.	I live in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
It´s the largest city and the most populated in Spain.	It´s the largest city and the most populated in Spain.
The population of the city is approximately 3.3 million people.	The population of the city is approximately 3.3 million people.
It´s a lovely and beautiful city.	It´s a lovely and beautiful city.
There are a lot of magnificent Parks where you can walk and watch the sunset.	There are a lot of magnificent parks where you can walk and watch the sunset.
Madrid has a lot of types of museums such as The Prado Museum or The Reina Sofia museum and Art Centre.	Madrid has a lot of types of museums such as The Prado Museum or The Reina Sofia Museum and Art Centre.
It´s a cultural place wich has many interesting places to visit.	It´s a cultural place which has many interesting places to visit.
The most emblematic place is The Puerta del Sol.	The most emblematic place is The Puerta del Sol.
In the square, you can find the most famous clock in the city, whose strokes mark beginning of The New Year.	In the square, you can find the most famous clock in the city, whose strokes mark beginning of The New Year.
The weather is very cold in winter and very hot in summer.	The weather is very cold in winter and very hot in summer.
Sometimes the winter can be rainy.	Sometimes the winter can be rainy.
We have a good temperature in general.	We have a good temperatures in general.
Madrid is famous for the gastronomy.	Madrid is famous for its cuisine.
One of the Madrid´s attractions for the tourist are the “Tapas”.	One of the Madrid´s attractions for the tourist are the “Tapas”.
There are many bars and taverns where you can enjoy them and drink the best wines.	There are many bars and taverns where you can enjoy them and drink the best wines.
The best thing about Madrid is the culture.	The best thing about Madrid is the culture.
Nevertheless, People aren´t too polite, not in all cases, but normally people are unfriendly.	Nevertheless, People aren´t too polite, but normally are unfriendly.
That´s the main reason why I could live in other city.	That´s the main reason why I could live in other city.
Hello!!	Hello!!
My name is Virginia.	My name is Virginia.
I am a student of English at Offical School of Languages.	I am a student of English at the Offical School of Languages.
I am new in this page.	I am new to this site.
I am new in this page.	I am new in this website.
I am new in this page.	I am new to this website.
I would like to improve my english and It could help me.	I would like to improve my English and it could help me.
I have learned english since I was a child, but It´s my first offical course.	I have been learning English since I was a child, but this is my first official course.
I am very happy for this.	I am very happy about this.
Nice to meet you  =) 	Nice to meet you  =) 
A formal Email	A formal Email
Dear Sir / Madam,	Dear Sir / Madam,
I am writing to ask for some information about Thai Cookery courses.	I am writing to ask for some information about Thai Cookery courses.
I am a student of English at the Official School of Languages, I am 23 and I am really interested in learning the Thai Cookery´s customs.	I am a student of English at the Official School of Languages, I am 23 and I am really interested in learning the Thai Cookery´s customs.
I need to improve my English and also it would help me.	I need to improve my English and also it would help me. -> help you in...? it seems quite strange, I think you have to finish this sentence somehow... ;)
The next year, I did an Italian Cookery course.	Last year, I did an Italian Cookery course.
It was an unforgettable experience.	It was an unforgettable experience.
Cooking is very relaxing and makes me feel so good.	Cooking is very relaxing and makes me feel so good.
I love to travel to other countries and to know different people.	I love to travel to other countries and to meet different people.
I would like ask to you the cost of the courses and more details about accommodation.	I would like to ask you about the costs of the courses and get to know more details about accommodation.
Could you tell me how long the courses are?	Could you tell me how long the courses last?
If It is possible, I would want to do a one-month course.	If It is possible, I would like to do a one-month course.
Could you please send me information about the program?	Could you please send me some information about the program?
I look forward to hearing from you	I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully	Yours faithfully, 
Virginia 	Virginia 
Hello everybody!	Hello everybody!
Hello everybody!	Hello everybody!
I found lang-8 a couple of days ago.	I found lang-8 a couple of days ago.
I thought it was a very interesting page, so I decided to register.	I thought it was a very interesting site, so I decided to register.
I've never seen before anything similar, where you could help other people who are studying your nother language, and where you can be helped.	I've never seen anything similar before, where you can help other people who are studying your mother language, and where you can also be helped.
At the moment, I'm still getting used to using this page: where to write, how to correct other people, groups ...	At the moment, I'm still getting used to using this site: where to write, how to correct other people, groups ...
I can understand English quite well, however, I'm not used to write it, this is why I usually make basics (and not so basics) mistakes.	I can understand English quite well, however, I'm not used to writing it, this is why I usually make basic (and not so basic) mistakes.
I hope I can improve my English as time goes by	I hope I can improve my English as time goes by
preguntar	preguntar
Me gustaria aprender por ahora lo basico del ingles pero basico enn el sentido de todo..	I would like to currently learn English, but first get a sense of the basics ... 
para luego aprenderlo mejor	and then learn more.
Spanish Civil War	The Spanish Civil War
The Spanish Civil War was a conflict between republicans and nationalists.	The Spanish Civil War was a conflict between republicans and nationalists.
The rebellion started on July 17, 1936 in Morocco.	The rebellion started on July 17, 1936 in Morocco.
The day after, the rebellion continued in the Iberian Peninsula.	The day after, the rebellion continued in the Iberian Peninsula.
The first objective of nationalists was to take up Madrid and win the war quickly.	The first objective of the nationalists was to take over Madrid and win the war quickly.
The first objective of nationalists was to take up Madrid and win the war quickly.	The first objective of the nationalists was to take over Madrid and win the war quickly.
Nationalists couldn't to take up Madrid because republicans resisted with help of URSS.	Nationalists couldn't to take over Madrid because the republicans resisted with help of the URSS.
Nationalists couldn't to take up Madrid because republicans resisted with help of URSS.	The nationalists couldn't take over Madrid because the republicans resisted with the help of the URSS.
Then, nationalists tried to cut off Madrid.	Then, the nationalists tried to cut off Madrid.
Nationalists lost the “Batalla del Jarama” and “Batalla de Guadalajara” in 1936	The nationalists lost the “Batalla del Jarama” and “Batalla de Guadalajara” in 1936.
Nationalists lost the “Batalla del Jarama” and “Batalla de Guadalajara” in 1936	Nationalists lost the “Batalla del Jarama” and the “Batalla de Guadalajara” in 1936.
URSS and French helped republicans with International Brigades and tanks called, T-24.	The URSS and French helped republicans with International Brigades and tanks called, T-24.
URSS and French helped republicans with International Brigades and tanks called, T-24.	The URSS and the French helped the republicans with International Brigades and tanks called T-24s.
Mussolini helped nationalists with tanks called “Fiat Ansaldo”.	Mussolini helped the nationalists with tanks called “Fiat Ansaldo”.
Mussolini helped nationalists with tanks called “Fiat Ansaldo”.	Mussolini helped nationalists with tanks called “Fiat Ansaldos”.
Hitler too helped nationalists with a terrible troop called Condor Legion.	Hitler too helped the nationalists with a terrible troop called Condor Legion.
Hitler too helped nationalists with a terrible troop called Condor Legion.	Hitler also helped the nationalists with a terrible unit called the Condor Legion.
The next objective of nationalists was to take up the north of Spain.	The next objective of the nationalists was to take up the north of Spain.
The next objective of nationalists was to take up the north of Spain.	The next objective of nationalists was to take the north of Spain.
The Condor Legion bombed Gernika, and Picasso painted it.	The Condor Legion bombed Gernika, and Picasso painted the event.
Spain was divided in half, so Nationalists began the attack of the Mediterraneo to cut off the republic zone in 1938.	Spain was divided in half, so the Nationalists began the attack of the Mediterraneo to cut off the republic zone in 1938.
Republicans knew that they were losing then they began the battle of the Ebro.	The Republicans knew that they were losing then they began the battle of the Ebro.
Republicans knew that they were losing then they began the battle of the Ebro.	The Republicans knew that they were losing, so they began the battle of the Ebro.
Republicans army was massacred and nationalists army could to take up all Catalonia.	The Republican's army was massacred and the nationalists army took over all Catalonia.
Republicans army was massacred and nationalists army could to take up all Catalonia.	The Republican army was massacred and the nationalist army was able to take all of Catalonia.
Republican zone didn't have aliments and the people was hungry.	The Republican zone didn't have food and the people were hungry.
In April of 1939 nationalists won the war and, they took up all Spain without resistence.	In April of 1939 the nationalists won the war and took over all of Spain without resistence.
i love ny	I love NY.
i love ny, 	i love ny, 
ny is the most important cities of america; i love to walk around the city an buy a lot, because u find great prices and u find everything.	New York is one of the most important cities of America. I love to walk around the city and buy a lot, because you find great prices and you find everything.
i'm confused	I'm Confused
i think i come here to learn some english, but i don't understand this lang-8	i think i come here to learn some english, but i don't understand this lang-8
Super Junior	Super Junior
Super Junior were formed back in 2005 by the agency SM Entertainment.	Super Junior were formed back in 2005 by the agency SM Entertainment.
The members of the group are specialized in musical entertainment and actuation	The members of the group are specialized in musical entertainment and actuation.
The leader is Leeteuk, because he is the oldest in the group, the age is very important in Korea.	The leader is Leeteuk, because he is the oldest in the group, the age is very important in Korea.
Over the last few years, Super Junior make many songs.	Over the last few years, Super Junior have recorded many songs.
Kan Gim, one of the members doesnt sing in the concerts these days because he decided to go to the military service.	Kan Gim, one of the members, doesn't sing in the concerts these days because he decided to enter the military .
One thing that helped make them famous was their video for Bomanama, because it is an interesting and a funny song.	One thing that helped make them famous was their video for Bomanama, because it is an interesting and a funny song.
Nowadays, Super Junior is very popular in korean and others countries of Asia and America, in special Latinoamerica.	Nowadays, Super Junior is very popular in Korea and other countries in Asia and America, in special LatinAmerica.
A controversial topic	A controversial topic
The gay marriage	The gay marriage
Nowadays, People have the right to get married, it is a right for everyone but what do you think about the gay marriage?	Nowadays, People have the right to get married, it is a right for everyone but what do you think about the gay marriage?
Firstly, some people same that everyone have the right to be happy and the law is the same for all.	Firstly, some people say that everyone has the right to be happy and the law is the same for all.
For that reason, there should not matter the sexual orientation.	For that reason, sexual orientation should not matter.
Besides, many experts believe that children raised by homosexual couples grow as well as children raised by heterosexual couples.	Besides, many experts believe that children raised by homosexual couples grow as well as children raised by heterosexual couples.
However, religious people think that God only created man and woman to form a family.	However, religious people think that God only created man and woman to form a family.
Also, many people say that the adoptation only be allowed to heterosexual couples because children could be confused in a gay marriage.	Also, many people say that the adoption should only be allowed to heterosexual couples because children could be confused in a gay marriage.
Personally, I think the gay marriage is not a religious topic and all people have the right to get married without discrimination.	Personally, I think the gay marriage is not a religious topic and all people have the right to get married without discrimination.
My korean classes	My korean classes
I love my Korean classes, this is wonderful, I am very excited and happy *___*.	I love my Korean classes; they are wonderful, and I am very excited and happy *___*.
it is definitely the therapy in my life, because it helps me be relaxed and forget everything.	It is definitely serving as my life therapy, because it helps me relax and forget everything.
Hello~	Hello~
Hello, my name is Mariana.	Hello, my name is Mariana.
I'm 20 years old and I'm from Mexico.	I'm 20 years old and I'm from Mexico.
I study a degree in Translation at University, I'm currently in my first semester.	I'm studying a degree in Translation at university, I'm currently in my first semester.
I also study Japanese, since June 2010, and, this semester at University I started learning French too.	I also study Japanese, since June 2010, and this semester at university I started learning French too.
I study English since I was at elementary school, and it's sad to say that I'm not very good at all.	I've been studying English since I was at elementary school, and it's to say that I'm not very good at all.
When I started learning English I was very fascinated with languages, I guess that's why I'm studying translation.	When I started learning English I was very fascinated with languages, I guess that's why I'm studying translation.
But, I don't like to write in English, it frustrate me because I think I have a lot of problems writing and I just don't write, but I like this website, hope I can learn a lot and prove myself that I can write in English too.	But I don't like to write in English, it frustrates me because I think I have a lot of problems writing and I just don't write, but I like this website. I hope I can learn a lot and prove to myself that I can write in English too.
Hope you can help me, nice to meet you!	Hope you can help me, nice to meet you!
Translators	Translators
Hello!	Hello!
As I said in my first entry, I'm studying Translation at university.	As I said in my first entry, I'm studying Translation at university.
This month, two of my teachers told us (my classmates and I) that we don't know Spanish~	This month, two of my teachers told us (my classmates and I) that we don't know Spanish~
We don't know Spanish at all...	We don't know Spanish at all...
and it's our mother language!	and it's our mother language!
It's kinda shocking, but in other hand, I understand very well that point, elementary education is very poor here in Mexico, and some students see Spanish as another subject they need to pass as requisite.	It's kinda shocking, but in on the other hand, I understand very well that point. Elementary education is very poor here in Mexico, and some students see Spanish as just another subject they need to pass as requisite.
They do not give importance to that.	They do not give importance to that.
In consequence, many teachers don't give importance as well.	In consequence, many teachers don't give importance as well.
And now, at the university, as future translators, we are studying Spanish as well, and it's just perfect~ I guess I love Spanish more than any other language.	And now, at the university, as future translators, we are studying Spanish as well, and it's just perfect~ I guess I love Spanish more than any other language.
But I started writing this because I remember what a teacher said to us, we are forbidden to say "idioma" instead of "lengua" and if we decide to say "dialecto" she will kill us for sure!	But I started writing this because I remember what a teacher said to us, we are forbidden to say "idioma" instead of "lengua" and if we decide to say "dialecto" she will kill us for sure!
Anyway, I guess I need to write more here, I need to practice even when I don't want to write in English because I don't like it at all...	Anyway, I guess I need to write more here, I need to practice even when I don't want to write in English because I don't like it at all...
See you~	See you~
wicky.	wicky.
X Japan~	X Japan~
I'll try to write everyday, I guess it's a nice way to practice my English, unfortunately I guess I won't be able to write in Japanese everyday too, because my Japanese is still very poor :/ I studied English for almost all my life and, I started learning Japanese a year ago, so the difference is very huge :S	I'll try to write everyday. I guess it's a nice way to practice my English. Unfortunately, I guess I won't be able to write in Japanese everyday too, because my Japanese is still very poor :/ I studied English for almost all my life, but I just started learning Japanese a year ago, so the difference is huge :S
Anyway, today I want to write about X Japan.	Anyway, today I want to write about X Japan.
X Japan it's a rock band from Japan, they started playing in the 80's and I hear them since I started to learn about Japan (6 years ago more or less).	X Japan is a rock band from Japan. They started playing in the 80's and I've listened to them since I started to learn about Japan (6 years ago more or less).
It's a very important band, and you know what?	It's a very important band, and you know what?
They're coming to Mexico!	They're coming to Mexico!
When they announced it I was in shock...	When they announced it I was in shock...
thanks God it's real!	thank God, it's true!
The show it's on September, 18th, and it's sold out!!	The show is on September 18th, and it's sold out!!
They're going to record the show, I'm very happy because I have a ticket for the VIP area (well, it's called "X-Zone").	They're going to record the show, and I'm very happy because I have a ticket for the VIP area (well, it's called "X-Zone").
Only 12 days left...	Only 12 days left...
I'm very excited!!!	I'm very excited!!!
Why am I so mad?	Why am I so mad?
I think it's because of my body's changes, but really I hate them!	I think it's because of my body's changes, but really I hate them!
They made me angry some times, other times they made me sad, other times they made me so so happy....	They made me angry some times, other times they made me sad, other times they made me so so happy....
I'm really confused about my self.	I'm really confused about my self.
Poema	Poema
Amarte no es fácil, yo se mucho de eso	Amarte no es fácil, yo se mucho de eso
sí cuando yo intento robarte algún beso	sí cuando yo intento robarte algún beso
tú tierna mirada traviesa y risueña	tú tierna mirada traviesa y risueña
en negarme el beso, se afana y se empeña	en negarme el beso, se afana y se empeña
Yo quiero a ti amarte con plena conciencia	Yo quiero a ti amarte con plena conciencia
sin falsas virtudes, sin falsa decencia	sin falsas virtudes, sin falsa decencia
amarte dormido y amarte despierto	amarte dormido y amarte despierto
amarte en mis sueños y amarte en lo cierto	amarte en mis sueños y amarte en lo cierto
Amarte sintiendo la noche callada	Amarte sintiendo la noche callada
entonces decirte “niña bien amada”	entonces decirte “niña bien amada”
que amarte casi se me ha vuelto un vicio	que amarte casi se me ha vuelto un vicio
que a veces yo siento que he perdido el juicio.	que a veces yo siento que he perdido el juicio.
Amando tu cuerpo de piel nacarada	Amando tu cuerpo de piel nacarada
que me hace perderme como encrucijada	que me hace perderme como encrucijada
hasta yacer prestos en el paroxismo	hasta yacer prestos en el paroxismo
y sentir entonces que no soy el mismo	y sentir entonces que no soy el mismo
Así quiero amarte, mujer de ternura	Así quiero amarte, mujer de ternura
mujer de inocencia, mujer de locura	mujer de inocencia, mujer de locura
pero que difícil es robarte un beso	pero que difícil es robarte un beso
amarte no es fácil...	amarte no es fácil...
yo...	yo...
se mucho de eso 	se mucho de eso 
Electrónica En Vivo Desde El Computador	Electrónica En Vivo Desde El Computador Electronics Live from the Computer
Introducción.	Introducción. Introduction.
Introducción.	Introducción. Introduction.
Ya son cincuenta años de música por computador desde los primeros experimentos de Max Matthews en los laboratorios de Bell, y la creación de su lenguaje de programación para música Music-n.	Ya son cincuenta años de música por computador desde los primeros experimentos de Max Matthews en los laboratorios de Bell, y la creación de su lenguaje de programación para música Music-n. Fifty years of computerized music have already passed from the first experiments of Max Matthews in Bell laboratories, to the creation of his programming language for music, Music-N.
Desde entonces el desarrollo de hardware ha tomado camino hacia el menor tamaño y la mejora en su capacidad de procesamiento, lo cual también ha influido en su costo y posibilidad de producción en masa; paralelamente el software también ha mostrado un grado de desarrollo mayor y la implementación de métodos para realizar las mismas operaciones que se lograban con diverso hardware, pero usando un procesador de propósito múltiple, es decir el computador personal.	Desde entonces el desarrollo de hardware ha tomado camino hacia el menor tamaño y la mejora en su capacidad de procesamiento, lo cual también ha influido en su costo y posibilidad de producción en masa; paralelamente el software también ha mostrado un grado de desarrollo mayor y la implementación de métodos para realizar las mismas operaciones que se lograban con diverso hardware, pero usando un procesador de propósito múltiple, es decir el computador personal. Since then hardware development has taken a path toward smaller size and improvements in its processing capabilities, which has also affected its cost and the possibility of its mass production. In the same way, software has also shown a major level of development, with the implementation of methods for effecting operations which previously required specialized hardware using a single multi-purpose processor, that is to say, the personal computer.
Durante el periodo mencionado, no sólo la tecnología ha cambiado, el pensamiento mismo y las técnicas para crear música han cambiado o se han enriquecido.	Durante el periodo mencionado, no sólo la tecnología ha cambiado, el pensamiento mismo y las técnicas para crear música han cambiado o se han enriquecido. During this time, not only has technology changed, but the very thought processes and techniques used in creating music have changed as well and been enriched.
fifty years of music in the computer since first experiments of max matthews in the Bell laboratories and the creation of your programation lenguage for music music-n.	fifty years of music in the computer since first experiments of max matthews in the Bell laboratories and the creation of your programation lenguage for music music-n.
Since these time the develop of hardware has take road hacia the smaller size and the improvement in your capacities of processamient, lo cual tambien has influiding in your cost and posibilities of mass production; implementing methods for realizing las mismas operations que se lograban with different hardwares, pero using processors with multiple proposit,is say the personal computer.	Since these time the develop of hardware has take road hacia the smaller size and the improvement in your capacities of processamient, lo cual tambien has influiding in your cost and posibilities of mass production; implementing methods for realizing las mismas operations que se lograban with different hardwares, pero using processors with multiple proposit,is say the personal computer.
during period time, dont only the technology has changed, the thinking and techniques for the creation music has changed or this has enriched, the interdisciplinary work of musics, physics, mathematics, enginers, artist, psichologs etc, has llevado fordifferent ways the computer music, showing are a fort influence included for the instrumental music.	during period time, dont only the technology has changed, the thinking and techniques for the creation music has changed or this has enriched, the interdisciplinary work of musics, physics, mathematics, enginers, artist, psichologs etc, has llevado fordifferent ways the computer music, showing are a fort influence included for the instrumental music.
Poem	Poem
SPANISH Text	SPANISH Text
Amarte no es fácil, yo se mucho de eso	Amarte no es fácil, yo se mucho de eso
sí cuando yo intento robarte algún beso	sí cuando yo intento robarte algún beso
tú tierna mirada traviesa y risueña	tú tierna mirada traviesa y risueña
en negarme el beso, se afana y se empeña	en negarme el beso, se afana y se empeña
you loves are not easy, i know much of it.	Loving you is not easy, I know this well
if when i try to steal a kiss	If when I try to steal a kiss from you
your tender glance mischivous an smiling	Your tender glance mischievous and smiling
you negate me the kiss he tolis and strives	in denying me a kiss toils and strives
Ferrari	Ferrari
Ferrari i s a manufacturer of superdeportive cars with base in maranello.	Ferrari is a manufacturer of sports cars based in Maranello.
was founded for Enzo ferrari in 1929 how scuderia ferrari.	It was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1929.
building cars of competitions and later, in 1947, also began to make deportive cars	They built cars for competitions and later, in 1947, also began to make sports cars.
Originally, ferrary sponsored a pilots and cars of alfa romeo and fiat, the company started to produce cars in series in the year of 1947.	Originally, Ferrari sponsored the drivers and cars of Alfa Romeo and Fiat, a company that started to produce cars in series in 1947.
this became in Ferrari S.	this became in Ferrari S.
A.	A.
when in the year of 1969 fiat group be entered part of administration council	when in the year of 1969 fiat group be entered part of administration council
Technical English	Technical English
Tecnología de 42 voltios de Bosch	Tecnología de 42 voltios de Bosch
Con una serie de nuevos desarrollos y conceptos para los futuros sistemas eléctricos de los vehículos, Bosch está atendiendo la creciente demanda de mayor potencia eléctrica en baterías, generadores y alimentadores de redes.	Con una serie de nuevos desarrollos y conceptos para los futuros sistemas eléctricos de los vehículos, Bosch está atendiendo la creciente demanda de mayor potencia eléctrica en baterías, generadores y alimentadores de redes.
Actualmente la generación de energía eléctrica en los vehículos de motor está desarrollada junto a una compleja red de baterías, generadores, cableados de datos en serie, unidades de distribución y diversas unidades de control electrónico, sensores y actuadores.	Actualmente la generación de energía eléctrica en los vehículos de motor está desarrollada junto a una compleja red de baterías, generadores, cableados de datos en serie, unidades de distribución y diversas unidades de control electrónico, sensores y actuadores.
El número, así como el tiempo de funcionamiento y la potencia absorbida de estos consumidores está creciendo constantemente.	El número, así como el tiempo de funcionamiento y la potencia absorbida de estos consumidores está creciendo constantemente.
Este aumento es también consecuencia del accionamiento eléctrico de anteriores funciones mecánicas o hidráulicas como direcciones asistidas o selectores eléctricos del cambio de marchas.	Este aumento es también consecuencia del accionamiento eléctrico de anteriores funciones mecánicas o hidráulicas como direcciones asistidas o selectores eléctricos del cambio de marchas.
Actualmente un vehículo completamente equipado requiere una potencia media de aproximadamente 800 vatios y una potencia máxima de 2 kilovatios.	Actualmente un vehículo completamente equipado requiere una potencia media de aproximadamente 800 vatios y una potencia máxima de 2 kilovatios.
En la próxima década, la media subirá hasta los 4 kilovatios; con potencias máximas de hasta 14 kilovatios.	En la próxima década, la media subirá hasta los 4 kilovatios; con potencias máximas de hasta 14 kilovatios.
Technology 42 volts of bosch	42-volt technology from Bosch
with a serie of a new develops and concepts for the electrical fututre system of the veicles, Bosch be atend the crecient demand of mayor electrical power in Bateries, generators and feeder networks.	With a series of new developments and concepts for future electronic systems for vehicles, Bosch is meeting the growing demand for greater electric power in batteries, generators and power supplies.
actually the generation of electrical energy in the veicles of motor be develop with a complex network of bateries, generators, data wireless in serial, distribution units and various units of electronic control, sensors and actuators.	Currently, the generation of electrical energy in motor vehicles is in development along with a complex network of batteries, generators, cableados de dato en serie distribution units and various electronic control units, sensors and actuators.
the numbers el numero, asi como the time of operation and  power comsumption of these consumers is steadily growing.	The number, as well as the operation time and power consumption of these consumers is steadily growing.
this increment is consecuence of the electrical accionamient of previous functions hidraulics and mechanics as direction asist	This increase is also a consequence of the introduction of electrical power as an alternative for traditionally hydraulic or mechanical functions such as power steering and changing gears.
CLOUD COMPUTING	CLOUD COMPUTING
Cloud computing refers to the logical computational resources (data, software) accessible via a computer network (through WAN or Internet etc.), rather than from a local computer.	Cloud computing refers to the logical computational resources (data, software) accessible via a computer network (through WAN or Internet etc.), rather than from a local computer.
The on-line service can be offered from a cloud provider or it could be private organization's own.	The on-line service can be offered from a cloud provider or it could be private organization's own.
In this case these technologies are regarded by some analysts as a technological evolution[1], or are seen as a marketing trap by others like Richard Stallman.	In this case these technologies are regarded by some analysts as a technological evolution[1], or are seen as a marketing trap by others like Richard Stallman.
Users or clients can perform a task, such as word processing, mailing, with a client such as browser and with service provided through such cloud based computational resources.	Users or clients can perform a task, such as word processing, mailing, with a client such as browser and with service provided through such cloud based computational resources.
Since the cloud is the underlying delivery mechanism, cloud-based remote applications and services may support any type of software application or service in use today.	Since the cloud is the underlying delivery mechanism, cloud-based remote applications and services may support any type of software application or service in use today.
In the past, tasks such as word processing were not possible without the installation of software on a local computer.	In the past, tasks such as word processing were not possible without the installation of software on a local computer.
With the development of local area networks (LAN) and wider bandwidth, multiple CPUs and storage devices could be used to host services like word processing in a remotely managed datacenter.	With the development of local area networks (LAN) and wider bandwidth, multiple CPUs and storage devices could be used to host services like word processing in a remotely managed datacenter.
The Cloud computing takes away the installation and upgrades hassles and need for higher computing power from users and gives more control to the service providers on administration of the services.	The Cloud computing takes away the installation and upgrades hassles and need for higher computing power from users and gives more control to the service providers on administration of the services.
Consumers now routinely use data-intensive applications driven by cloud technology that were previously unavailable due to cost and deployment complexity.	Consumers now routinely use data-intensive applications driven by cloud technology that were previously unavailable due to cost and deployment complexity.
[citation needed] In many companies, employees and company departments are bringing a flood of consumer technology into the workplace, which raises legal compliance and security concerns for the corporation.	[citation needed] In many companies, employees and company departments are bringing a flood of consumer technology into the workplace, which raises legal compliance and security concerns for the corporation.
[citation needed]	[citation needed]
The term "software as a service" is sometimes used to describe programs offered through "The Cloud".	The term "software as a service" is sometimes used to describe programs offered through "The Cloud".
A common shorthand for a provided cloud computing service (or even an aggregation of all existing cloud services) is "The Cloud".	A common shorthand for a provided cloud computing service (or even an aggregation of all existing cloud services) is "The Cloud".
An analogy to explain cloud computing is that of public utilities such as electricity, gas, and water.	An analogy to explain cloud computing is that of public utilities such as electricity, gas, and water.
Centralized and standardized utilities freed individuals from the difficulties of generating electricity or pumping water.	Centralized and standardized utilities freed individuals from the difficulties of generating electricity or pumping water.
All of the development and maintenance tasks involved in doing so was alleviated.	All of the development and maintenance tasks involved in doing so was alleviated.
With Cloud computing, this translates to a reduced cost in software distribution to providers still using hard mediums such as DVDs.	With Cloud computing, this translates to a reduced cost in software distribution to providers still using hard mediums such as DVDs.
Consumer benefits are that software no longer has to be installed and is automatically updated, but savings in terms of money is yet to be seen.	Consumer benefits are that software no longer has to be installed and is automatically updated, but savings in terms of money is yet to be seen.
The principle behind the cloud is that any computer connected to the Internet is connected to the same pool of computing power, applications, and files.	The principle behind the cloud is that any computer connected to the Internet is connected to the same pool of computing power, applications, and files.
Users can store and access personal files such as music, pictures, videos, and bookmarks or play games or do word processing on a remote server rather than physically carrying around a storage medium such as a DVD or thumb drive.	Users can store and access personal files such as music, pictures, videos, and bookmarks or play games or do word processing on a remote server rather than physically carrying around a storage medium such as a DVD or thumb drive.
Even those using web-based email such as Gmail, Hotmail, Yahoo!, a company-owned email, or even an e-mail client program such as Outlook, Evolution, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Entourage are making use of cloud email servers.	Even those using web-based email such as Gmail, Hotmail, Yahoo!, a company-owned email, or even an e-mail client program such as Outlook, Evolution, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Entourage are making use of cloud email servers.
Hence, desktop applications that connect to internet-host email providers can also be considered cloud applications.	Hence, desktop applications that connect to internet-host email providers can also be considered cloud applications.
as has become customary, apple maintenance a strict secret over the new products that planning revelate this thusday in san francisco, pero bloggers and followers of your products believe that are announced at least a new model for ipod to the incorporation of the beatles music at your itunes service.	as has become customary, apple maintenance a strict secret over the new products that planning revelate this thusday in san francisco, pero bloggers and followers of your products believe that are announced at least a new model for ipod to the incorporation of the beatles music at your itunes service.
in recients years the company with seat in cupertino, california, has used your presentation of september for the launch new ipods that haved become more smalls, elegants and more powerful with each generation.	in recients years the company with seat in cupertino, california, has used your presentation of september for the launch new ipods that haved become more smalls, elegants and more powerful with each generation.
the act of this year could be similar if the electronic messages of apple for the the press are hint.	the act of this year could be similar if the electronic messages of apple for the the press are hint.
the invitation for the press as same  a prepaid target of itunes and have  iconics silhouettes danzings of ipods and the words its only rock and roll, but we like it is a reference a the famous song of rolling stones.	the invitation for the press as same  a prepaid target of itunes and have  iconics silhouettes danzings of ipods and the words its only rock and roll, but we like it is a reference a the famous song of rolling stones.
this, of course deja space for conjeturas.	this, of course deja space for conjeturas.
bloguerss ansious fot details inspections the image and notate that the cable of the auriculars is connect at the ipod al ittle big its seems a ipod touch.	bloguerss ansious fot details inspections the image and notate that the cable of the auriculars is connect at the ipod al ittle big its seems a ipod touch.
help me	help me
Hello people, my name is Edgar I am from panama.	Hello people, my name is Edgar I am from panama.
I need than you help me with my english.	I need than you help me with my english.
in actually i take a text procedent of internet then i translate this text.	in actually i take a text procedent of internet then i translate this text.
is my proccess for learn english.	is my proccess for learn english.
i need  they reviewing my translating that i write in this site.	i need  they reviewing my translating that i write in this site.
please	please
i hope that you help me...	i hope that you help me...
Hello	Hello
Hi everyone.	Hi everyone.
My name is David.	My name is David.
I'm from Guatemala.	I'm from Guatemala.
I'm looking for people who can help me to improve my English.	I'm looking for people who can help me improve my English.
Contact me if you want to improve you Spanish as well.	Contact me if you want to improve your Spanish as well.
how to salute in a military way	how to salute in a military way
Hi every one!	Hi every one!
I am a new member in this web site and i´m trying to learn the correct way to salute in a military form.	I am a new member in this web site and i´m trying to learn the correct way to salute in a military form.
I would appreciate if someone could help me out or else tell me where could i find information about  this.	I would appreciate if someone could help me out or else tell me where could i find information about  this.
Thank you very much!!	Thank you very much!!
how to salute in a military way	how to salute in a military way
Hi every one!	Hi every one!
I am a new member in this web site and i´m trying to learn the correct way to salute in a military form.	I am a new member in this web site and i´m trying to learn the correct way to salute in a military form.
I would appreciate if someone could help me out or else tell me where could i found information about  this.	I would appreciate if someone could help me out or else tell me where could i found information about  this.
Thank you very much!!	Thank you very much!!
hello	hello
i need help me with my english, it is really bad :(	I need help me with my English. It is really bad :(
Christmas mess	Christmas mess
Hello!	Hello!
Christmas is getting near….	Christmas is getting near….
and this is always a pain in the neck (most of the time).	and as it often does, it is becoming a pain in the neck .
These are kind of stressful holidays, if such a thing makes any sense.	These are kind of stressful holidays, if such a thing makes any sense.
I have to run from one place to another, buying all sorts of petty  details, after squeezing my brains in the first place to pick them up.	I have to run from one place to another, buying all sorts of things and stressing about petty  details, after squeezing my brains in the first place to decide on a type of gift in the first place.
Then you get in a round of lunches and dinners all over your family dwellings, and end up bloated and surely with some extra weight.	Then you need to make the rounds round of lunches and dinners with each ofyour family members, and you end up bloated and surely with some extra weight.
Well, there must be also something nice to it but I don´t always succeed in spotting it.	There must be also something nice to it, but I don´t always succeed in spotting it.
Hi there everyone!!!	Hi there everyone!!!
Well..	Well..
first post here...	first post here...
my name is Alejandra, im from Argentina and im in my last year of law school.	my name is Alejandra, im from Argentina and im in my last year of law school.
I wanted to write my first post in japanese, but im kind of shy and my japanese is really bad..=( so , instead , im using english .	I wanted to write my first post in japanese, but im kind of shy and my japanese is really bad..=( so , instead , im using english .
Well..	Well..
i use english mostly for internet purposes..	i use english mostly for internet purposes..
i dont really care too much about grammar, but sometimes i find myself having some grammar issues and , for ex, putting verbs in the wrong place or using prepositions in a very odd way xD .	i dont really care too much about grammar, but sometimes i find myself having some grammar issues and , for ex, putting verbs in the wrong place or using prepositions in a very odd way xD .
Im positive this site is going to help me change that ;)	Im positive this site is going to help me change that ;)
- I only learned english when I was in high school , and after that I improve it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...	- I only learned english when I was in high school , and after that I improve it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...
- I only learned english when I was in high school , and after that I improve it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...	High school was the only setting i learned english, and after that I improved it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...
- I only learned english when I was in high school , and after that I improve it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...	- I only learned english when I was in high school , and since then, I've improved it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...
nowadays i used it for chating, reading books, watching series like i said before..	nowadays i used it for chating, reading books, watching series like i said before..
nowadays i used it for chating, reading books, watching series like i said before..	nowadays i use it for chatting, reading books, and watching series.
It has been very useful for me =)	It has been very useful for me =)
Anyway, i hope a lot ppl correct this entry ;) and feel free to ask me anything or just add me to friends ;)	Anyway, i hope a lot ppl correct this entry ;) and feel free to ask me anything or just add me to friends ;)
English mistakes	English mistakes
Everyone - Im sure - have something about the language they´re learning that they want to improve.	Everyone - I'm sure - has something about the language they´re learning that they want to improve.
Although i feel very confindent with me english, i know my weak points and there are some really annoying grammar mistakes that i would like to erase :P	Although i feel very confident with my english, i know my weak points and there are some really annoying grammar mistakes that i would like to erase :P
1) my informal way of writting :	1) my informal way of writing :
Consequence of the internet off course ¬¬ .	Consequence of the internet of course ¬¬ .
I really owe internet almost all my english knowledge...	I really owe the internet for almost all my english knowledge...
but nowadays it has become more of a burden for me...	but nowadays it has become more of a burden for me...
when I have to write something more formal..	when I have to write something more formal..
argh!!	argh!!
But anyway, I think that this problem can be handle with a little bit of effort from my part	But anyway, I think that this problem can be handled with a little bit of effort from my part
2) the difference beetween "have been" and "being".	2) the difference beetween "have been" and "being".
I dont know why i sometimes confuse them...	I dont know why i sometimes confuse them...
It doesnt happen all the time and sometimes I write them right, but there were times when I have wondered whether I had to write "being" or not.	It doesnt happen all the time and sometimes I write them right, but there were times when I have wondered whether I had to write "being" or not.
I think I should go back to my grammar books and check them out :P	I think I should go back to my grammar books and check them out :P
3) "Dont" and "Doesn´t" / have, had	3) "Don't" and "Doesn´t" / have, had
Yes, is kinda embarrasing to admit xD I mix`em sometimes hehe.	Yes, it's kinda embarrasing to admit xD I mix`em sometimes hehe.
4) The correct use of verb tenses:	4) The correct use of verb tenses:
I know, this is an issue for everyone who is learning a language...	I know, this is an issue for everyone who is learning a language...
and i think the best way to be confindent enough and not make any mistakes with the verbes is practice ...	and i think the best way to be confident enough and not make any mistakes with the verbs is practice ...
and reading!!	and reading!!
There you have...	There you have it...
I know I make more mistakes, but this are the ones I remember right now though.	I know I make more mistakes, but this are the ones I remember right now though.
Plz be kind and correct the text for me !!	Plz be kind and correct the text for me !!
Im looking foward to see your corrections!!	I'm looking foward to seeing your corrections!!
The Starcraft 2 Beta came out.	The Starcraft 2 Beta came out.
If the entry's too long don't correct everything, just correct a few paragraphs or give me some useful tip.	If the entry's too long don't correct everything, just correct a few paragraphs or give me some useful tips.
Some weeks ago the Starcraft beta was released by Blizzard, apparently you had to sign in with your Battle.	Some weeks ago the Starcraft beta was released by Blizzard, apparently you had to sign in with your Battle.
net account in order to recieve some validation key.	net account in order to receive a validation key.
I waited cause I know people were gonna crack it, and so they did.	I waited cause I know people were gonna crack it, and so they did.
I thought I wasn't gonna be able to run cause I only have an onboard graphics card, but it came out nicely.	I thought I wasn't gonna be able to run it cause I only have an onboard graphics card, but it came out nicely.
My thoughts about it:	My thoughts about it:
When I started playing a map came up right away, and a race was assigned randomly, on my first try the Zerg came up.	When I started playing a map came up right away, and a race was assigned randomly, on my first try the Zerg came up.
They changed almost everything about them, most upgrades, most units and most buildings were changed.	They changed almost everything about them, most upgrades, most units and most buildings were changed.
For example the Queen now is a land unit instead of an air unit (wtf) the Hydralisk is an advanced unit and the Ultralisk is way tougher.	For example the Queen now is a land unit instead of an air unit (wtf) the Hydralisk is an advanced unit and the Ultralisk is way tougher.
On the second try the Protoss came out.	On the second try the Protoss came out.
Most of their structures remain the same but their air units are all different, the Carrier seems to stay unchanged though.	Most of their structures remain the same but their air units are all different, the Carrier seems to stay unchanged though.
Dark templars are here but they don't merge into the Dark Archon, instead they merge into a normal Archon just like the High Templars.	Dark templars are here but they don't merge into the Dark Archon, instead they merge into a normal Archon just like the High Templars.
The Dragoons have been removed, and damn the Arbiter was removed, that was one of my favorite units from the original Starcraft.	The Dragoons have been removed, and damn the Arbiter was removed, that was one of my favorite units from the original Starcraft.
I did hate one unit that was similar to the new Collossus but smaller, it seemed too "insectish" and it didn't look Protoss at all.	I did hate one unit that was similar to the new Collossus but smaller, it seemed too "insectish" and it didn't look Protoss at all.
I haven't tried the Terran out yet.	I haven't tried the Terran out yet.
In conclusion the game is still under development but I doubt the final version will be too different from the Beta, I have to say I'm a bit disappointed, but since I liked the original Starcraft so much I had asumed SC2 was gonna be worse	In conclusion the game is still under development but I doubt the final version will be too different from the Beta, I have to say I'm a bit disappointed, but since I liked the original Starcraft so much I had assumed SC2 was gonna be worse.
On my next entry I'm gonna talk about Diablo 3, and my expectations on that game.	On my next entry I'm gonna talk about Diablo 3, and my expectations on that game.
Thanks for your time.	Thanks for your time.
My lonely 	My lonely 
The loneness is very bad for me.	The loneness is very bad for me.
You see how the time keep going, how your friends are doing good things, how are you losing valuable time doing nothing.	You see how the time keep going, how your friends are doing good things, how are you losing valuable time doing nothing.
I have 3 months with this loneness showing a smile fake.	I have 3 months with this loneness showing a smile fake.
The human being must to be in society.	The human being must to be in society.
My first day in Pachuca  :) I came here in order to study	My first day in Pachuca  :) I came here in order to study
Hi everybody my name is Alfred Andrew Riveros Castelan.	Hi everybody my name is Alfred Andrew Riveros Castelan.
Here I am going to talk about how was my first day in my new place of study.	Here I am going to talk about how was my first day in my new place of study.
I had walked for about 6 hours when I felt tired for walked a lots, so I decided to rest few minutes.	I had walked for about 6 hours when I felt tired for walked a lots, so I decided to rest few minutes.
I was thinking if call to my friend Karina or walk more...	I was thinking if call to my friend Karina or walk more...
to be continue....	to be continue....
ESMERAL MELO IS ONE STUDENT AT ISCHU AND LIKES MANY THINGS ABOUT THE SCHOOL	ESMERAL MELO IS ONE STUDENT AT ISCHU AND LIKES MANY THINGS ABOUT THE SCHOOL
Esmeralda Melo is nineteen, and is from Tulancingo.	Esmeralda Melo is nineteen, and is from Tulancingo.
She is taking many classes like English and PILI, also she has difficults in Morfosintaxis.	She is taking many classes like English and PILI, also she has difficulty in Morfosintaxis.
She likes that the school gives us the opportunity to study in another country, but she dislikes that the cafeteria does not have good food.	She likes that the school gives us the opportunity to study in another country, but she dislikes that the cafeteria does not have good food.
She thinks that the teachers know how to teach very well, also she thinks that they are very qualifieds to teach.	She thinks that the teachers know how to teach very well. She also thinks that they are very qualified to teach.
She has been learning English in the self-learning center.	She has been learning English in the self-learning center.
I've just started!	I've just started!
I'm so happy to start in this social group that helps me on English, sometimes, I feel a little bit shy to speak in english, because sometimes I fell down and I make mistakes and that's because I'm here, so I hope than you can help me with that and learn more about the language	I'm so happy to be starting in this social group that will help me with English. I feel a little bit shy about speaking English, because sometimes I fall down and make mistakes. That's why I'm here. I hope you can help me with that and help me to learn more about the language.
I'm gonna meet John Galliano	I'm gonna meet John Galliano
It's a pleasure to meet a fantastic designer, ok, not at all, it's just an e-mail interview, and my expo team and I will ask him some questions about his carreer and his creative process, and I expect succesfull and at least an A.	It's a pleasure to meet a fantastic designer, ok, not at all, it's just an e-mail interview, and my expo team and I will ask him some questions about his carreer and his creative process, and I expect succesfull and at least an A.
Going back to Sweden	Going back to Sweden
(The following is a future entry in my blog, where I explain my Erasmus experience in Sweden.	(The following is a future entry in my blog, where I explain my Erasmus experience in Sweden.
I have decided to begin writing in it also in English in order to improve my writing with the corrections of the beloved community of Lang8 :))	I have decided to begin writing in it also in English in order to improve my writing with the corrections of the beloved community of Lang8 :))
[Note for readers] Hi there!	[Note for readers] Hi there!
I have decided to start writing down my blog, in which I write about my stay in Sweden, in English.	I have decided to start writing down my blog, in which I write about my stay in Sweden, in English.
The objective is to improve my English and to give you the opportunity of reading about my insignificant life!	The objective is to improve my English and to give you the opportunity of reading about my insignificant life!
My stay in Spain due to the Christmas’ break is finishing tomorrow, and I’m going back to classes in my dear adoptive city: Stockholm.	My stay in Spain due to the Christmas break is finishing tomorrow, and I’m going back to classes in my dear adoptive city: Stockholm.
During all the vacation I have been seeing in the forecast how temperatures were softer than when I was there.	Throughout vacation I have been seeing in the forecast how temperatures have been warmer than when I was there.
..	..
shit!	shit!
Even these days it has been over 0 degrees, and it seems that my beloved snow (always pretty, though a bit son of a bitch when you are carrying your suitcase) is melting down.	Even recently it has been over 0 degrees, and it seems that my beloved snow (always pretty, though a bit of a son of a bitch when you are carrying your suitcase) is melting.
Anyway, for all the people who are saying that I’m going to freeze up and blah blah, I go by the facts:  15th December, Madrid = -6º, Stockholm = 0º.	Anyway, for all the people who are saying that I’m going to freeze and blah blah, I go by the facts: 15th December, Madrid = -6º, Stockholm = 0º.
Ok, ok, to be fair, the truth is that here in Spain it has been a great weather all Christmas.	Ok, ok, to be fair, the truth is that here in Spain there has been great weather all Christmas.
The only days it got chiller, it was no more that what I call “amateur cold”.	The days it got chilly were no more that what I call “amateur cold”.
For Christ sake, I would send all of you that are complaining with shit like “The street is cold” or “I want to go inside” to the lake near my residence in Sweden, where the poor ducks have been confined to a little spot because of the implacable ice.	For Christ sake, I would send all of you that are complaining with shit like “The street is cold” or “I want to go inside” to the lake near my residence in Sweden, where the poor ducks have been confined to a little spot because of the implacable ice.
Anyway, being here these weeks in Christmas (oh fuck, I love to have actual holidays in Christmas) has made that I have became aware of some little things of the life I have missed about my dear homeland all these months.	Anyway, being here these weeks for Christmas (oh fuck, I love to have actual holidays in Christmas) has made me aware of some little things I have missed about life in my dear homeland all these months.
And, of course, some things that suck about being here.	And, of course, some things that suck about being here.
All about this in this pretty list of pros and cons:	All about this in a pretty list of pros and cons:Note: this sentence is totally understandable, but I would change the second "this" so that you don't say the word "this" twice. 
Pro: “Cañas y tapas”.	Pro: “Cañas y tapas”.
Because there is nothing better in life that taking a cold beer accompanied with a delicious Spanish “tapa”.	Because there is nothing better in life that taking a cold beer accompanied with a delicious Spanish “tapa”.
Con: “Canis” and other suburban tribes, characterized by their IQ, near to Sweden mean temperature.	Con: “Canis” and other suburban tribes, characterized by their IQ, which is near the Sweden mean temperature.What the heck is a "Cani"?
I prefer Swedish people that smooth back their hair with gel and wear big empty glasses.	I prefer Swedish people that smooth back their hair with gel and wear big empty glasses.
Pro:  To get out and not being scare of death from exposure.	Pro: To go out and not be fear death from exposure.You could also say "To go out and not be afraid of death from exposure."NOTE: "Scared to death" is usually used when referring to a sudden fright. Example: "You scared me to death when you grabbed me from behind."
In Spain is not necessary to take care of having all your skin covered, with risk of amputation caused by frostbite.	In Spain it is not necessary to have all your skin coveredto avoid the risk of amputation caused by frostbite.While understandable, this sentence is a bit awkward. I fixed it somewhat but it probably should be re-written and I don't have time to think more about it. Sorry! 
Con: Spanish rubbish television: despite I rarely watch television, when the shit hits the fan…Special consideration to the New Year’s Eve program with all the pink press.	Con: Spanish rubbish television: despite that I rarely watch television, when the shit hits the fan…Special consideration to the New Year’s Eve program with all the pink press.
FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!	FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!Quite correct.
Pro:  To cook far away from the smoke detector.	Pro: Cooking far away from the smoke detector.
Mhh…well, right.	Mhh…well, right.
What I really wanted to say was:  Pro: Not cook!!	What I really wanted to say was: Pro: Not cooking!!
Con:  Everybody saying: “But you must have not been unnoticed there!” Well,  ok, I know I’m blonde with blue eyes, but stop saying that all the times…I’m purely Spanish, you fucking idiots!	Con: Everybody saying: “But you must have been unnoticed there!” Well, ok, I know I’m blonde with blue eyes, but stop saying that all the time…I’m purely Spanish, you fucking idiots!Not 100% sure what you were trying to say, but Spanish allows double negatives and English doesn't, so I think you were saying the opposite of what you meant. Do people think that because you have blond hair and blue eyes that you will go unnoticed in Sweden? If so, then my correction is good. Also, notice that the word "time" should not be plural - "all of the time", not "all of the times".
And, with no more to say…au revoire Spain!	So, with no more to say…au revoire Spain!
See you soon!	See you soon!
Trying to improve my English	Trying to improve my English
As an exchange student in Stockholm, I have a lot of opportunities of improving my English.	As an exchange student in Stockholm, I have a lot of opportunities to improve my English.
All the international students here use English (well, unless you are talking with people from your own country), and this is perfect for getting a better understanding and speaking.	All the international students here use English (well, unless you are talking with people from your own country), and this is perfect for a person to get a better understanding and speaking.
All the international students here use English (well, unless you are talking with people from your own country), and this is perfect for getting a better understanding and speaking.	All the international students here use English (well, unless they are talking with their countrymen), and this is perfect for improving my listening and speaking skills.
Moreover, Swedish people have great English and I think it would be difficult for me to distinguish between them and native speakers.	Moreover, Swedish people have the great English and I think it would be difficult for me to distinguish between them and native English speakers.
Moreover, Swedish people have great English and I think it would be difficult for me to distinguish between them and native speakers.	Moreover, Swedish people speak great English and I think it would be difficult for me to distinguish between them and native speakers.
All the time I have been here I have tried to involve myself in an “English environment”.	All the time I have been here I have tried to involve myself in “an English environment”.
All the time I have been here I have tried to involve myself in an “English environment”.	I have tried to surround myself with an “English environment” the whole time I've been here.
For example, I only watch American TV series and films in original version (with subtitles).	For example, I only watch American TV series and films in their original language (with subtitles).
Also, I try to search the meaning of strange words and expressions, and I have a notebook with a lot of new words to learn.	Also, I try to find the meanings of strange words and expressions, and I have a notebook filled with new words to learn.
But, in spite of my better and better listening and reading skills, I feel that my speaking is getting stuck.	But despite the fact that I continuously improve my listening and reading skills, I feel that my speaking is stuck.
But, in spite of my better and better listening and reading skills, I feel that my speaking is getting stuck.	But, in spite of my constantly improving listening and reading skills, I feel that I've become stuck with my speaking.
I feel really bad sometimes because, as I’m speaking, I notice that I make a lot of mistakes or that I express myself using strange constructions.	I feel really bad sometimes because, as I’m speaking, I notice that I make a lot of mistakes or express myself using strange constructions.
I can express myself in a decent way and people can understand me, but I know that I’m not always correct and that my Spanish accent sucks a lot.	I can express myself in a decent way and people are able to understand me, but I know that I’m not always correct and that my Spanish accent really sucks.
I would really like to improve my speaking as well and reflect in it the things I am learning reading and listening.	I would really like to improve my speaking as well reflect in it the things I am learning while reading and listening.
I would really like to improve my speaking as well and reflect in it the things I am learning reading and listening.	I would really like to improve my speaking as well and reflect in it the things I am learning by reading and listening.
So I have decided to write more often in order to use new constructions and try to improve my narrow possibilities.	So I have decided to write more often in order to use new constructions and try to improve my narrow possibilities.
So I have decided to write more often in order to use new constructions and try to improve my narrow possibilities.	So I have decided to write more often in order to use new constructions and try to expand my limited possibilities.
Do you think it is a good idea?	Do you think it is a good idea?
Do you recommend me to do something special?	Do you recommend me to do something special?
yogurt	yogurt
Me estoy comiendo un riko yogurt de damasco con trozos de fruta, ademas mi gato quiere tambien; pero no le voy a dar xD	Me estoy comiendo un riko yogurt de damasco con trozos de fruta, ademas mi gato quiere tambien; pero no le voy a dar xD
Hace frio pero de igual manera como yogurt ^^	Hace frio pero de igual manera como yogurt ^^
Cansancio semanal	Cansancio semanal
Esta semana me toco trabajar los 7 dias sin parar.......	Esta semana me toco trabajar los 7 dias sin parar.......
uff fue algo agotador, pero de alguna forma la retribucion economica es algo que puedo disfrutar......	uff fue algo agotador, pero de alguna forma la retribucion economica es algo que puedo disfrutar......
espero que esta semana que comienza solo sea de lunes a viernes :)	espero que esta semana que comienza solo sea de lunes a viernes :)
felicitaciones	felicitaciones
A todos mis amigos de Japon	A todos mis amigos de Japon
Les felicito por haber triunfado en este mundial	Les felicito por haber triunfado en este mundial
Espero que clasifiquen y sigan jugando tan bien ^^	Espero que clasifiquen y sigan jugando tan bien ^^
Japon, japon, japon ^^	Japon, japon, japon ^^
Traditional Peruvian Food "Santiago Queirolo" 	Traditional Peruvian Food "Santiago Queirolo" 
The best traditional peruvian food of all the places i've already ate.	The best traditional peruvian food of all the places I've eaten at!
It's mostly a very good place where you can enjoy our traditional dishes.	It's mostly a very good place where you can enjoy our traditional dishes.
It's located in the San Martin 1062 avenue Pueblo Libre.	It's located at 1062 San Martin Avenue, Pueblo Libre.
Particularly, they have a great and good variety of food, a big menu of traditional meals and dishes such as papa rellena, ceviche, butifarra and one of the most famous is "choritos a la chalaca".	In particular, they have a good variety of great food, a big menu of traditional dishes such as papa rellena, ceviche, butifarra.  One of the most famous is "choritos a la chalaca".
The whole place has an structure of our colonial time!	The whole place is an old colonial building!
i think is one of the only places in the capital city that maintains these traditions.	I think it's one of the only places in the capital city that maintains these traditions.
Inside of the restaurant, you will see many pictures about the time when this place was under construction, pictures of our first monorail, the first cars in peru, etc.	Inside of the restaurant, you will see many pictures from the time when this place was under construction, pictures of our first monorail, the first cars in peru, etc.
The place is quite small but very comfortable.	The place is quite small but very comfortable.
The waiters are a bit old but they are really good.	The waiters are a bit old, but they are really good.
I feel very pleasant every time i go there, you can't not only find out about our food, but also you can find out a little bit about our history!	I feel very pleasant every time i go there.  You find out about not only our food but also a little bit about our history!
and  there are a lot of foreigners going there as well.	And there are a lot of foreigners going there as well.
The price it's quite normal and i find it reasonable since they cook very well.	The price is quite normal and I find it reasonable since they cook very well..
I would like to recommend this restaurant for all the tourists who are coming to visit Peru, if you plan to fill your stomach with something tradtional, fast, unique and good with such a ancient place like this, don't hesistate and go find it out for your own.	I would like to recommend this restaurant to all the tourists who are coming to visit Peru. If you plan to fill your stomach with something tradtional, fast, unique and good from an ancient place like this, don't hesistate and go find it out for yourself.
helloooo :D 	helloooo :D 
Hey guys!	Hey guys!
well, first of all i would like to introduce myself!	well, first of all i would like to introduce myself!
my name is Gustavo but everyone call me just Tavo!	my name is Gustavo but everyone just call me Tavo!
i'm a 24 years old ugly guy who is trying to get better on improving his english skills!	i'm a 24 years old ugly guy who is trying to get better on improving his english skills!
so yeah :D hm..	so yeah :D hm..
i'm currently studying english at one british peruvian institute here in the capital city Lima ( i live in peru xD) when i took the qualification test at first	i'm currently studying english at one british peruvian institute here in the capital city Lima ( i live in peru xD) when i took the qualification test at first!
i never thought i could even pass to the advanced level just like that!	i never thought i could even pass to the advanced level just like that!
because actually the whole career it's about hm 2 years and half!	because actually the whole career is about hm 2 years and half!
so i missed 2 years already!	so i missed 2 years already!
those are the basic and intermediate levels...	those are the basic and intermediate levels...
i remember that i was never good in english when i was at school!	i remember that i was never good in english when i was at school!
hm i just came back from japan after erm 6 years!	hm i just came back from japan after erm 6 years!
so i plan to stay here until hm get an international certifiacion and work or study abroad, meanwhile living in japan..	so i plan to stay here until I  get an international certification and work or study abroad, meanwhile living in japan..
i got to know many foreigners!	i got to know many foreigners!
besides i was surrounded by latin people!	besides i was surrounded by latin people!
but since i got to know my currently friends from myspace haha my improvement of english got actually quite better i think ^^" 	but since i got to know my current friends from myspace haha my english actually got quite better i think ^^"
I'm such a weird guy :D haha!	I'm such a weird guy :D haha!
hm..	hm..
i was born here in peru but actually, my family come from japaneses!	i was born here in peru but, actually, my family comes from japan
that's why i have "this" face ^^" hm what else..	that's why i have "this" face ^^" hm what else..
i would really love to get better in english!	i would really love to get better in english!
hm..	hm..
oh!	oh!
i'm working too haha!	i'm working too haha!
i sell medical and car insurances, but it's only for a while i guess..	i sell medical and car insurances, but it's only for a while i guess..
i need the money if i plan to move out of here!	i need the money if i plan to move out of here!
because my biggest dream is to move to England someday..	because my biggest dream is to move to England someday..
and be able to teach spanish for non-spanish speakers!	and be able to teach spanish to non-spanish speakers!
in december i will have the opportunity to take the FCE exam (first certification in english) soo yeah haha!	in december i will have the opportunity to take the FCE exam (first certification in english) soo yeah haha!
well..	well..
this is a little bit of me!	this is a little bit of me!
if i did some mistakes in this post...	if i made some mistakes in this post...
PLEASE!!	PLEASE!!
let me know about it ok?	let me know about it ok?
=) see you guys!!!	=) see you guys!!!
<3 	<3 
confused :( 	confused :( 
hm i don't even know how to start this new entry, i've never spoke about my feelings and personal things with other people, or people who i don't normally talk to...	hm i don't even know how to start this new entry, i've never spoke about my feelings and personal things with other people, or people who i don't normally talk to...
so the thing is, i like this girl!	so the thing is, i like this girl!
but the problem is that hm i feel like we are getting even more distance to each other!	but the problem is that hm i feel like we are getting even more distant from each other!
things are not the same as before actually, which hm makes me sad and very confused.	things are not the same as before actually, which hm makes me sad and very confused.
Somehow it feels like she doesn't care about me anymore..	Somehow it feels like she doesn't care about me anymore..
as she used to "show" me before...	as she used to "show" me before...
she is currently living in tawain!	she is currently living in tawain!
got an scholarship and she is going to stay there around 4-5 months!	got a scholarship and she is going to stay there around 4-5 months!
she is very excited and happy!	she is very excited and happy!
she always wanted to be in asia.	she always wanted to be in asia.
But the main reason of why i'm worried!	But the main reason of why i'm worried!
is that we could fall apart..	is that we could fall apart..
and i'm kind of scared!	and i'm kind of scared!
and i don't know what to do...	and i don't know what to do...
i know she probably is having some fun exploring the whole city, clubbing and stuff and she even told me that she doesn't have internet yet...	i know she probably is having some fun exploring the whole city, clubbing and stuff and she even told me that she doesn't have internet yet...
but i think that if she would be at least a little bit interested on me!	but i think that if she would be at least a little bit interested on me!
i guess she would even try to find the way to come online on msn or just..	i guess she would even try to find the way to come online on msn or just..
write me an email!	write me an email!
don't you think?	don't you think?
i'm sure there are a lot of cafe's and stuff...	i'm sure there are a lot of cafes and stuff...
but hm..	but hm..
we will see!	we will see!
she just arrived in taiwan 2 days ago..	she just arrived in taiwan 2 days ago..
so i guess she is getting use about everthing in there...	so i guess she is getting use to everything over there...
a big one...	a big one...
Sometimes i wonder if people deserve to be loved or if love it's something that we should fight for it and never give up...	Sometimes i wonder if people deserve to be loved or if love it's something that we should fight for it and never give up...
it's really hard and complicated to know and understand IF the person you think it's the right one, the one...	it's really hard and complicated to know and understand IF the person you think it's the right one, the one...
deserve to have your love!	to deserve to have your love!
so many people bring everything until fell satisfied with themselves!	so many people bring everything until fell satisfied with themselves!
"i really love her/him" " oh my god i'm such a nice lover, i deserve to be loved back" "i'm the best because i do love her with all my heart" haven't you heard these words before?	"i really love her/him" " oh my god i'm such a nice lover, i deserve to be loved back" "i'm the best because i do love her with all my heart" haven't you heard these words before?
i can bet you already heard them..	i can bet you already heard them..
but the truth is that, what's the point, what's the meaning to love if the other person doesn't even care about that?	but the truth is that, what's the point, what's the meaning to love if the other person doesn't even care about that?
if the other person doesn't even put a little bit effort to make things better huh?	if the other person doesn't even put a little bit effort to make things better huh?
should we continue loving?	should we continue loving?
or just give up..	or just give up..
that's one of the most common problems we have if we are into some relationship or even if we just like someone!	that's one of the most common problems we have if we are into some relationship or even if we just like someone!
to bring love it's not only about from one side!	to bring love it's not only about from one side!
it has to be from both sides...	it has to be from both sides...
what's the meaning to love someone if she/he doesn't show anything?where is the interest then?....	what's the meaning to love someone if she/he doesn't show anything?where is the interest then?....
this is something that i've been asking to myself for such a long time..	this is something that i've been asking to myself for such a long time..
and i can't find the answer yet...	and i can't find the answer yet...
maybe you know the answer!	maybe you know the answer!
My trip to Germany! 	My trip to Germany! 
It was a trip that i'll never forget.	It was a trip that i'll never forget.
I still can remember when i've been through all these things about the visa, documents and so on!	I still can remember when i've been through all these things about the visa, documents and so on!
but after all, i'd got everything well in my hands and the day finally came.	but after all, i'd got everything well in my hands and the day finally came.
I'd been planning this for 1 year and half i think, so i was really excited, curious about Germany and happy.	I'd been planning this for 1 year and half i think, so i was really excited, curious about Germany and happy.
I couldn't even imagine how it would there!	I couldn't even imagine how it would there!
the weather, being treated by new people, the culture, the food and everything!	the weather, being treated by new people, the culture, the food and everything!
so i was kind of desperate to land at the airport already.	so i was kind of desperate to land at the airport already.
Since the first day i arrived!	Since the first day i arrived!
my friend took me to many places such as malls, restaurants, a zoo, and of course!	my friend took me to many places such as malls, restaurants, a zoo, and of course!
we were going to clubs every night!	we were going to clubs every night!
we really had so much fun together.	we really had so much fun together.
Anyway, just after 2 short weeks!	Anyway, just after 2 short weeks!
my last day came..	my last day came..
and i didn't want to leave germany at all, i felt very good and pleasant!	and i didn't want to leave germany at all, i felt very good and pleasant!
but i couldn't change my flight because i had to go back to japan and keep on working.	but i couldn't change my flight because i had to go back to japan and keep on working.
That day was one of the most horrible and sad days in my life, my friend accompanied me to the airport, her mum even prepared some sweets for us for the way to the airport.	That day was one of the most horrible and sad days in my life, my friend accompanied me to the airport, her mum even prepared some sweets for us for the way to the airport.
Meanwhile we were talking about the whole trip and all the moments we'd spent together, i realized that i'd forgotten my flight ticket!	Meanwhile we were talking about the whole trip and all the moments we'd spent together, i realized that i'd forgotten my flight ticket!
omg i was so shocked and almost cried, and we'd been already more than the half way to arriving!	omg i was so shocked and almost cried, and we'd been already more than the half way to arriving!
so we just waited and at the end i decided to change my flight to another date.	so we just waited and at the end i decided to change my flight to another date.
After all, i really enjoyed my trip!	After all, i really enjoyed my trip!
it was a new experience and i really had so much fun!	it was a new experience and i really had so much fun!
it's something that i'll never forget...	it's something that i'll never forget...
Leaving...	Leaving...
The last picture...	The last picture...
at the airport.	at the airport.
I wish I could have cried at that moment, but I just couldn't,	I wish I could have cried at that moment, but I just couldn't,
and my heart was broken 'cause, I was leaving the place	and my heart was broken 'cause, I was leaving the place
that, for so long I was dreaming to visit.	that, for so long I was dreaming to visit.
The place where, for once on my entire life, I felt entirely happy.	The place where, for once on my entire life, I felt entirely happy.
Thanks to everyone I met there..	Thanks to everyone I met there..
good and bad expierences were	good and bad expierences were
absolutely worth it.	absolutely worth it.
And I'll remember every unique expierience, 	And I'll remember every unique expierience, 
with pleasure.	with pleasure.
And though, I'll definetely go back someday...	And though, I'll definetely go back someday...
it won't be the same without you...	it won't be the same without you...
Love you.	Love you.
Hello everyone!!	Hello everyone!!
I discovered this site a while ago, so I'll test it a bit.	I discovered this site a while ago, so I'll test it out a bit.
My name is Manuel.	My name is Manuel.
I'm studying Japanese and English, but my English is already good (not perfect, but I think is good enough ^^U).	I'm studying Japanese and English, but my English is already good (not perfect, but I think it's good enough ^^U). I agree!
So, I hope you can correct my bad Japanese.	So, I hope you can correct my bad Japanese.
My native language is Spanish.	My native language is Spanish.
I look forward to correct the Spanish mistakes (and English, if I can) of everyone.	I look forward to correcting everyone's Spanish mistakes (and English, if I can) . 
I began learning Japanese frome Anime and Manga (as most people do).	I began learning Japanese from Anime and Manga (as most people do).
A year ago, I began attending a Japanese class, but I think I still hava a lot of things to learn.	A year ago, I began taking a Japanese class, but I think I still hava a lot of things to learn. Again, what you have is fine, but this way is more natural :)
Well, I think is enough for today.	Well, I think is enough for today.
Another time I'll write something else.	I'll write something else another time.
Thanks for reading.	Thanks for reading.
Bye!	Bye!
Big Decicions, Big Trials	Big Decicions, Big Trials
In our life everyday we face trials which affects how we live now.	In our life everyday we face trials which affects how we live now.
In my life, I faced, and still do, challenges that helped me to grow up as a person.	In my life, I faced, and still do, challenges that helped me to grow up as a person.
when I was nineteen I stared to work in an elementary school as a teacher´s aid	when I was nineteen I stared to work in an elementary school as a teacher´s aid.
This job was the key in my life because I realized that I like to teach.	This job was the key in my life because I realized that I like to teach.
But at the beginning it was n´t easy because I never worked not only with little kids and also I did n´t work at all before.	But at the beginning it was n´t easy because I never worked not only with little kids and also I did n´t work at all before.
Once a little child stared to cry so loud and kicked me but, I don ´t how, I calm him.	Once a little child stared to cry so loud and kicked me but, I don ´t how, I calm him.
Maybe was the tune of my voice or the way I talked to him.	Maybe was the tune of my voice or the way I talked to him.
I can ´t imagine my life if I did n´t accept this job, really I can ´t.	I can ´t imagine my life if I did n´t accept this job, really I can ´t.
Another experience was when I went to USA as an Au Pair.	Another experience was when I went to USA as an Au Pair.
It was an incredible experience.	It was an incredible experience.
But I faced a lot of obstacles to realize my dream.	But I faced a lot of obstacles to realize my dream.
For example, the embassy denied me the visa twice.	For example, the embassy denied me the visa twice.
It was emotionally exhausting  but I kept trying until I got it.	It was emotionally exhausting  but I kept trying until I got it.
That experience let me knew how much I appreciate my family and my country.	That experience let me knew how much I appreciate my family and my country.
After many years working as a teacher´s aid, a huge opportunity showed up, a job as a teacher.	After many years working as a teacher´s aid, a huge opportunity showed up, a job as a teacher.
It was a big challenge and of course a big trial.	It was a big challenge and of course a big trial.
The green fairy test 	The green fairy test 
Once upon a time, in a far far away kingdom lived a little girl named Sophie whose parents had die very long time ago, so she lived alone with his grandmother in a little house near the main town, some people came to visit her grandma very often, according to people of the town,  Sophie’s Grandma Lady Ann as people called her ,  she can make people feel better.	Once upon a time, in a far far away kingdom lived a little girl named Sophie whose parents had die very long time ago, so she lived alone with his grandmother in a little house near the main town, some people came to visit her grandma very often, according to people of the town,  Sophie’s Grandma Lady Ann as people called her ,  she can make people feel better.
But one day Sophie found out that her grand ma was really sick, because  she have seen so many illness in her life that her body could not stand more the bad energies and started to make her sick as any other in the town, Sophie couldn’t believe it, she always have thought that her grandma was the strongest person she had ever known,  since Lady Ann was the only relative she had left, Sophie decided to go and look for a magical fairy that lives in the forest so she can help her grandma live longer.	But one day Sophie found out that her grand ma was really sick, because  she have seen so many illness in her life that her body could not stand more the bad energies and started to make her sick as any other in the town, Sophie couldn’t believe it, she always have thought that her grandma was the strongest person she had ever known,  since Lady Ann was the only relative she had left, Sophie decided to go and look for a magical fairy that lives in the forest so she can help her grandma live longer.
Sophie left his Grandma at the house of the town doctor and then head to the magical forest,  she spend several days in the forest without finding anything related to the magical fairy,  suddenly she run out of food and water, she had some injuries for walking so far and she feel like she couldn’t keep going anymore, then she fainted.	Sophie left his Grandma at the house of the town doctor and then head to the magical forest,  she spend several days in the forest without finding anything related to the magical fairy,  suddenly she run out of food and water, she had some injuries for walking so far and she feel like she couldn’t keep going anymore, then she fainted.
When she woke up, she was at a small house, close to her was a green snake who told her no to be afraid that she has finally arrived to the fairy house, Sophie was confused usually snake doesn’t talk, but after all she was there looking for a fairy, the a young woman came into the room she was all dressed in green and greet her with a smile.	When she woke up, she was at a small house, close to her was a green snake who told her no to be afraid that she has finally arrived to the fairy house, Sophie was confused usually snake doesn’t talk, but after all she was there looking for a fairy, the a young woman came into the room she was all dressed in green and greet her with a smile.
Sophie told her almost crying that she must save her Grandma, she was very sick for helping other and she doesn’t deserve to die like that, but the green fairy told her that there wasn’t anything to do with her grandma since she has already died, while Sophie left her three days after she died hoping to have her granddaughter to her side.	Sophie told her almost crying that she must save her Grandma, she was very sick for helping other and she doesn’t deserve to die like that, but the green fairy told her that there wasn’t anything to do with her grandma since she has already died, while Sophie left her three days after she died hoping to have her granddaughter to her side.
Sophie couldn’t believe it,  for three days and three nights she cried for her grandma, she didn’t eat nor talk, so the snake came to see her and propose her a deal, he will bring back grandma, but they will never could go out of the forest,  Sophie was about to say yes, when she remembered something that her grandma have told her since she was a baby “Think in the other first”, she realized that her grandma has always lived to help other people and haven’t got time for herself, she was being envious when thinking in bring her back to earth when she could probably be in heaven resting in peace after all, so she told the snake she didn’t want her back, when she said so, the snake became the green fairy and told her that her grandma was all right, that she will live more time and she could help her to make more people happy.	Sophie couldn’t believe it,  for three days and three nights she cried for her grandma, she didn’t eat nor talk, so the snake came to see her and propose her a deal, he will bring back grandma, but they will never could go out of the forest,  Sophie was about to say yes, when she remembered something that her grandma have told her since she was a baby “Think in the other first”, she realized that her grandma has always lived to help other people and haven’t got time for herself, she was being envious when thinking in bring her back to earth when she could probably be in heaven resting in peace after all, so she told the snake she didn’t want her back, when she said so, the snake became the green fairy and told her that her grandma was all right, that she will live more time and she could help her to make more people happy.
im trying to translate this text for a web page	im trying to translate this text for a web page
SAMANA PAMBA LODGE	SAMANA PAMBA LODGE
Samana Pamba Lodge is open to Ecuadorian and foreign tourists who enjoy outdoor activities and contact with nature.	Samana Pamba Lodge is open to Ecuadorian and foreign tourists who enjoy outdoor activities and contact with nature.
Within the agro tourist ranch find activities that will give our visitors an unforgettable experience.	Within the agro tourist ranch find activities that will give our visitors an unforgettable experience.
Located in the canton of Cayambe, an hour and a half from Quito, the Hacienda Samana Pamba is the perfect place to find peace and tranquillity that often do not get in the big cities.	Located in the canton of Cayambe, an hour and a half from Quito, the Hacienda Samana Pamba is the perfect place to find peace and tranquillity that often do not get in the big cities.
WHAT WE OFFER?	WHAT WE OFFER?
We have 10 hectares of land in the quietest, cozy and a landscape without equal	We have 10 hectares of land in the quietest, cozy and a landscape without equal.
We devote our efforts to provide a unique service and quality.	We devote our efforts to provide a unique service and quality.
The activities in Samana Pamba seeking to communicate experiences that to allow visitors to opt for a better lifestyle and simultaneously demonstrate the influence of nature in each of the people.	The activities in Samana Pamba seeking to communicate experiences that to allow visitors to opt for a better lifestyle and simultaneously demonstrate the influence of nature in each of the people.
Let your imagination and become a farmer for a day or better still give your family a chance to interact directly with animals, place orders, fed to cattle or harvest organic produce from our garden	Let your imagination and become a farmer for a day or better still give your family a chance to interact directly with animals, place orders, fed to cattle or harvest organic produce from our garden
Services: 	Services: 
• Accommodation	• Accommodation
• Camping	• Camping
• Food	• Food
• Agricultural Activities	• Agricultural Activities
• Tourist Packages	• Tourist Packages
How to find?	How to find?
Address: La Hacienda Samana Pamba is in the district of Cayambe, Pichincha province, Santa Ana Sector 10 km from central park.	Address: La Hacienda Samana Pamba is in the district of Cayambe, Pichincha province, Santa Ana Sector 10 km from central park.
Phone: 2235665	Phone: 2235665
Mobile: 097345088	Mobile: 097345088
e-mail: samanapamba@gmail.	e-mail: samanapamba@gmail.
com	com
www.	www.
samanapamba.	samanapamba.
com.	com.
ec	ec
TRADUCCIÓN PAQUETES	TRADUCCIÓN PAQUETES
TOUR PACKAGES	TOUR PACKAGES
Pamba Samana Lodge has the following packages:	Pamba Samana Lodge has the following packages:
1.	1.
Samana Pamba in passing by:	Samana Pamba in passing by:
For those who want a quickie but experience marked his life, we offer:	For those who want a quickie but experience marked his life, we offer:
Itinerary:	Itinerary:
• Departure from Quito or Otavalo (Well very early to reach the milking)	• Departure from Quito or Otavalo (Well very early to reach the milking)
• Arrival at Hacienda Samana Pamba	• Arrival at Hacienda Samana Pamba
• Milking	• Milking
• Plant a plant and give your name	• Plant a plant and give your name
• Harvest organic	• Harvest organic
And for those who want to completely disconnect from the world, we offer a range of very interesting and weekends: 	And for those who want to completely disconnect from the world, we offer a range of very interesting and weekends: 
2.	2.
Samana naturopathy Pamba 2 NIGHTS / 3 DAYS 	Samana naturopathy Pamba 2 NIGHTS / 3 DAYS 
The frenetic modern civilization, the bad eating habits and excessive medication are the most common causes of most diseases.	The frenetic modern civilization, the bad eating habits and excessive medication are the most common causes of most diseases.
Every individual is a natural tendency to health.	Every individual is a natural tendency to health.
Natural medicine power of the media themselves available to the body to cope with the illness and self-curing.	Natural medicine power of the media themselves available to the body to cope with the illness and self-curing.
If you have problems and find a place away from everything and everyone, Hacienda Samana Pamba is the solution.	If you have problems and find a place away from everything and everyone, Hacienda Samana Pamba is the solution.
Sometimes we need to think and to balance our lives to make correct decisions.	Sometimes we need to think and to balance our lives to make correct decisions.
Let nature help you to discover the true value you and as far as you can get.	Let nature help you to discover the true value you and as far as you can get.
Have a weekend alone or with and free from disturbing noises, television, radio, newspaper, telephone, Internet.	Have a weekend alone or with and free from disturbing noises, television, radio, newspaper, telephone, Internet.
Just  you and the nature.	Just  you and the nature.
You choose the activities you do: 	You choose the activities you do: 
• milking 	• milking 
• Planting 	• Planting 
• Harvesting 	• Harvesting 
• Animal feeding 	• Animal feeding 
• Wood Oven Cooking 	• Wood Oven Cooking 
• Cook on grill 	• Cook on grill 
• Cook in oven 	• Cook in oven 
• Painting 	• Painting 
• Reading 	• Reading 
• Drawing 	• Drawing 
• And many more activities	• And many more activities
3.	3.
Farmer for a Day: 2 NIGHTS / 3 DAYS	Farmer for a Day: 2 NIGHTS / 3 DAYS
But if you just want to have an experience that marked his life, we give you the opportunity to be a farmer for the duration of their hosting	But if you just want to have an experience that marked his life, we give you the opportunity to be a farmer for the duration of their hosting
But let him pace to a real farmer, perform daily activities across the estate and pass it fun.	But let him pace to a real farmer, perform daily activities across the estate and pass it fun.
DAY 1	DAY 1
Arrival at the Hacienda Samana Pamba: Afternoon	Arrival at the Hacienda Samana Pamba: Afternoon
Lunch	Lunch
DAY 2	DAY 2
Milking (5 am)	Milking (5 am)
Visit chicken: eggs for breakfast	Visit chicken: eggs for breakfast
Breakfast	Breakfast
Land Preparation	Land Preparation
Sowing products	Sowing products
Product Harvest Lunch	Product Harvest Lunch
Lunch	Lunch
Natural plants	Natural plants
Back to the farm: Food animal	Back to the farm: Food animal
Dinner	Dinner
DAY 3	DAY 3
Milking (5 am)	Milking (5 am)
Planting a flower	Planting a flower
Farewell luncheon: artisan food preparation	Farewell luncheon: artisan food preparation
Visit the town of Cayambe: Shopping	Visit the town of Cayambe: Shopping
Leaving the ranch	Leaving the ranch
                                             My Dream Place to Visit	                                             My Dream Place to Visit
My dream place to visit is Brazil for three raesons.	My dream place to visit is Brazil for three reasons.
Frist, Brazil has the bigest rain forest in the world.	First, Brazil has the biggest rainforest in the world.
Second, it has too many beautiful cities that I like to visit.	Second, it has so many beautiful cities that I would like to visit.
Finaly, the soccer World Cup it’s going to be in Brazil.	Finally, the World Cup is going to be in Brazil.
For this three reasons I choos Brazil like my dream place to visit.	For these three reasons I choose Brazil as my dream place to visit.
What happen now a day with the music?	What is happening nowadays with music?
I can´t understand why most of the people listen the shame music everywhere, you can come to Spain or I can go to Thailand and there will be playing the shame fucking music every day,  some body can explain this to me because I´m not able to understand.	I can´t understand why most people listen to the same music everywhere; you can come to Spain or I can go to Thailand and in either place the same fucking music will be playing every day, can somebody explain this to me because I´m not able to understand.
Something doesn´t work in your head ladies and gentlemen because of the music isn´t only the MTV superstars at least for me no.	Something isn't right with your heads, ladies and gentlemen, because the music promoted on MTV is not the only music in the world.
Beside the humanity has been creating music since the prehistory but common guys ha ha ha I don´t want say to you should to be creating music hitting skulls whit sticks or you have to be listening always oldies, I only what to say open your mind brothers and sisters.	Humanity has been creating music since the prehistoric era -- come on guys ha ha ha I'm not telling you to play music by hitting skulls with sticks or that you have to be always listening to oldies . I am only telling you to open your minds, brothers and sisters.
Unfortunately in my town pubs there is a small variety of music but I´ll go to London the 8th of May for four months, of course if I`ll found there one job to survive during this period because it´s really expensive, my favourite pub there is I´m nothing but a bit small and near to Picadilly but everyday play live blues music.	Unfortunately, in my town pubs there is little variety in music, but I´ll go to London the 8th of May for four months. Of course, if I could find a job there, I'll work to survive during this period because it´s really expensive to live there. My favourite pub there is "I´m Nothing." It's a bit small and it's near Picadilly; but everyday they have live blues music.
Bye-Bye.	Bye-Bye.
Interests 	Interests 
INTERESTS	INTERESTS
Travel to visit new places, meet new people and know different styles of lives.	Travel to visit new places, meet new people and know different lifestyles.
Learning languages to be able to communicate whit people from other countries,	Learning languages to be able to communicate with people from other countries.
Sports particularity team sports because you build very strong ties of friendship.	Sports, particularity team sports, because you build very strong ties of friendship.
Fashion world because is something chameleonic, it´s always changing and creating new things.	Fashion world, because it is something chameleonic; it´s always changing and creating new things.
Help	Help
Hi!	Hi!
I'm really new with the english, my grammar and my vocabulary is really bad.	I'm really new with English. My grammar and my vocabulary is really bad.
I need much help, please help me.	I need a lot of help, please help me.
Internet	The Internet
These days it`s impossible to imagine a world without internet, but in the 1980s it was used only for a handful of people like scientists and so on.	These days it`s impossible to imagine a world without internet, but in the 1980s it was used only by a handful of people like scientists and so on.
These days it`s impossible to imagine a world without internet, but in the 1980s it was used only for a handful of people like scientists and so on.	These days it`s impossible to imagine a world without the internet, but in the 1980s it was used only by a handful of people like scientists and so on.
The internet was invented in the 1960s as a part of US governmetn defence plan.	The internet was invented in the 1960s as a part of US government's defence plan.
The internet was invented in the 1960s as a part of US governmetn defence plan.	The internet was invented in the 1960s as a part of the US government's defence plan.
It first went online in 1969 but the system always crashed and it was very difficult to use.	It first went online in 1969 but the system always crashed and it was very difficult to use.
In 1989 the world wide web was created and in 1990, the public were allowed to acces it.	In 1989 the world wide web was created and in 1990, the public were allowed to access it.
In 1989 the world wide web was created and in 1990, the public were allowed to acces it.	In 1989, the world wide web was created, and in 1990, the public was allowed to access it.
The way it brings people together has revolutionised the global communication by the E-mail, chat rooms, forums, blogs and so on, allowing us to share our opinions.	The way it brings people together has revolutionized global communication by E-mail, chat rooms, forums, blogs and so on, allowing us to share our opinions.
The way it brings people together has revolutionised the global communication by the E-mail, chat rooms, forums, blogs and so on, allowing us to share our opinions.	The way it brings people together has revolutionised global communication via e-mail, chat rooms, forums, blogs and so on, allowing us to share our opinions.
The most interesting thing about internet is that it isn`t owned by any government, organisation or corporation.	The most interesting thing about the internet is that it isn`t owned by any government, organisation or corporation.
Please correct my writing if you have time.	Please correct my writing if you have time.
For and against: Flying by plane	For and against: Flying by plane
People who make long travels always prefer flying by plane, but is it a good idea flying by plane in case of shorter journeys?.	People who make long travels always prefer flying by plane, but is it a good idea flying by plane in the case of shorter journeys?.
One major advanatage about flying by plane is that they arefaster than any other means of transport.	One major advantage of flying by plane is that they are faster than any other means of transport.
A further advantage is that they are very comfortable, no to mention the fact that you are attended by an air hostess.	A further advantage is that they are very comfortable, no to mention the fact that you are attended to by an air hostess.
On the other hand it is quite expensive.	On the other hand it is quite expensive.
Besides, it is not a good service on Argentina, especially, because of strikes.	Besides, it is not a reliable service in Argentina, especially because of frequent strikes.
What is more, it is not recommended to peaople who are afraid of eights or flying.	What is more, it is not recommended to people who are afraid of heights or flying.
Taking everything into account, there are both advantages and disadvantages in flying by plane.	Taking everything into account, there are both advantages and disadvantages to flying by plane.
In the end, it is up to the individual to decide whether the pleasure of travelling by plane worth the money you pay for.	In the end, it is up to the individual to decide whether the pleasure of traveling by plane is worth the money .
(yes, it is boring, but homework is homework XD)	(yes, this text is boring, but homework is homework XD)
My debt	My debt
Last week, I bought a new car.	Last week, I bought a new car.
To make it possible,I had to take out a loan from the bank.	To make it possible, I had to take out a loan from the bank.
So, now I have to work hard to pay off it.	So now I have to work hard to pay it off.
I also have to pay back money that I owe my parents.	I also have to pay back money that I owe my parents.
The hole debt comes to about XXXX.	The whole debt comes to about XXXX.
The hole debt comes to about XXXX.	All my debt comes out to about XXXX.
Therefore, I`m savig up all I can to give back the money.	Therefore, I`m saving up all I can to give back the money.
Besides this, I`ve to go through university and it`s a huge financial problem.	On top of all that, I have to go through university and it`s a huge financial problem.
Report	Report
Public transport in Argentina seems to be deterioring throughout the years, and it doesn`t seem to be changing because of non-investing politics.	Public transport in Argentina seems to be deterioring throughout the years, and it doesn`t seem to be changing due to a lack of government investment.
According to the research I did, traveling and testing the public transport service, it has changed from transport of the 80s.	According to the research I did, travelling and testing the public transport service, it has changed from the transport of the 80s.
It seems to be dirtier and unsafer than it used to be 30 year ago.	It seems to be dirtier and less safe than it used to be 30 years ago.
Generally speaking, though, people prefer travelling by public service due to it is cheaper than any other means of transport.	Generally speaking, though, people prefer travelling by public service due to it being cheaper than any other means of transport.
Nevertheless, it tends to be stressfull since it is not a reliable service, and it isn`t always on time.	Nevertheless, it tends to be stressful since it is not a reliable service, and it isn`t always on time.
Apparently transports like trains and buses tend to be unpuntual and people complain about it everyday.	Apparently transports like trains and buses are seldom punctual and people complain about it everyday.
In spite of unpuntuality, million of peole travel by them every day and precariousness(?) doesn`t seem to be changing in the near future.	In spite of their lack of punctuality, millions of people use them every day and their precariousness doesn't seem to be changing in the near future.
To improve the transport situation, it`s necessary to make a lot of investment and to implement politics that take care of public service like better cleaning service and, what is more important, not to forget to educate people on the caring of them.	To improve the transport situation, it's necessary to make a lot of investment and to implement politics that take care of public service like a better cleaning service and, more importantly, not to forget to educate people on the caring of them.
If all of this is implemented, the precarious situation would change and they could be like first world countries` public transports, cleaner, safer and on time.	If all of this is implemented, the precarious situation would change and they could be like first world countries` public transports, cleaner, safer and on time.
Survey: Internet habits	Survey: Internet habits
1) How much time do you spend on internet every week?	1) How much time do you spend on internet every week?
a)less than 2 hours	a)less than 2 hours
b)between 2 and 6 hours	b)between 2 and 6 hours
c)more than 6 hours	c)more than 6 hours
2)Do you usually play online RPG?	2)Do you often play online RPGs?
a)yes, a lot	a)yes, a lot
b)yes, but only a bit	b)yes, but only a bit
c)no, never	c)no, never
3)Do you download music from (illegal) websites?	3)Do you download music from (illegal) websites?
a)yes, always	a)yes, often
b)sometimes	b)sometimes
c)no, never.	c)no, never.
I buy music	I buy music
4)Do you usually visit any blog or forum?	4)Do you frequent any blog or forum?
a)yes, I`m an addict	a)yes, I`m an addict
b)sometimes	b)sometimes
c)no, I hate them	c)no, I am not interested
5)Do you have any social red account?	5)Do you have an account on any social networking site?
(facebook, twitter and so on)	(facebook, twitter and so on)
a)yes, I love them	a)yes, I love them
b)yes, but just for work	b)yes, but just for work
c)No I don`t need them	c)No I don`t need them
Scolarship application ^^	Scolarship application ^^
Hey everyone!	Hey everyone!
This is my first English journal (already have a few in japanese ^^)	This is my first English journal (already have a few in japanese ^^)
I had previously decided not to write in English, because I already practice with my family in Australia (casual conversations), but they're too nice to correct my mistakes, so I'm counting on you ;-)	I had previously decided not to write in English, because I already practice with my family in Australia (casual conversations), but they're too nice to correct my mistakes, so I'm counting on you ;-)
Here it goes:	Here it goes:
I'm applying for an UWC (United World Colleges) scholarship this year, actually I have the interview this saturday so, you can imagine how nervous I am.	I'm applying for an UWC (United World Colleges) scholarship this year, actually I have the interview this saturday so, you can imagine how nervous I am.
Some of you might have heard of this organization, for those who haven't I'll explain a little ^ ^	Some of you might have heard of this organization, for those who haven't I'll explain a little ^ ^
Some people say it's an international school, might be.., but in fact it's a lot more than that.	Some people say it's an international school, and it might be.., but in fact it's a lot more than that.
It's a non-profit organization that brings students from around the globe together, students are selected on merit through a total or partial scholarship program, so the ability to pay isn't taken in count at all.	It's a non-profit organization that brings students from around the globe together. Students are selected based on merit through a total or partial scholarship program, so the ability to pay isn't taken into account at all.
All the selected students get to go to one of the 13 UWC around the world, the locations are: Norway, Netherlands, Wales, Italy, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Swaziland, Singapore, India, Hong Kong, USA, Canada, Costa Rica and Venezuela.	All the selected students get to go to one of the 13 UWC around the world, the locations are: Norway, Netherlands, Wales, Italy, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Swaziland, Singapore, India, Hong Kong, USA, Canada, Costa Rica and Venezuela.
The biggest aim of the colleges is to use education to achieve international understanding and peace :)	The biggest aim of the colleges is to use education to achieve international understanding and peace :)
I want one of those scholarships so bad, it's my dream to get to know more of the world, get to know a lot of cultures, to be able to speak foreign languages fluently.	I want one of those scholarships so bad, it's my dream to get to know more of the world, to get to know a lot of cultures, and to be able to speak foreign languages fluently.
And being able to learn all of that from people with such different backgrounds, it's what makes UWC so special to me, it's the perfect place for everything that I want to do.	And being able to learn all of that from people with such different backgrounds is what makes UWC so special to me, it's the perfect place for everything that I want to do.
Besides living in campus with classmates, studying, working ( community service ) and a lot more things.	Besides living in campus with classmates, studying, working ( community service ) and a lot more things.
I just can't imagine the way it wouldn't impact on my life, such a wonderful experience.	I just can't imagine the way it would impact my life, such a wonderful experience.
In my country only three of these scholarships are available this year: Norway, Singapore and Italy.	In my country only three of these scholarships are available this year: Norway, Singapore and Italy.
I don't actually know the number of applicants this year but it won't surpass 40 people ^^	I don't actually know the number of applicants this year but it won't surpass 40 people ^^
So if I get selected, get ready norwegian, italian and chinese speakers because I might ask for some help XD 	So if I get selected, get ready norwegian, italian and chinese speakers because I might ask for some help XD 
Thanks a lot for reading!!!	Thanks a lot for reading!!!
and sorry if it was too long 	and sorry if it was too long 
(couldn't help it )  ^ ^     	(couldn't help it )  ^ ^     
Take care =)	Take care =)
Hi	Hi
Hello everybody I want to share with you a litle bit about miself my 	Hello everybody I want to share with you a litle bit about miself my 
name is Evelin I live in tulsa,oklahoma, I'm studying english getting 	name is Evelin I live in tulsa,oklahoma, I'm studying english getting 
prepared for the toefl test, hoppefully I will be able to pass the test, 	prepared for the toefl test, hoppefully I will be able to pass the test, 
I'm playing indoor soccer with my friends from school it's kind of fun.	I'm playing indoor soccer with my friends from school it's kind of fun.
"Designer Baby"	"Designer Baby"
Last week, I heard in the local news in my country that for the first time in Spain a baby was born without a genetic mutation that increases the risk of breast cancer.	Last week, I heard in the local news in my country that for the first time in Spain a baby was born without a genetic mutation that increases the risk of breast cancer.
I was really amazed because I was aware of the profound ethical debate that has been taking place in the previous years regarding the dangers of what is colloquially known as "designer baby" and genetic modification of human beings.	I was really amazed because I was aware of the profound ethical debate that has been taking place in the previous years regarding the dangers of what is colloquially known as "designer baby" and genetic modification of human beings.
Nevertheless, when I read the article more carefully , I found out that, in fact, what they had done was a procedure known as "Pre-implantation Genetic Diagnosis" or PIGD.	Nevertheless, when I read the article more carefully , I found out that, in fact, what they had done was a procedure known as "Pre-implantation Genetic Diagnosis" or PIGD.
In summary, the procedure uses in vitro fertilization of eggs and sperm form the parents, and then, a screening for a given trait (the genetic mutation in this case) is performed so that only the desired embryos are implanted back into the mother.	In summary, the procedure uses in vitro fertilization of eggs and sperm form the parents, and then, a screening for a given trait (the genetic mutation in this case) is performed so that only the desired embryos are implanted back into the mother.
That is, all of the embryos that carry the genetic mutation are discarded.	That is, all of the embryos that carry the genetic mutation are discarded.
PIGD does not involve any kind of genetic modification, instead it is an in vitro selection procedure.	PIGD does not involve any kind of genetic modification, instead it is an in vitro selection procedure.
Nonetheless, this is still very controversial given that by performing this procedure not all the embryos obtained are given the same opportunity to implant and develop into a fetus (as would have been the case if no artificial selection was applied).	Nonetheless, this is still very controversial given that by performing this procedure not all the embryos obtained are given the same opportunity to implant and develop into a fetus (as would have been the case if no artificial selection was applied).
I think that the application of this kind of procedures was both foreseen and inevitable.	I think that the application of this kind of procedures was both foreseen and inevitable.
With the advent of new techniques in molecular biology and colossal amounts of information about our genome and how it can be used to predict our risk of developing a given disease, it is just natural that more and more examples of this kind of application are going to be seen in the near future.	With the advent of new techniques in molecular biology and colossal amounts of information about our genome and how it can be used to predict our risk of developing a given disease, it is just natural that more and more examples of this kind of application are going to be seen in the near future.
It is up to us to be informed about this subject so that we can support certain laws and regulations that could eventually protect us from the dangers resulting from inappropriate use of this technology.	It is up to us to be informed about this subject so that we can support certain laws and regulations that could eventually protect us from the dangers resulting from inappropriate use of this technology.
Lies	Lies
Sometimes we lie not because we have evil intentions but because saying the truth would be too rude or inappropriate.	Sometimes we lie not because we have evil intentions but because saying the truth would be too rude or inappropriate.
The thing is that usually we get caught eventually, and all the effort done in order to be polite ends up being useless and deteriorates the relationship we wanted to protect.	The thing is that usually we get caught eventually, and all the effort done in order to be polite ends up being useless and deteriorates the relationship we wanted to protect.
Lying is very easy.	Lying is very easy.
It takes a lot of courage and self-confidence to be candid and outspoken, but I think it is worth the effort.	It takes a lot of courage and self-confidence to be candid and outspoken, but I think it is worth the effort.
It feels right to say that the truth is always the right answer, but sometimes the truth can cause more harm than a lie.	It feels right to say that the truth is always the right answer, but sometimes the truth can cause more harm than a lie.
I wish there was a magical formula or equation that told us when it is appropriate to choose one over the other.	I wish there was a magical formula or equation that told us when it is appropriate to choose one over the other.
Homework	Homework
My name is Misael and my article is about pulque, which is a traditional beverage from my country.	My name is Misael and my article is about pulque, which is a traditional beverage from my country.
The Aztecs considered the pulque as the drink of the gods, and it was once very common to find people who sold it.	The Aztecs considered the pulque as the drink of the gods, and it was once very common to find people who sold it.
Today it exists in many different flavors such as oatmeal, pineapple or cactus fruit.	Today it exists in many different flavors such as oatmeal, pineapple or cactus fruit.
Although some people often find the consistency of pulque to be daft, I think it is really such a delicious and cool beverage	Although some people often find the consistency of pulque to be daft, I think it is really such a delicious and cool beverage
it is relatively cheap and sold in pulcatas (pulcatas is the place where the people sell pulque).	it is relatively cheap and sold in pulcatas (pulcatas is the place where the people sell pulque).
Mexico City is very famous for places such as "La risa" or "La hija de los Apaches."	Mexico City is very famous for places such as "La risa" or "La hija de los Apaches."
Apart from being a beverage, it's also used in many dishes or sauces as a main ingredient.	Apart from being a beverage, it's also used in many dishes or sauces as a main ingredient.
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
Hello,	Hello,
I'm trying to learn english by myself because it's dificult to entry in a good english academy here.	I'm trying to learn english by myself because it's dificult to be accepted in a good English academy here.
I'm in 4 year of computer science in the upv(Valencia) and I need to know english very well for my working future.	I'm in the upv(Valencia) for 4 years of computer science and I need to know English very well for my working future.
I hope we talk soon	I hope we talk soon
Innocence	Innocence
A soft white rabbit was jumping happily in a forest.	A soft white rabbit was jumping happily in a forest.
The ground, covered by flowers in bloom, remained listening his little feet resounding in the silence.	The ground, covered by flowers in bloom, remained listening his little feet resounding in the silence.
There were no more sounds along the lonely forest and the bunny just kept jumping.	There were no more sounds along the lonely forest and the bunny just kept jumping.
He was completely focussed on his goal: find that peaceful green plain with a powerful waterfall where he found the thing.	He was completely focussed on his goal: find that peaceful green plain with a powerful waterfall where he found the thing.
That dazzling strange thing that awakes his curiosity.	That dazzling strange thing that awakes his curiosity.
Suddenly, the rabbit stopped.	Suddenly, the rabbit stopped.
A persistent sound of water falling started to overcome his senses.	A persistent sound of water falling started to overcome his senses.
The thing was just a few steps away...	The thing was just a few steps away...
i m new here	i m new here
hi everybody	hi everybody
Today...	Today...
Today i got out of work at 12:30AM i skated home like i always do,i find it fun because there is a down hill and it is fun to ride down a hill on your skateboard.	Today I got off work at 12:30AM. I skated home like I always do; I find it fun because there is a hill and it is fun to ride down a hill on your skateboard.
Today i got out of work at 12:30AM i skated home like i always do,i find it fun because there is a down hill and it is fun to ride down a hill on your skateboard.	Today, I got out of work at 12:30AM and skated home like I always do. I enjoy it because there is a down hill and it is fun to ride down a hill on your skateboard.
I arrived home somewhere around 1:00AM, i ate a burrito i made for my self, then i started studying some Kanji, Kanji is fun to study because it feels like if you are drawing rather than writing, and i love to draw.	I arrived home somewhere around 1:00AM, I ate a burrito I made for myself, then I started studying some Kanji. Kanji is fun to study because it feels like you are drawing rather than writing, and I love to draw.
I arrived home somewhere around 1:00AM, i ate a burrito i made for my self, then i started studying some Kanji, Kanji is fun to study because it feels like if you are drawing rather than writing, and i love to draw.	I arrived home somewhere around 1:00AM. I ate a burrito that I made for my self, then I started studying some Kanji. Kanji is fun to study because it feels like you are drawing rather than writing, and i love to draw.
Hi !	Hi !
Hello everybody, my name is Camila and I'm from Chile.	Hello everybody, my name is Camila and I'm from Chile.
I really love speak english, that's amazing language, but I don't speak very good, so for that reason I need you help!If I write something bad, please just tell me!	I really love to speak English, because it's an amazing language. But I don't speak very well, so I need your help! If I write something bad, please just tell me!
So that's all	This is correct, but not idiomatic, "That's all for now" would sound more like a native speaker 
Bye	Bye
(:	(:
when you get cuaght between the moon and new york city , I know it's crazy but it's true.!	When you get caught between the moon and New York City -- I know it's crazy but it's true! 
where is the heart.?	Where is the heart?
where gone the past?	Where has the past gone?
where gone your happiness face?	Where has your happy face gone?
everything has changed eventually, sometimes it's better, sometimes not.....	Everything changes eventually, sometimes for the better, sometimes not.....
about this page practicing my poor english xD 	About this page practicing my poor english xD 
I think that this page is really interesting because you can learn a lot.!	I think that this page is really interesting because you can learn a lot.!
I guess that I'll be writing on this page often, if you can point out my mistakes I'll be happy and I'll be able to correct my mistakes!	I guess that I'll be writing on this page often, if you can point out my mistakes I'll be happy and I'll be able to correct my mistakes!
thanks and god bless you .!	Thanks and God bless you!
nite.!	Good night!
I'll be a hectic day UU ...	It'll be a hectic day UU ...
Hello everyone.!	Hello everyone.!
As I said I'll have a Horrible Hectic day at school, from 5pm to 8pm I'll have free time because my theacher won't go.	As I said I'll have a horrible, hectic day at school, from 5pm to 8pm I'll have free time because my teacher will be absent.
I'll get boring , I know Uu ...	It'll get boring , I know Uu ...
, and I have to do a lot of homework for my english exams.!	, and I have to do a lot of homework for my english exams.!
='( ...	='( ...
hey by the way, I'm so glad.!	hey by the way, I'm so glad.!
I'm going to United States on june.!	I'm going to the United States in June.!
somebody here lives there.?	Does anybody here live there?
..	..
please i need that you tell me places that I can visit there (: 	Please I need you to tell me places that I can visit there (: 
Thank you.!	Thank you!
Have a good day and God bless you 	Have a good day and God bless you.
@Sergio Iglesias, México 	@Sergio Iglesias, México 
"Trials in your life"	"Trials in your life"
In my opinion the trials always has present in our life.	In my opinion the trials always has present in our life.
Every time we should be strong and we should have positive mind for looking a solution to our problems.	Every time we should be strong and we should have positive mind for looking a solution to our problems.
First, sometimes is better has trials because we every day trying overcome.	First, sometimes is better has trials because we every day trying overcome.
For example, if the people disability have normal live with their disabilities and have a solution why not us?.	For example, if the people disability have normal live with their disabilities and have a solution why not us?.
When we have some diseases and sometimes we're depressed because sometimes we feel defeated and alone , but we do not look the help of our family that is more important to be strong every day.	When we have some diseases and sometimes we're depressed because sometimes we feel defeated and alone , but we do not look the help of our family that is more important to be strong every day.
The most important reason that is, this obstacles teaching us to win and lost.	The most important reason that is, this obstacles teaching us to win and lost.
The past always reminds you to do the correct action for not to make the same mistake.	The past always reminds you to do the correct action for not to make the same mistake.
Finally, every moment of our life we grow up how person.	Finally, every moment of our life we grow up how person.
hi everyone	hi everyone
hi there, I´ve just joined to Lang-8.	hi there, I just joined Lang-8.
I hope I will improve my english skills.	I hope I will improve my english skills.
Also I know a little bit of russian.	Also I know a little bit of russian.
If anyone is interested in learning spanish let meknow ok.	If anyone is interested in learning spanish let me know ok.
BYE.	BYE.
introducing myself	introducing myself
hi..review	hi..review
its been a long 3 month summer vacation and now its time to go back to school..	its been a long 3 month summer vacation and now its time to go back to school..
we are doing some review and a just want to check if my work is right because i forgot a lot of things...	we are doing some review and a just want to check if my work is right because i forgot a lot of things...
i just need to change some verbs to -ます form...	i just need to change some verbs to -ます form...
thanks for the help	thanks for the help
IF MY GRANDMOTHER WERE ALIVE	If my grandmother were alive.
I don´T met my grandmother because she	I haven't met my grandmother because she
I don´T met my grandmother because she	I never met my grandmother because she
I don´T met my grandmother because she	I didn't meet my grandmother, because she
died 10 years before i born.	died 10 years before i was born.
died 10 years before i born.	died 10 years before I was born.
died 10 years before i born.	died 10 years before I was born.
But i guess that if my grandmother were alive	But I guess that if my grandmother were alive
But i guess that if my grandmother were alive	But I guess if my grandmother were alive,
she must be very funny and happy and she smile every time and we	she would be very funny and happy and smile every time and we
she must be very funny and happy and she smile every time and we	she would be very funny and happy and she would smile all the time and we
she must be very funny and happy and she smile every time and we	she would be very funny and happy, she would smile all time, and we
can go to the cinema or any place to talk and take a coffee.	go to the cinema or any place to talk and have coffee.
can go to the cinema or any place to talk and take a coffee.	would go to the cinema or any place to talk and have a coffee.
can go to the cinema or any place to talk and take a coffee.	could go to the cinema or any place to talk and have coffee.
If my grandmother be alive she may buy me clothes and	If my grandmother were alive she might buy me clothes and
If my grandmother be alive she may buy me clothes and	If my grandmother were alive maybe she would buy me clothes and
If my grandmother be alive she may buy me clothes and	If my grandmother were alive she might buy me clothes,
many candies and ice creams and she will take me to	many candies and ice cream and she would take me to
many candies and ice creams and she will take me to	many candies and ice creams and she would take me to
many candies and ice creams and she will take me to	candy, and ice cream, and she would take me to
visit disneyland!!	visit Disneyland!!
visit disneyland!!	Disneyland!!
my grandmother must be the best granmother of the world	my grandmother would be the best grandmother in the world
my grandmother must be the best granmother of the world	My grandmother would have been the best grandmother in the world
my grandmother must be the best granmother of the world	My grandmother would be the best grandmother in the world.
it´s to bad that my mother is die	it´s too bad that my grandmother is dead.
it´s to bad that my mother is die	It´s too bad that my grandmother is dead.
it´s to bad that my mother is die	It's too bad that she is dead.
Brief introduction in English	Brief introduction in English
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
If you are reading this I'm more than thankful for that.	If you are reading this I'm more than thankful.
I haven't really been studying English but as I'm living in a English speaking country I came to learn it naturally.	I haven't really been studying English but as I'm living in an English speaking country I came to learn it naturally.
Of course I'm not saying I'm a native speaker, I'm far far away from that.	Of course I'm not saying I'm a native speaker, I'm far far away from that.
I'm afraid my mother tongue which is Spanish influences my English a lot.	I'm afraid my mother tongue, which is Spanish, influences my English a lot.
I've found myself several times trying to say something the way I'd do it in Spanish, and as those languages are quite similar each other sometimes I trust too much in that deed trying to say a word I don't know in English using my Spanish vocab with a weird accent because maybe the word is similar in both languages, which sometimes works but most of the times it doesn't.	I've found myself several times trying to say something the way I'd do it in Spanish, since those languages are quite similar each other. Sometimes I trust too much in that way of trying to say a word I don't know in English using my Spanish vocab with a weird accent - because maybe the word is similar in both languages. This sometimes works but most of the time it doesn't.
Anyway, I believe that this site will help to train my brain to think the way a native English speaker would think.	Anyway, I believe that this site will help to train my brain to think the way a native English speaker would think.
I've found myself really enjoying learning new languages because I believe languages are not only words or grammatical structures but a way to deliver your mind to people you wouldn't even imagine, and I came to realised that languages contain the culture and I'd go farther and say the heart, the passion and manners of the people.	I've found myself really enjoying learning new languages because I believe languages are not only words or grammatical structures but a way to deliver your thoughts to people you wouldn't normally. I came to realise that languages contain the culture, the heart, the passion and manners of the people in question.
I'd like to encourage the people out there to learn a second and why not a third tongue as it is a great experience.	I'd like to encourage the people out there to learn a second and possibly a third language as it is a great experience.
hello	Hello
i'm new en this web, i just know something in english but my goal is learn a lot of english language, also i want to meet friends to talk and improve     the language.	I'm new on this website. I know some English but my goal is to learn more of the English language. I also want to meet friends to talk with and to improve my language skills.
i hope you correct me.	I hope you correct me.
2.3. Ruta del Inka Project	2.3. Ruta del Inka Project
2.3.	2.3.
In principle and in order to facilitate student participation the project has been divided in two parts, nevertheless   it is going to be allowed to participate in the whole journey if the student has enough time and the possibility to do it but in order to do that it will be necessary anticipate actions.	In principle and in order to facilitate student participation the project has been divided in two parts, nevertheless   it is going to be allowed to participate in the whole journey if the student has enough time and the possibility to do it but in order to do that it will be necessary anticipate actions.
2.2.3 Ruta del Inka Project	2.2.3 Ruta del Inka Project
2.2.3 The second and definitive group inaugurate their activities on July 26th in Panama City.	2.2.3 The second and definitive group inaugurate their activities on July 26th in Panama City.
Here a new group of around 200 participants will continue the journey thru the main archeological complexes and indigenes reserve of Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala, closing their activities on Monday 30th of August  at Tikal National Park.	Here a new group of around 200 participants will continue the journey thru the main archeological complexes and indigenes reserve of Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala, closing their activities on Monday 30th of August  at Tikal National Park.
2.4. Ruta del Inka Project	2.4. Ruta del Inka Project
2.4.	2.4.
In merit of bringing institutions closer together, we will have entities in charge of the student selection process in each part the journey.	In merit of bringing institutions closer together, we will have entities in charge of the student selection process in each part the journey.
In this way , unless a better opinion, the first of the journey the institution in charge of receiving students applications will be Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos, venue in Lima (Peru).	In this way , unless a better opinion, the first of the journey the institution in charge of receiving students applications will be Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos, venue in Lima (Peru).
For the second part, the participant selection process will be done with the help of Universidad de Costa Rica.	For the second part, the participant selection process will be done with the help of Universidad de Costa Rica.
2.1 Rurta del Inka Project	2.1 Rurta del Inka Project
ADVANCES:	ADVANCES:
In order to raise awareness on Ruta del Inka’s purposes and objectives, visits  has been made visits by the coordinators  in each country till Mexico receiving good prospects.	In order to raise awareness on Ruta del Inka’s purposes and objectives, visits  has been made visits by the coordinators  in each country till Mexico receiving good prospects.
Now we undertake tracking to these actions under Diplomatic Missions  which are going to be complemented with  new meetings in each country  in order to define pending details.	Now we undertake tracking to these actions under Diplomatic Missions  which are going to be complemented with  new meetings in each country  in order to define pending details.
From our website www.	From our website www.
rutainka.	rutainka.
org  we will spread our coordination advances and the design of the program who will fulfilled and furthermore promote the call of this adventure.	org  we will spread our coordination advances and the design of the program who will fulfilled and furthermore promote the call of this adventure.
2.4.3. Ruta del Inka Project	2.4.3. Ruta del Inka Project
2.4.3.	2.4.3.
In principle, these entities will be responsible of the selection process.	In principle, these entities will be responsible of the selection process.
After of evaluating the main requirements shown in Ruta del Inka website.	After of evaluating the main requirements shown in Ruta del Inka website.
This implies the elaboration and circulation of propaganda (posters, fliers, meetings).	This implies the elaboration and circulation of propaganda (posters, fliers, meetings).
These information should be reachable for college applicants.	These information should be reachable for college applicants.
Also it is important the spread out of news in different mass media resources, it is important to encourage participants and collaborator institutions to visit our website www.	Also it is important the spread out of news in different mass media resources, it is important to encourage participants and collaborator institutions to visit our website www.
rutainka.	rutainka.
org	org
2.2 Ruta del Inka Project	2.2 Ruta del Inka Project
2.2.	2.2.
Because of the great distance between Tiahuanaco (Bolivia) and Tikal (Guatemala), the expedition will have duration of 71 days, from 21st of June till the 30th of August of 2010.	Because of the great distance between Tiahuanaco (Bolivia) and Tikal (Guatemala), the expedition will have duration of 71 days, from 21st of June till the 30th of August of 2010.
In the same way it has been decided to divide the journey in two parts of 35 days each one, participants will simulate a sort of sentry post, emulating the old chasquis (Inka’s postman).	In the same way it has been decided to divide the journey in two parts of 35 days each one, participants will simulate a sort of sentry post, emulating the old chasquis (Inka’s postman).
2.2.1. Ruta del Inka Project	2.2.1. Ruta del Inka Project
2.2.1.	2.2.1.
In this sense, a first group of 200 students selected from different regions of the planet will participate starting from Tiwanaku (Bolivia), culminating their journey in Capurgana (Colombia) on Sunday 25th of July.	In this sense, a first group of 200 students selected from different regions of the planet will participate starting from Tiwanaku (Bolivia), culminating their journey in Capurgana (Colombia) on Sunday 25th of July.
From that privileged point of tranquil beaches of white sand participants will be back to their countries.	From that privileged point of tranquil beaches of white sand participants will be back to their countries.
A group of directives and journalist of Ruta Inka will navigate from this point till Puerto Obadia, in Panamanian territory  in order to take a light air craft who will drive them to Panama City and continue the crossing with the second group summoned to take the sentry on this route.	A group of directives and journalist of Ruta Inka will navigate from this point till Puerto Obadia, in Panamanian territory  in order to take a light air craft who will drive them to Panama City and continue the crossing with the second group summoned to take the sentry on this route.
Music	Music
My band favorite is Green day, is the best band of punk rock, because you are irreverent, your lyricals are cool and your music transmits a lot of energy 	My band favorite is Green Day, the best punk rock band, because they're irreverent, their lyrics are cool and their music has a lot of energy 
My band favorite is Green day, is the best band of punk rock, because you are irreverent, your lyricals are cool and your music transmits a lot of energy 	My band favorite is Green Day, the best punk rock band, because they're irreverent, their lyrics are cool and their music has a lot of energy 
Holiday	The Holidays
Hello, hello, Are you ready?	Hey, are you ready to celebrate Christmas and New Year?
to celebrate Christmas and New year	to celebrate Christmas and New year
Hello people!!!	Hello people!!!
I'm here to help and to help me	I'm here to help and to be helped.
the dog's life " I am a dog"	A Dog's Life: "I Am A Dog"
I am a dog and my name is titín and I live in a village.	I am a dog. My name is Titín, and I live in a village.
In the morning I always wake up at 8:00 o'clock and I go to the terrace because I have to do my needs.	In the morning, I always wake up at Eight o'clock and go to the terrace because I have to do my "morning constitutional"
Then, I have my breakfast and I wait seated on the sofa until my owner gets up.	Then, I have my breakfast and I wait seated on the sofa until my owner gets up.
After that, I go out for a walk around the village and I see my friends and I play with them.	After that, I go out for a walk around the village and I see my friends and play with them.
At 1:00 I have lunch and after that I have a little rest on the sofa.	At 1:00 I have lunch. After that, a little rest on the sofa.
In the afternoon at six o'clock I go out for a walk again.	At six o'clock, I go out for a walk again.
Finally At night I have dinner and I play with my owner,After that I go to bed because I am very tired.	Finally, at night I have dinner and I play with my owner. After that I go to bed because I am very tired.
Real Madrid's players	Real Madrid's players
Everyyears I hope the match R.	Everyyears I hope the match R.
Zaragoza against RMadrid to see it at the stadium.	Zaragoza against RMadrid to see it at the stadium.
It is a special match for me because R.	It is a special match for me because R.
Madrid is my favourite team and It has got my favourite football players too, like kaka or Ozil.	Madrid is my favourite team and It has got my favourite football players too, like kaka or Ozil.
This season, Real Madrid played against Zaragoza on 11th december in 2010, I went to the Romareda stadium and I enjoyed watching the match.	This season, Real Madrid played against Zaragoza on 11th december in 2010, I went to the Romareda stadium and I enjoyed watching the match.
Real Madrid won 3 - 1 R.	Real Madrid won 3 - 1 R.
Zaragoza so I was very happy and entusiasthed.	Zaragoza so I was very happy and entusiasthed.
I will hope R.	I will hope R.
Zaragoza don't down to Segunda Division because I want to see again to R Madrid in the Romareda Stadium.	Zaragoza don't down to Segunda Division because I want to see again to R Madrid in the Romareda Stadium.
So On 11th december when the last time I saw them.	So On 11th december when the last time I saw them.
Another trip	Another trip
Last week, I went to my uncle's house.	Last week, I went to my uncle's house.
It's pretty far from my home, so It took me more time than I expected.	It's pretty far from my home, so It took me more time than I expected.
Anyway, I had a great time with them.	Anyway, I had a great time with them.
They're very funny...	They're very funny...
in their own way, thought.	in their own way, thought.
Beside that, we danced, ate a lot...	Beside that, we danced, ate a lot...
and, most of all, we spoke of different things: College, health, family, personal problems, last jobs, etcs.	and, most of all, we spoke of different things: College, health, family, personal problems, last jobs, etcs.
I realized that we're apart for a long time.	I realized that we're apart for a long time.
And not just them, but also most of my uncles and cousins.	And not just them, but also most of my uncles and cousins.
Maybe it's my 2008's new task: regain the lost time with them.	Maybe it's my 2008's new task: regain the lost time with them.
A random day	A random day
Hello!!~~~	Hello!!~~~
My grandma kept so many things made by her family ...	My grandma kept so many things made by her family ...
actually not so many as she would have wanted since we moved a lot and we didn't always get to keep everything, but anyway I just discovered it again...	actually not as many as she would have wanted since we moved a lot and we didn't always get to keep everything, but anyway I just discovered it again...
I tried so many times to learn but always something kept me from learning ...	I tried so many times to learn but always something kept me from learning ...
I regret it a lot but is not to late!	I regret it a lot but it’s not to late!
I do want to learn, but again I'm always busy and over the years I think that women lost the patient to create such kind of things, it's kind of sad that women gave up to that side of being a woman and tried to become more like a man but I will keep trying ^^	I do want to learn, but again I'm always busy and over the years I think that women have lost the patience to create such things. It's kind of sad that women have given up that side of being a woman and tried to become more like men, but I will keep trying. ^^
Yesterday I went out with a friend...	Yesterday I went out with a friend...
Finally I get some social life heheh	Finally I get some social life heheh
We went to the mall and I spent only 14$ on a blouse, a ring and earrings ...	We went to the mall and I spent only 14$ on a blouse, a ring and earrings ...
that mall is super cheap ...	That mall is super cheap ...
there is an outlet of Suzy Shier ...	There is an outlet of Suzy Shier ...
It's huge , looks like they brought all the left overs of all the stores so can Regina can start to dress better ..	It's huge,_looks like they brought all the overstock from all the other stores so that Regina can start to dress better ..
I bought there such a pretty blouse for $2.50 ...	I bought such a pretty blouse there for $2.50 ...
I couldn't believe it (*v*) 	I couldn't believe it (*v*) 
A simple Summer day	A simple Summer day
I really didn't do anything lately, Well I had my haircut done the other day but in this picture you cannot see and I'm pretty happy with my new haircut so pretty soon I will show it ^^	I really didn't do anything lately, Well I had my haircut done the other day but in this picture you cannot see and I'm pretty happy with my new haircut so pretty soon I will show it ^^
Also I started sewing again ...	Also I started sewing again ...
I'm in the middle of making two skirts but I can't finished it until I go to the fabric shop and buy some elastic...	I'm in the middle of making two skirts but I can't finished it until I go to the fabric shop and buy some elastic...
I'm so lazy and it's nothing to be proud of , I still have two tops that need to be finished as well ><	I'm so lazy and it's nothing to be proud of , I still have two tops that need to be finished as well ><
I'm really happy with this outfit!	I'm really happy with this outfit!
I need to get used managing colors better, I really like colorful clothes ...	I need to get used managing colors better, I really like colorful clothes ...
but for this time I just preferred to wear white and a kind of red color again.	but for this time I just preferred to wear white and a kind of red color again..
but I think everything looks nicely together for a simple summer day.	but I think everything looks nicely together for a simple summer day.
Gummies	Gummies
Today I went to a Japanese supermarket, and although is a normal supermarket it’s funnier to do the shopping there than in any other market.	Today I went to a Japanese supermarket, and although it is a normal supermarket, it’s funnier to do the shopping there than in any other market.
Today I went to a Japanese supermarket, and although is a normal supermarket it’s funnier to do the shopping there than in any other market.	Today I went to a Japanese supermarket. Although it is a normal supermarket, it’s more fun to shop there than in any other market.
Today I went to a Japanese supermarket, and although is a normal supermarket it’s funnier to do the shopping there than in any other market.	Today I went to a Japanese supermarket, and although it is a normal supermarket it’s funner to do the shopping there than in any other market.
I bought a lot of food: chicken, fish and of course, a lot of rice.	I bought a lot of food: chicken, fish, and of course, a lot of rice.
I bought a lot of food: chicken, fish and of course, a lot of rice.	I bought a lot of food; chicken, fish and of course, a lot of rice. (I'm not positive, because the semicolon is kind of a confusing punctuation, and even though I'm a native speaker, my grammar is not quite as honed as it was when I was in school and had to write a lot of essays, but I'm pretty sure it's more appropriate here than a colon.)
I also bought candies and snacks.	I also bought candies and snacks.
Right now I’m eating Pocky, these are wheat sticks covered with chocolate.	Right now I’m eating Pocky; wheat sticks covered with chocolate.
I was looking for a gummies called: ふわりん but I didn’t find them, I love those gummies but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.	I was looking for gummies called: ふわりん but I didn’t find them, I love those gummies but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.
I was looking for a gummies called: ふわりん but I didn’t find them, I love those gummies but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.	I was looking for some gummies called ふわりん fuwarin but I didn’t find them. I love those gummies, but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.
I was looking for a gummies called: ふわりん but I didn’t find them, I love those gummies but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.	I was looking for gummies called: ふわりん, but I didn’t find them. I love those gummies but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.
Akimatsuri	Akimatsuri
Today I went to the “Akimatsuri” (autumn festival) in the Japanese-Mexican Association.	Today I went to the “Akimatsuri” (autumn festival) in the Japanese-Mexican Association.
It was fun, and the food was fantastic; there were Japanese food, Mexican food, hamburgers and even Argentinean patties.	It was fun, and the food was fantastic; there were Japanese food, Mexican food, hamburgers and even Argentinean patties.
They had a scenario for cultural events, but I only saw the kendo representation and a group of taiko (drums) because I was to busy with the food… I ate a lot!	They had a scenario for cultural events, but I only saw the kendo representation and a group of taiko (drums) because I was to busy with the food… I ate a lot!
Yakisoba, yakitori, yakimeshi, ramen, cakes, ice cream… I spent a lot of money, too!	Yakisoba, yakitori, yakimeshi, ramen, cakes, ice cream… I spent a lot of money, too!
I’ll have to take care of my money, but today the food was superb.	I’ll have to take care of my money, but today the food was superb.
I also bought a couple of t-shirts, but my favorite stand was one that sold books and magazines; you can have 5 items (books or magazines) and you just have to pay 5 pesos (50 cents of dollar).	I also bought a couple of t-shirts, but my favorite stand was one that sold books and magazines; you can have 5 items (books or magazines) and you just have to pay 5 pesos (50 cents of dollar).
That was amazing!	That was amazing!
Of course, my Japanese is so basic, that I can’t read the magazines or the books; but I bought some of them… one day, I’ll read them!	Of course, my Japanese is so basic, that I can’t read the magazines or the books; but I bought some of them… one day, I’ll read them!
Last week I had an exam	Last week I had an exam
It was awful!	It was awful!
I’ve been studying French for two years and a half, but until this course I met a new teacher, Lilian.	I’ve been studying French for two and a half years, but until this course I met a new teacher, Lilian.
My new teacher is very exigent, and I think that’s good, because I can improve my language skills; but our level is too low, and she is going so fast.	My new teacher is very demanding, and I think that’s good, because I will be able to improve my language skills; but she is working too fast for our ability level.
Anyway, today the teacher gave us our notes.	Anyway, today the teacher gave us our notes.
I’ve had a good note, but I think that I could do it better, I have to keep studying.	I did some good work, but I think that I could have done it better, I will have to keep studying in order to improve.
Museums	Museums
Since the beginning of this semester; every Tuesday I’ve been going to a different museum.	Every Tuesday, since the beginning of this semester, I’ve been going to a different museum.
Is interesting, because we go with the purpose of analyze the structure and the operation of the institutions; we try to see their challenges and the way in which every institution tries to solve them.	It's interesting, because we go to analyze the structures and the operation of the institutions; we try to see their challenges and the way in which every institution tries to solve them.
The museums in Mexico have serious problems, they don’t have money which is important to actualize some areas or the publicity; the worst part is that the people that work in there sometimes try their best but the institutions of which they depend are not interested in the work of the museum.	The museums in Mexico have serious problems. They don’t have money, which is important to finalize some areas for the public. The worst part is that the people that work there sometimes try their best, but the institutions of which they depend on are not interested in the work of the museum.
(Actually, the worst part is that there is no public).	(Actually, the worst part is that there is no public).
There’re a few museums that are trying to grow and that receive all the support from the institution that maintain them: Centro Cultural Universitario Tlatelolco (University Cultural Centre of Tlatelolco), Museo de la Luz (Museum of Light) and the Universum (Science Museum), There’s a museum of art that’s making a lot of noise, Museo Universitario de Arte Contemporáneo (University Museum of Contemporary Art) but that’s not ready yet, the inauguration is programmed for November, although the inauguration has been moved several times, it was supposed to open in 2006!	These are a few museums that are trying to grow, which receive support from the institutions that maintain them: Centro Cultural Universitario Tlatelolco (University Cultural Centre of Tlatelolco), Museo de la Luz (Museum of Light) and the Universum (Science Museum). There’s a museum of art that’s making a lot of noise: the Museo Universitario de Arte Contemporáneo (University Museum of Contemporary Art), but it isn't ready yet; the inauguration is scheduled for November. Although the inauguration has been moved several times, it was supposed to open in 2006!
Well, these cultural institutions are the best (or should I say: not as bas as the others?) and all of them depend of the Universidad Autónoma de México (National Autonomous University of Mexico).	Well, these cultural institutions are the best (or should I say 'not as bad as the others'?) and all of them depend on the Universidad Autónoma de México (National Autonomous University of Mexico).
I think that all the museums of Mexico should check the works of universities, to actualize their programs, their objectives and to focus in the problems of the contemporary Mexico, not the Mexico of the 1950’s.	I think that the museums of Mexico should check out the works of universities in order to finalize their programs, their objectives, and to focus on the problems of contemporary Mexico, not Mexico of the 1950’s.
New Year's Eve in Mexico	New Year's Eve in Mexico
New Year’s Eve here, is not as special as Christmas.	New Year’s Eve here, is not as special as Christmas.
The biggest difference is that Christmas is a special night to spend with your family, at home or a relative’s home; and New Year’s Eve you can spend it with friends, boyfriends and family and you can go to a restaurant or a bar.	The biggest difference is that Christmas is a special night to spend with your family, at home or a relative’s home; and New Year’s Eve you can spend it with friends, boyfriends and family and you can go to a restaurant or a bar.
In general, we don’t have special food for tonight.	In general, we don’t have special food for tonight.
Because Mexicans cooks a lot of food for Christmas, so it’s usual to repeat the Christmas' dinner, and prepare just a salad or pasta to don’t dinner exactly the same.	Because Mexicans cooks a lot of food for Christmas, so it’s usual to repeat the Christmas' dinner, and prepare just a salad or pasta to don’t dinner exactly the same.
Some families (not mine) tend to spend Christmas with the mother’s relatives and New Year with father’s relatives (or vice versa).	Some families (not mine) tend to spend Christmas with the mother’s relatives and New Year with father’s relatives (or vice versa).
And that’s also the reason to “repeat” the Christmas’ dinner, like a second-dinner for those who couldn’t come on Christmas.	And that’s also the reason to “repeat” the Christmas’ dinner, like a second-dinner for those who couldn’t come on Christmas.
I’m going to celebrate New Year with my parents and my brother.	I’m going to celebrate New Year with my parents and my brother.
We already have a big table with cheese, cold cuts and bread; then we’re going to cook salmon on the grill, we’ll eat pasta, vegetables and we’ll drink wine and “mojitos”.	We already have a big table with cheese, cold cuts and bread; then we’re going to cook salmon on the grill, we’ll eat pasta, vegetables and we’ll drink wine and “mojitos”.
Do you know “mojitos"?	Do you know “mojitos"?
Happy New Year!!	Happy New Year!!
Tacos	Tacos
Hey!	Hey!
In this post I want to talk about one of the most famous foods of Mexico: Tacos	In this post I want to talk about one of the most famous foods from Mexico: Tacos.
Tacos are the easiest dish of Mexican food.	Tacos are the easiest dish to make out of all Mexican foods.
It’s so simple and fast to do it, that is one of the most sold foods down the street.	It’s so quick and easy to prepare, that it's one of the most sold foods down the streets of Mexico.
You only need a fill and a ‘tortilla’ to prepare it.	You only need filling and a ‘tortilla’ to prepare it.
Traditionally the tortilla is made up of corn.	Traditionally the tortilla is made up of corn.
Nowadays there are wheat-tortilla and even nopal-tortilla.	Nowadays there are wheat-tortilla and even nopal-tortilla.
The taco's instructions are very simple:	The taco instructions are very simple:
Over the tortilla put the fill and roll up the tortilla around the fill.	Put the filling on top of the tortilla, and roll up the tortilla around it.
But what is the fill?	But, what is the filling?
That’s something fantastic; tacos don’t have a special fill.	That’s the best thing about it; tacos don’t have a special filling.
You can eat a vegetables-taco or salt-taco, egg-taco, cheese-taco… But the most common is meat-taco, any kind of meat: beef, chicken, pork…	You can eat vegetable tacos, or salt tacos, egg tacos, cheese tacos… But the most common is meat tacos, any kind of meat: beef, chicken, pork…
One of the most famous tacos in Mexico are the “tacos al pastor”.	One of the most famous tacos in Mexico are the “tacos al pastor”.
Some think, that these tacos were invented by the Mexican-Lebanese community.	Some think, that these tacos were invented by the Mexican-Lebanese community.
Tacos al pastor are made in a thing called “trompo”.	Tacos al pastor are made with a thing called “trompo”.
The meat is marinated with some species and chili, to give the meat their fantastic flavor and its brightly orange color, then is placed like in a big brochette.	The meat is marinated with some spices and chili, to give the meat their fantastic flavor and its bright orange color, then it's placed in a big brochette.
The “trompo” spins in front of the fire, and the meat cooks.	The “trompo” spins in front of the fire, and the meat cooks.
The meat-tacos are commonly served with three things: onion, cilantro and “salsa”.	The meat tacos are commonly served with three things: onion, cilantro and “salsa”.
But the tacos al pastor have one more ingredient: pineapple.	But the tacos al pastor have one more ingredient: pineapple.
The resultant flavor is fantastic, kind of spicy and sweet.	The resulting flavor is fantastic, kind of spicy and sweet.
The taco in the right is “taco al pastor”, the left one is a “taco de alambre”.	The taco on the right is “taco al pastor”, the left one is a “taco de alambre”.
“Alambre” is some meat with pepper, onion and cheese.	“Alambre” is some meat with pepper, onion and cheese.
So the combinations are infinite!!	So the combinations are infinite!!
The tacos are eaten with the hand, and there is a saying that says: “En el modo de agarrar el taco se conoce al que es tragón” That means something like: “The way in which you hold your taco, denounces if you’re a glutton” 	The tacos are eaten with the hand, and there is a saying that says: “En el modo de agarrar el taco se conoce al que es tragón” That means something like: “The way in which you hold your taco, denounces if you’re a glutton” 
I think is true!	I think is true!
This is my brother’s hand.	This is my brother’s hand.
Oaxaca	Oaxaca
Last week was “Semana Santa” and in Mexico we had holidays!	Last week was “Semana Santa” and in Mexico we had holidays!
I went to the state of Oaxaca with my family, it was pretty cool.	I went to the state of Oaxaca with my family, it was pretty cool.
I thought that I would eat a lot of delicious food, but I think that the food of Oaxaca has nothing special.	I thought that I would eat a lot of delicious food, but I think that the food of Oaxaca has nothing special.
And everywhere I went, they have the same dishes!	And everywhere I went, they have the same dishes!
Something that is delicious in Oaxaca is the cheese, there is a kind of cheese called “Oaxaca Cheese” it tastes good and it's very fun to eat it, because when you try to eat it, the cheese get extended and extended, especially when it's hot.	Something that is delicious in Oaxaca is the cheese, there is a kind of cheese called “Oaxaca Cheese” it tastes good and it's very fun to eat it, because when you try to eat it, the cheese stretches, especially when it's hot.
In the image you can see how the Oaxaca cheese is made.	In the image you can see how Oaxaca cheese is made.
Near Oaxaca City there is a little town called: Santa Maria del Tule, this place is famous because in the atrium of the church there is one of the biggest trees of the world.	Near Oaxaca City there is a little town called: Santa Maria del Tule, this place is famous because in the atrium of the church there is one of the biggest trees of the world.
The tree isn’t big… IT IS HUGE!!	The tree isn’t big… IT IS HUGE!!
Age: 2000 years	Age: 2000 years
Width: 58 m	Width: 58 m
Height: 42m	Height: 42m
Diameter: 14m	Diameter: 14m
King's Day	King's Day
“Día de reyes”.	“Día de reyes”.
I think is one of the biggest dates for the Mexican children (although not for the parents).	I think is one of the biggest dates for the Mexican children (although not for the parents).
The day has his origins in the bible’s story about the three kings or wise men that gave gifts to the baby Jesus.	The day has his origins in the bible’s story about the three kings or wise men that gave gifts to the baby Jesus.
On January 5th, the children put a shoe outside their bedrooms with a letter, asking for presents (usually toys).	On January 5th, the children put a shoe outside their bedrooms with a letter, asking for presents (usually toys).
They also can send the letter on a balloon; it’s fun to see the trees around those days, because you can see many balloons that get caught by the trees and didn’t make his way to the sky.	They also can send the letter on a balloon; it’s fun to see the trees around those days, because you can see many balloons that get caught by the trees and didn’t make his way to the sky.
On the night of January 5th, the three kings leave the presents in the children's house.	On the night of January 5th, the three kings leave the presents in the children's house.
On the morning of January 6th, the children wake up and find their toys, the streets are empty.	On the morning of January 6th, the children wake up and find their toys, the streets are empty.
All the children are in home playing with their new toys.	All the children are in home playing with their new toys.
My favorite part of “Día de Reyes” (maybe because I’m no longer a girl and I don’t receive toys anymore) is the “Rosca de Reyes”.	My favorite part of “Día de Reyes” (maybe because I’m no longer a girl and I don’t receive toys anymore) is the “Rosca de Reyes”.
It’s ring-shaped bread.	It’s ring-shaped bread.
The bread is so delicious; it’s made with anise and orange.	The bread is so delicious; it’s made with anise and orange.
On top it has some crystallized fruits.	On top it has some crystallized fruits.
Inside the bread, it’s hidden a little figure of plastic (in the beginning was a porcelain figure) of a boy; it’s supposed to be the kid-Jesus, but we call it ‘mono’ (the boy-doll, its kind of pejorative) or ‘muñequito’ (the little boy-doll).	Inside the bread, it’s hidden a little figure of plastic (in the beginning was a porcelain figure) of a boy; it’s supposed to be the kid-Jesus, but we call it ‘mono’ (the boy-doll, its kind of pejorative) or ‘muñequito’ (the little boy-doll).
If you are eating your bread and you find something :), you probably are eating the muñequito’s feet.	If you are eating your bread and you find something :), you probably are eating the muñequito’s feet.
But that’s something to celebrate!	But that’s something to celebrate!
Because that means that you’re the godfather of the boy Jesus and you’re going to throw a party on February 2nd, the special food for that day is ‘tamales’.	Because that means that you’re the godfather of the boy Jesus and you’re going to throw a party on February 2nd, the special food for that day is ‘tamales’.
Art gallery	Art gallery
Last week I went to an art gallery, nowadays there are a lot of them in some areas of Mexico City.	Last week I went to an art gallery, nowadays there are a lot of them in some areas of Mexico City.
Personally I don’t like galleries; it seems that when you’re a student and you don’t have enough money to buy, the people that work there sometimes get bored with your visit.	Personally I don’t like galleries; it seems that when you’re a student and you don’t have enough money to buy, the people that work there sometimes get bored with your visit.
It’s an uncomfortable feeling, and I don’t like it.	It’s an uncomfortable feeling, and I don’t like it.
This time, the visit was different because we went to the gallery with the purpose to speak with the directives, not to see not to buy art.	This time, the visit was different because we went to the gallery with the purpose of speaking to the directives, not to see or buy art.
The director of the gallery was a young man who willingly accepted to answer all our questions about the administration of an art institution and the general panorama of the contemporary art in Mexico.	The director of the gallery was a young man who willingly accepted to answer all of our questions about the administration of an art institution and the general panorama of the contemporary art in Mexico.
Perhaps, the next time that I’ll visit an art gallery, I’ll look at it with a different perspective.	Perhaps, the next time that I visit an art gallery, I’ll look at it with a different perspective.
It was a very interesting day.	It was a very interesting day.
Schools	Schools
I haven’t practiced my English, this is too bad.	I haven’t practiced my English, this is very bad.
But I have to practice; I try to think in English.	But I have to practice. I try to think in English.
Sometimes, when I’m walking around the street I remind all the things that I did during the day or the things that I want to do; in English, this is my daily practice.	Sometimes, when I’m walking down the street, I remind myself of all the things that I did during the day or the things that I want to do. I do this in English; it is my daily practice.
I’ve been busy with the schools and the period of tests; is awful!	I’ve been busy with schools and exams - it has been awful!
A lots of things to do, to study.	There are lots of things to do, a lot to study.
This semester was good; I learned a lot of things and I visited many museums and galleries.	This semester was good; I learned a lot of things and I visited many museums and galleries.
I also made friends and this does the school-time more enjoyable.	I also made friends and this makes the school-time more enjoyable.
Next semester is going to be good.	Next semester is going to be good.
I’m going to have photography lessons; that’s very exciting!	I’m going to have photography lessons - that’s very exciting!
The bad new is that I must buy a camera and with the economical crisis, they are too expensive!.	The bad new is that I must buy a camera and with the economic crisis, they are too expensive!
Anyway, this was a good year; that's a good start for the New Year.	Anyway, this was a good year; that's a good start for the New Year.
Hi!	Hi!
Well, it is nice to be here.	Well, it is nice to be here.
I'm a Spanish native speaker from Chile.	I'm a Spanish native speaker from Chile.
I'm studying English at the University, but it's still very difficult for me to write and speak in English using my own words correctly.	I'm studying English [at the University] Since you haven't mentioned a specific university, you shouldn't use a definite article or capitalize "University." So, in British English, this should be "at university," and in American English, it should be "in college."  I'm studying English at the University at the University of Chile, but it's still very difficult for me to write and speak in English correctly using my own words.
I usually make mistakes and my sentences don't sound natural.	I usually make mistakes and my sentences don't sound natural sometimes.
For this reason I found interesting the idea of this web were you can be corrected by native speakers of your target language and at the same time you can help others who are learning your mother tongue.	For this reason I found it interesting, the idea of this website were you can be corrected by native speakers of your target language and at the same time you can help others who are learning your mother tongue.
For this reason I found interesting the idea of this web were you can be corrected by native speakers of your target language and at the same time you can help others who are learning your mother tongue.	So I found the idea of this website interesting: a place where you can be corrected by native speakers of your target language and at the same time you can help others who are learning your mother tongue.
I'll thank you very much if you can help me to learn and correct myself in English, and I'll also try to do my best when trying to help with Spanish ^^.	I thank anyone very much who can help me to learn and correct my English, and I'll also try to do my best when trying to help people with Spanish ^^.
I'll thank you very much if you can help me to learn and correct myself in English, and I'll also try to do my best when trying to help with Spanish ^^.	Thanks very much for helping me to learn and correct myself in English..." to learn and correct myself in English, I'll also try to do my best when trying to help with Spanish ^^.
That's all for now,	That's all for now,
Bye bye^^.	Bye bye.  ^_^
Hi again!	Hi again!
So much time without writting absolutly anything in here!	So much time without writting absolutly anything in here!
However, not much interesting things have been happening in my life lately.	However, not many interesting things have been happening in my life lately.
The las thing I was doing was looking for a job.	The last thing that I was doing was looking for a job.
Since last week I've been at some interviews and submitting my application through the Internet to different jobs.	Since last week I've been preparing for some interviews and submitting my application through the Internet for some different jobs.
The reason is because I need money for next year and future plans, and also summer is comming.	The reason is because I need money for next year and to pay for the things I plan to do in the future. In addition, summer is also coming.
It means that I have three months almost completely free: almost all december to March, so I have enough time to keep myself busy doing something.	It means that I have three months almost completely free: almost all of December through to March, so I have enough time to keep myself busy doing something.
I always get nervous at this kind of things.	I always get nervous when I have to do these kind of things.
First I prepare my clothes, semiformal.	First I prepare my clothes, semiformal.
A pair of trousers, as part of a suit without any jacket because of the heat of these days.	A pair of trousers, as part of a suit without any jacket because of the heat of these days.
And also a kind of formal shirt with light, thin and formal kind of sweatshirt.	Also, I will prepare a kind of formal shirt with light, thin and a formal kind of sweatshirt.
Also shoes, not sandals or snikers.	Also shoes, not sandals or sneakers.
Also women need make-up and our hair need to be neatly combed.	Also women need make-up and our hair needs to be neatly combed.
Our appearance is as important as our curriculum and our way to speak and express ourselves, specially for jobs which need a lot of conversational or social skills, such as shop assistant or cashier, or something like that, I don't know if Client service is correct, maybe you say it in another way when you are paid to help people for different concerns they have.	Our appearance is as important as our work targets and our way of speaking and expressing ourselves. This is especially true for jobs which need a lot of conversational or social skills, such as a shop assistant or cashier, or something like that. I don't know if client service is correct, maybe you say it in another way when you are paid to help people for different concerns they have.
Then I had to answer some tests.	Another thing that I had to do is answer some test questions.
psicological ones in which you have to see pretty things or at least not monsters or something to dark.	Psychological tests are ones in which you have to see pretty things or at least not monsters or something to dark.
And also a test in wich they tried to measure if you can work well and do accurate thinking under pressure.	In addition, there is a test in which they tried to measure if you can work well and do accurate thinking under pressure.
Anyway, just innecesary things.	Anyway, I think these tests are not necessary .
Your experience and sometimes the personal interview will reflect more about yourself.	Your experience and sometimes the personal interview will reflect more about yourself.
Finally, I got a job.	Finally, I got a job.
They called a week later than they said were going to call me but I was selected anyway.	They called a week later than they said they were going to call me but I was selected anyway.
So I got a job for the summer!!	So I got a job for the summer!!
(And this was the job of the first interview I went last week when I began to look for a job for this summer!	(This was the job I applied for first i when I began to look for a job for this summer!
I wish I knew an expression for this!)	I wish I knew an expression for this!)
Well, this job begins on December, so I have enough time to finish my classes first.	Well, this job begins in December, so I have enough time to finish my classes first.
And let's see what happens.	Let's see what happens.
Fireflies	Fireflies
It is said that there are over 2000 especies of fireflies around the world, but only some of them fly.	It is said that there are over 2000 especies of fireflies around the world, but only some of them fly.
There are also a few remaining places qere we can still see how these little bees dance in the summer nights, like the ones that exist in some part of Japan.	There are only a few remaining places where we can still see these little bees dance during the summer nights. One example is the species that still exists in some parts of Japan.
Although I've never seen real firelies, I really like the kind of feeling they inspire me.	Although I've never seen real firelies, the idea of them inspires me.
For me they are like metaphores of little lights of hope in the darkest night of desolation.	For me they are a metaphores of little lights of hope in the darkest night of desolation.For me, each one is a metaphor for a little light of hope in a dark, desolate night.
Seeing little lights dancing in a dark night among trees and water must be the most beautiful thing^^.	Seeing those little lights dancing in the dark&nbsp;among the&nbsp;trees near the water&nbsp;must be the most beautiful thing.
I hope they do not dissapear before I meet them.	I hope they do not disappear before I&nbsp;have a chance to&nbsp;see them.
^^	^^
Love letters	Love letters
Love letters are normally too sentimental and full of words that once you read them again after some time you realize how silly and embarrased they make you feel.	Love letters are normally too sentimental and so full of words that only once you read them again after some time you realize how silly and embarrassed they make you feel.
This summer I was far from the city and had little communication with most of the people I normally talked to.	This summer I was far from the city and had little communication with most of the people I normally talk_ to.
So I dedicated some of my writting.	So I dedicated some of my time to writing.
One of the few pieces of writing wasa kind of love letter I had never written before.	One of the few pieces of writing I did was a kind of love letter I had never written one before.
One of the few pieces of writing wasa kind of love letter I had never written before.	Sorry, I misread. That needs to be: One of the few pieces of writing I did was a kind of love letter. I had never written one before.
I tipied it on one notepad and I titled it "I love you".	I typed it in Notepad and titled it "I love you".
It said: "Only a pair of calls is not enough, knowing you are far away is not enouegh neither.	It said: "Only a couple calls is not enough, knowing you are far away is not enouegh _either.
I feel you beside me when the distance is short, and I really missed you when we are too far away.	I feel you beside me when the distance is short, and I really miss_ you when we are too far apart.
I'm happy when we meet, but it really hurts me when I see you leave.	I'm happy when we meet, but it really hurts me when I see you leave.
I love you."	I love you."
Of course it onle a kind of translation of what I wrote, and it was inspired in one person.	Of course it is only a kind of translation of what I wrote, and it was inspired by one person.
However after finding it in my files and reading it, I still feel it is like the kind of stupid thing you write without sense when you feel inspired.	However after finding it in my files and reading it, I still feel it is like the kind of stupid thing you write that doesn't make any sense when you feel inspired.
^^U..	^^U..
I'm think I'm not really romantic at all^^U...	I'm think I'm not really romantic at all^^U...
My worn-out wacom penmouse =(	My worn-out wacom penmouse =(
I'll talk to you about one of my job/hobby	I'll talk to you about one of my hobbies.
I'm an illustrator which means I make artwork to sell and survive in this life.	I'm an illustrator, that means I make artwork to make money.
In order to complete an illustration from the beginning to the end, I work  with 50/50 traditional and digital items.	In order to make an illustration , I work with traditional and digital items.
Traditional ones are : a big sketch block +  0.5 automatic blue pencil + 0.5 automatic pencil.	The traditional ones are : a big sketch block +  0.5 automatic blue pencil + 0.5 automatic pencil.
In the other hand, digital items are: a cheap scanner + Corel Painter 11 or Photoshop CS3 (depending on my mood and the brushes I need to get the work done) and finally, my beloved wacom tablet.	And the digital items are: a cheap scanner + Corel Painter 11 or Photoshop CS3 (depending on my mood and the brushes I need to get the work done) and finally, my beloved wacom tablet.
I won't tell you about the whole process of creating an image from 0 to 100 because that is a story for another entry , wait and see, dear audience, wait and see ;) 	I won't tell you about the whole process of creating an image , because that is a story for another entry.Wait and see, dear audience, wait and see. ;) 
This entry concerns something that, somehow, surprised me some time ago and I noticed that the tip of my penmouse is running out(?) !!	This entry concerns something that, somehow, surprised me some time ago and I noticed that the tip of my penmouse is running out(?) !!
I bought my brand new wacom tablet 4 years ago and I thought the penmouse would last FOREVER.	I bought my brand new wacom tablet 4 years ago and I thought the penmouse would last FOREVER.
How wrong I was, I wish you could see it by yourself but my digicam doesn't have macro shot system .	How wrong I was, I wish you could see it by yourself but my digicam doesn't have a macro shot system .
I'll be buying a new penmouse this coming friday and I'll be happy once again.	I'll be buying a new penmouse this coming friday and I'll be happy once again.
PS: In case you're wondering what the heck is a "wacom tablet and penmosue", I attached a picture for you.	PS: In case you're wondering what the heck is a "wacom tablet and penmosue", I attached a picture for you.
Thank you for reading (and correcting me)	Thank you for reading (and correcting me)
Earthquake in Chile (I'm ok)	Earthquake in Chile (I'm ok)
Just a small entry this time to let you know I'm ok and my family too, The earthquake got me while I was working during the night, and after the majorwave I ran like crazy to the nearest hill bacuse tsunami alert was given, I waited for like 3 hours waiting for the huge seawave but thing happened and Igot back home safely.	Just a small entry this time to let you know I'm ok and my family too, The earthquake got me while I was working during the night, and after the majorwave I ran like crazy to the nearest hill bacuse tsunami alert was given, I waited for like 3 hours waiting for the huge seawave but thing happened and Igot back home safely.
The shockwave was hugse and long, it lasted at least 2 minutes, and now we're getting small aftershockes during the whole day...	The shockwave was hugse and long, it lasted at least 2 minutes, and now we're getting small aftershockes during the whole day...
it's kinda scary because news says that aftershocks can be even stronger than the real deal, but way shorter.	it's kinda scary because news says that aftershocks can be even stronger than the real deal, but way shorter.
Anyway, everything is closed over here, but there's some places over Chiel that are totally destroyed and there are people living in the streets because they're afraid to get back to their homes :( Hopefully humanitary help are on their way and I hope everything will get back to nomalsoon.	Anyway, everything is closed over here, but there's some places over Chiel that are totally destroyed and there are people living in the streets because they're afraid to get back to their homes :( Hopefully humanitary help are on their way and I hope everything will get back to nomalsoon.
here some pictures of the disaster in my country :(	here some pictures of the disaster in my country :(
Dances with wolves	Dances with wolves
Hi guys!	Hi guys!
So today, I'm going to let you know about one of my favorite passt time which is reading.	So today, I'm going to let you know about one of my favorite passt time which is reading.
Reading has not always been part of my life, in fact, I hated it when I when in I was in junior school and high school because , many time, teachers forced us to read crappy and boring books that no one wants to read.	Reading has not always been part of my life, in fact, I hated it when I when in I was in junior school and high school because , many time, teachers forced us to read crappy and boring books that no one wants to read.
During the process of growin up, I discovered that there are very cool books that I wanted truly read.	During the process of growin up, I discovered that there are very cool books that I wanted truly read.
One of them, is "Dances with wolves" which is also a super awesome movie as well (obviously the book came first).	One of them, is "Dances with wolves" which is also a super awesome movie as well (obviously the book came first).
Not so long ago, I was walking down the street when a spoted a book store that was selling off half price books.	Not so long ago, I was walking down the street when a spoted a book store that was selling off half price books.
Out of curiousity, I got in and start to check the books when I acutally saw "Dances with wolves", the book that I saw the movie and was amazed by its incredible beauty.	Out of curiousity, I got in and start to check the books when I acutally saw "Dances with wolves", the book that I saw the movie and was amazed by its incredible beauty.
I bought it and let it aside for a while due of the lack of time.	I bought it and let it aside for a while due of the lack of time.
I started reading it a few days ago and it's even more awesome.	I started reading it a few days ago and it's even more awesome.
If you have any chances of buying it or borrowing it from your nearest library , then take a look at it, it won't let you down, granted!	If you have any chances of buying it or borrowing it from your nearest library , then take a look at it, it won't let you down, granted!
The movie is as good as the book, perhaps with less details but still cool.	The movie is as good as the book, perhaps with less details but still cool.
Ok, this went a bit long and I don't wanna bore you with all this stuff, I think that, maybe, the next time, I'll show you some artwork and a step by step process of the "making of" an illustration :D	Ok, this went a bit long and I don't wanna bore you with all this stuff, I think that, maybe, the next time, I'll show you some artwork and a step by step process of the "making of" an illustration :D
Cya guys 	Cya guys 
Thanks for reading (and correcting)	Thanks for reading (and correcting)
my thought about "V" day	my thought about "V" day
I don't like “v” day, why?	I don't like “v” day. Why?
because it’s totally an excuse to make your other half happy by buying some kind of fancy and expensive gift…however, i’m not that kind of boy who gives something in that day in exchange for loving me the past 365 days...	because it’s totally an excuse to make your other half happy by buying some kind of fancy and expensive gift…however, I’m not the kind of guy who gives something on that day in exchange for loving me the past 365 days...
because it’s totally an excuse to make your other half happy by buying some kind of fancy and expensive gift…however, i’m not that kind of boy who gives something in that day in exchange for loving me the past 365 days...	Because it’s totally an excuse to make your other half happy by buying some kind of fancy and expensive gift…however, i’m not the kind of boy who gives something on that day in exchange for loving me the past 365 days...
Ican't really understand why this day really exists when you have other 365 days to say "I love you" to your beloved ones.	I can't really understand why this day really exists when you have other 365 days to say "I love you" to your loved ones.
Ican't really understand why this day really exists when you have other 365 days to say "I love you" to your beloved ones.	I can't really understand why this day exists, when you have the other 365 days to say "I love you" to your loved ones.
Although I've never been in love with a girl...	Although I've never been in love with a girl...
I could hardly give a gift on that day...	I could hardly give a gift on that day...
I think it's huge lack of respect or something like that...	I think it's a huge lack of respect or something like that...
anyway the day is gone now...	anyway the day is gone now...
i'm happy once again :D	I'm happy once again :D
A little walk through my neighborhood ...	A little walk through my neighborhood ...
Ok guys!	Ok guys!
I don't like taking advantage of this system (lang-8) where my english can be corrected for free by good will teachers, of course, if I could reward you with money, I'd do it but since I feel a bit guilty doing nothing about it, I'll reward you with a bit of cultural exchange through out pictures.	I don't like taking advantage of this system (lang-8) where my english can be corrected for free by good will teachers, of course, if I could reward you with money, I'd do it but since I feel a bit guilty doing nothing about it, I'll reward you with a bit of cultural exchange through out pictures.
One of the thing I actually like of my current city  (Valparaiso) it's the chaos reining all over the city, unlike my previous location which was in small city(Fribourg) of Switzerland, the whole organization and location on how the houses are built here is pretty random, or, at least, more random than in Swiss where everything is organized which is pretty boring.	One of the thing I actually like of my current city  (Valparaiso) it's the chaos reining all over the city, unlike my previous location which was in small city(Fribourg) of Switzerland, the whole organization and location on how the houses are built here is pretty random, or, at least, more random than in Swiss where everything is organized which is pretty boring.
Although in here, you can get lot of fun taking pictures of different places through walking a bit around your neighborhood.	Although in here, you can get lot of fun taking pictures of different places through walking a bit around your neighborhood.
There's a lot of houses, big, small, colorful, it's like all happiness.	There's a lot of houses, big, small, colorful, it's like all happiness.
I'd like to buy a big house someday, they're pretty spacey  and comfy to live in :D	I'd like to buy a big house someday, they're pretty spacey  and comfy to live in :D
On this entry I share with you some pictures (duh!	On this entry I share with you some pictures (duh!
3 actually)  to show you a bit how things looks in this part of the globe.	3 actually)  to show you a bit how things looks in this part of the globe.
;) Enjoy!	;) Enjoy!
Once again, guys, thanks for reading and being so good will teacher with me, your help is super well appreciated ;)	Once again, guys, thanks for reading and being so good will teacher with me, your help is super well appreciated ;)
Coffee is important....	Coffee is important....
Hey guys!	Hey guys!
So I work on design fields here in my country.	So I work in design fields here in my country.
Even though i'm partially happy with all the work the company is throwing me on, I'd like to teach what I do which is drawing and digipainting.	Even though i'm partially happy with all the work the company is throwing at me, I'd like to havethe opportunity to teach what I do which is drawing and digipainting.
I don't want to complain in here because it'd sound lame.	I don't want to complain on here because it'd sound lame.
I rather point out about what I'm happy which is the high amount of creativity that the company gave me to create new characters and backgrounds but I'll tell you all bout in futures entries.	I'd rather point out about what I'm happy which is the high amount of creativity that the company gave me to create new characters and backgrounds but I'll tell you all bout this in futures entries.
For now I just want to gather some nice experience to work with another very talented people at my side.	For now I just want to gather some nice experience to work with another very talented person at my side.
One of the reason that i can't really complain is  about coffee, I can get as much as I want(at my work place) and is so important for all us who work hard on creative and design fields, it helps me to keep it up and not fall asleep while I'm thinking about new designs and characters.	One of the reasons that i can't really complain is coffee, I can get as much as I want(at my work place) and it is soimportant for all of us who work hard in creative and design fields. It helpsme to keep at itand not fall asleep while I'm thinking about new designs and characters.
Woohoo for coffee!!	Woohoo for coffee!!
the picture above is my coffee cup!	the picture above is my coffee cup!
as you can see, she's happy and peaceful like me *0*	as you can see, she's happy and peaceful like me *0*
Have a nice weekend!	Have a nice weekend!
As usual, corrections are all welcome.	As usual, corrections are all welcome.
Thanks :D	Thanks :D
Being away...	Being away...
Hey guys!	Hey guys!
Long time no see!	Long time no see!
I've been away from this site for almost 2 weeks or so.	I've been away from this site for almost 2 weeks or so.
The "why" is pretty simple, I've got a new job in illustration fields for an Important advertisementcompany here in my town.	The "why" is pretty simple, I've got a new job in illustration fields for an Important advertisementcompany here in my town.
Despite they're waiting for me to start working in their office on march 29th, they gave me time to quit my current (and boring) job and rest because they said i'm going to need it, they got an important project and they need an illustrator (among editorial designers) for the job so they called me up.	Despite they're waiting for me to start working in their office on march 29th, they gave me time to quit my current (and boring) job and rest because they said i'm going to need it, they got an important project and they need an illustrator (among editorial designers) for the job so they called me up.
They also asked me to create sketches and potential designs that could be included in the project, needless to say I'm very happy with the job and I'm drawing/sketching like crazy in order to do my best and keep this job.	They also asked me to create sketches and potential designs that could be included in the project, needless to say I'm very happy with the job and I'm drawing/sketching like crazy in order to do my best and keep this job.
I''ve been pretty busy, going out, watching movies, studying the subject of project to create new artwork.	I''ve been pretty busy, going out, watching movies, studying the subject of project to create new artwork.
It hasn't been too stressful but I suspect that it will turn stressful very soon once I start working in that place.	It hasn't been too stressful but I suspect that it will turn stressful very soon once I start working in that place.
I'll be sharing some artwork very soon in here.	I'll be sharing some artwork very soon in here.
So keep watching this little corner of mine	So keep watching this little corner of mine
That's it for now, hope you behave well guys ;) thanks for reading and I'll catch you later :D	That's it for now, hope you behave well guys ;) thanks for reading and I'll catch you later :D
Once again, thanks for correcting my mistakes.	Once again, thanks for correcting my mistakes.
:D	:D
Stay Tuned 	Stay Tuned 
Brand new job once again...	Brand new job once again...
Hey guys!	Hey guys!
So as the title points it out, I got a new job this past week...	So as the title points it out, I got a new job this past week...
This one is located in the capital, Santiago.	this one is located in the capital, Santiago.
First of all, I hate Santiago, mostly because of the bad air quality, the super crowded streets, gigantic travel time taking bus and the subway is a complete mess.	First of all, I hate Santiago, mostly because of the bad air quality, the super crowded streets, and huge travel times. Taking the bus and the subway is a complete mess.
So that being said, why did i take the job?	So that being said, why did i take the job?
first of all because the wage is decent and, second, I work from home :D it means I'll work in my comfy home HERE in Valparaiso yay!	First of all because the wage is decent and, second, I work from home :D. It means I'll work in my comfy home HERE in Valparaiso.Yay!
I actually just have to show up at work every Thursday, the company take all the travel charges that I needed to reach the workplace, and plus they give me lunch.	I actually just have to show up at work every Thursday, the company take all the travel charges that I needed to reach the workplace, and plus they give me lunch.
How convenient, right?	How convenient, right?
It seems like I got the perfect job, I hope to stay there a lot of time :D	It seems like I got the perfect job, I hope to spend a lot of time there:D
Meanwhile I am working on my another activity, which is Vj'ing.	Meanwhile I am working on another activity, which is Vj'ing.
Basically I'm seting up visuals graphics for a Dj friend and we're going to make some nice music/visual show very soon.	Basically I'm seting up visual graphics for a Dj friend and we're going to make some nice music video shows very soon.
It's actually a hobby but I'll be paid for that too...	It's actually a hobby but I'll be paid for that too...
so hopefully i'll be getting an extra income from that "job"too.	so hopefully i'll be getting an extra income from that "job" also.
I haven't updated during a while now, I'm sorry but i've been busy for the last weeks, drawing illustrations of all kind for clients and now I'm mentally getting ready for this new job ;D	I haven't updated for a while now. I'm sorry but i've been busy for the last weeks, drawing all kinds of illustrations for clients and now I'm mentally getting ready for this new job ;D
Thanks for reading (and correcting)	Thanks for reading (and correcting)
Stayed tuned for entry for my digipainting tutorial #2 :D	Stay tuned for an entry for my digipainting tutorial #2 :D
Bye guys, and play nice :D	Bye guys, and play nice :D
Traduccion al Ingles Britanico de resumen Mulan	Traduccion al Ingles Britanico de resumen Mulan
Mulan es una joven china, hija única de la familia Fa, que en lugar de buscar novio como el resto de sus amigas, se esfuerza por entrar en el Ejército para evitar que su anciano padre sea llamado a filas para defender al Emperador del acoso de los Hunos.	Mulan es una joven china, hija única de la familia Fa, que en lugar de buscar novio como el resto de sus amigas, se esfuerza por entrar en el Ejército para evitar que su anciano padre sea llamado a filas para defender al Emperador del acoso de los Hunos.
Cuando el emisario imperial ordena que los varones de todas las familias se alisten en sus tropas, Mulan se hará pasar por el soldado Ping y se someterá a un duro entrenamiento hasta hacerse merecer la estima y la confianza del resto del escuadrón.	Cuando el emisario imperial ordena que los varones de todas las familias se alisten en sus tropas, Mulan se hará pasar por el soldado Ping y se someterá a un duro entrenamiento hasta hacerse merecer la estima y la confianza del resto del escuadrón.
NECESITARIA LA TRADUCCION AL INGLES BRITANICO PARA VERIFICAR QUE LO HICE BIEN	NECESITARIA LA TRADUCCION AL INGLES BRITANICO PARA VERIFICAR QUE LO HICE BIEN
I want	I want
I want a real man with real feelings, a man that wants to give his life for me, that wants to dream with me, that wants me and feel about each day of your life, that I may be your need, a man that really loves me.	I want a real man with real feelings, a man that wants to give his life for me, that wants to dream with me, that wants me and feel about each day of your life, that I may be your need, a man that really loves me.
Too much to drink.	Too Much to Drink.
Yesterday, I was bored and decided to call my friends and asked them if the wanted to hang out or do something.	Yesterday, I was bored and decided to call my friends and ask them if they wanted to hang out, or do something.
Since the day before I injured my finger playing beach volleyball so I could not play.	As the day before I'd injured my finger playing beach volleyball so I could not play.
I decided to invite them over to my place and play some video games.	I decided to invite them over to my place and play some video games.
Fabi showed up but she brought a bottle of some pink drink and said we need to party.	Fabi showed up with a bottle of some pink drink, and said that we needed to party.
I started laughing and said to her ok lets do it.	I started laughing, and said to her, "Ok, lets do it."
It was around three in the afternoon.	It was around three in the afternoon.
We started playing while we were waiting for Ada.	We started playing while we were waiting for Ada.
Ada showed up and we started to talk girly stuff while we were drinking.	Ada showed up, and we started to talk about 'girly stuff' while we were drinking.
At some point we decided to play street fighter and the rule was that if someone loose that person needed to take a shot of Patron.	At some point we decided to play 'Street Fighter', and the rule was that if someone lost, then that person had to take a shot of 'Patron'.
I feel fine since I had played this game before.	I felt fine, since I had played this game before.
I was wining most of the time while Fabi was losing all the time and she needed to drink tons of shots.	I was winning most of the time, whilst Fabi was losing all the time, so she had to drink 'tons' of shots.
Ada was doing ok too.	Ada was doing ok too.
It got to the point where Fabi went to the bathroom and she took quiet a bit to get out.	It got to the point where Fabi went to the bathroom and she took quite a bit to get out.
Ada and I decided to check on her and she was doing pretty bad she was throwing up.	Ada and I decided to check on her, and she was doing pretty badly, in fact, she was throwing up.
Fabi was hugging the toilet like her best friend and did not want to get out of there.	Fabi was hugging the toilet like it was her best friend, and did not want to get out of there.
Ada and I tried to help her but she was doing pretty bad.	Ada and I tried to help her, but she was doing pretty badly.
Finally we were able to pull her out of there and help her to lay down.	Finally, we were able to pull her out of there and help her to lay down.
She could not move at all and she was keep throwing up until she was able to fall sleep.	She could not move at all, and she kept throwing up until she was able to fall sleep.
She left early this morning and was still sick.	She left early this morning and was still sick.
Fabi called sick at her work and I have been checking up on her.	Fabi called in sick at her work, and I have been checking up on her.
It seems that she still sick and cannot get out of bed.	It seems that she is still sick, and cannot get out of bed.
Hopefully she feels better later.	Hopefully she'll feel better later.
According to her no more alcohol for a while.	According to her, she'll drink no more alcohol for a while.
I hope so.	I hope so for her sake.
Volleyball Drama	Volleyball Drama
I came across to realize that people pretend to like each other but most of the time it is not the case.	I came to the realization that people pretend to like each other but most of the time this is not the case.
I came across to realize that people pretend to like each other but most of the time it is not the case.	I've come to realise that people pretend to like each other, but that most of the time. it is not truly the case.
People had said to me that it is the 'californian style'.	People have said to me that it is the 'californian style'.
People had said to me that it is the 'californian style'.	People have said to me that this is the 'Californian Way'.
Some of my real friends had said that if I go to the east coast people are more friendly and you can really make friends.	Some of my real friends have said that if I go to the east coast people are more friendly and you can really make friends.
Some of my real friends had said that if I go to the east coast people are more friendly and you can really make friends.	Some of my real friends have said that if I go to the East Coast, people are more friendly, and that you can really make friends.
I belong to a beach volleyball group for at least three years.	I have belonged to a beach volleyball group for at least three years.
Right now I organize this group and we  have two different levels, advance and Intermediate.	Right now I organize this group and we have two different levels, advanced and intermediate.
Right now I organize this group and we  have two different levels, advance and Intermediate.	Right now I organise this group, and we have two different levels, Advanced and Intermediate.
We play every Saturday almost all day.	We play every Saturday for most of the day.
Since, I organize this group, I have experienced all kind of drama.	Since I organize this group, I have experienced all kinds of drama.
Since, I organize this group, I have experienced all kind of drama.	Since I've been organising (running) this group, I have experienced all kinds of dramas.
Some people that just go to play volleyball but most of the guys tried to hook up with somebody.	Some people just go to play volleyball but most of the guys have tried to hook up with somebody.
Some people that just go to play volleyball but most of the guys tried to hook up with somebody.	Some people just go to play volleyball, but most of the guys go to try to hook up with somebody.
Girls tend to be very competitive, I wish by playing good volleyball.	Girls tend to be very competitive, I wish by playing good volleyball.I wish girls would be competitive because of volleyball.
Girls tend to be very competitive, I wish by playing good volleyball.	Girls tend to be very competitive, but I wish that it could be, by playing good volleyball.
Instead they are competitive between each other, and it makes me crazy.	Instead they are competitive with each other, and it makes me crazy.
I noticed this at the courts and especially in our social activities.	I noticed this on the courts and especially in our social activities.
I noticed this at the courts and especially in our social activities.	I've witnessed this on the courts, and especially in our social activities.
For example if one girl notice that another one has more attention then the 'popular' one is not invited to next activity or they tried to ignore her.	For example, if one girl notices that another one has more attention then she, the 'popular' one, is not invited to next activity. Or the other girls just try to ignore her altogether.
For example if one girl notice that another one has more attention then the 'popular' one is not invited to next activity or they tried to ignore her.	For example, if one girl notices that another is getting more attention than she is, then the newly 'popular' one is not invited to the next activity, or they simply try to ignore her.
As well they pretend that they are your best buddies but they are not.	They also pretend they are your best buddies but they are not.
As well they pretend that they are your best buddies but they are not.	Also, they pretend that they are your best buddies, but in reality, they are not.
I really had a hard  time to understand them and relate to them.	I really have a hard time understanding and relating to them.
I really had a hard  time to understand them and relate to them.	I really have had a hard time understanding or relating to them.
I just want a real friend and someone that I can trust and have a great time with.	I just want a real friend,someone I can trust and have a great time with.
I just want a real friend and someone that I can trust and have a great time with.	I just want a true friend, someone that I can trust and have a great time with.
Today, I got in the middle of some drama.	Today, I got caught in the middle of a drama.
One of the girls was organizing a Karaoke night at the Grove.	One of the girls was organising a karaoke night at 'The Grove'.
I was planning to go but I did not want to stay up late since tomorrow there is a tournament and I have to wake up early to set up lines so I thought to stop by for a little bit.	I was planning to go but I did not want to stay up late since there is a tournament tomorrow and I have to wake up early to set up lines. But I thought I'd stop by for a little bit.
I was planning to go but I did not want to stay up late since tomorrow there is a tournament and I have to wake up early to set up lines so I thought to stop by for a little bit.	I was planning to go but I did not want to stay up too late, since tomorrow there is a tournament, and I have to wake up early to set up the lines, so I thought that I'd just stop by for a little while.
Meanwhile I got another invite for another Karaoke night by some other girl for today as well.	Meanwhile I got another invite by some other girl for another Karaoke night for today as well.
Meanwhile I got another invite for another Karaoke night by some other girl for today as well.	Meanwhile, I got another invite to a karaoke night off a different girl, also for today. 
I noticed that the main organizer did not invite me, and I think is because she does not like me but I got invited by somebody else.	I noticed that the main organizer was not the girl who invited me , and I think is because she does not like me.
I noticed that the main organizer did not invite me, and I think is because she does not like me but I got invited by somebody else.	I noticed that the main organiser hadn't invited me personally, and I think is because she does not like me, instead, I was invited by somebody else in the party.
Anyway, I realize that both girls are organizing karaoke where they are inviting some of the same people.	Anyway, I realized that both girls are organizing karaoke and they are inviting some of the same people.
Anyway, I realize that both girls are organizing karaoke where they are inviting some of the same people.	Anyway, I realised that both girls are organising karaoke nights, where they are both inviting some of the same people.
I though why they are doing this, making people uncomfortable and trying to make them choose between two events with the same activity.	I thought why they are doing this, making people uncomfortable by trying to make them choose between the two karaoke events.
I though why they are doing this, making people uncomfortable and trying to make them choose between two events with the same activity.	I wondered why they were doing this, making people uncomfortable by having to choose between two events, with the same activity, just different organisers.
I just think it is ridiculous and childish.	I just think it is ridiculous and childish.
I think I am going to stay home and watch a movie.	I think I am going to stay home and watch a movie.
A ride in the time machine	A ride in the time machine
If I had a time machine, I would travel to the past and try to see how the culture began, how the humans were created.	If I had a time machine, I would travel to the past and try to see how culture began, how humans were created.
Also I would like to visit the ancient civilizations like the Aztecs, Mayas and Chinese.	Also I would like to visit the ancient civilizations like the Aztecs, Mayas and Chinese.
Bye	Bye
Honesty in life	Honesty in life
I think you should be honest in life, because if you do not, you will carry plenty of problemos into your intrapersonal and interpersonal life.	I think you should be honest in life, because if you are not, you will carry plenty of problemsinto your intrapersonal and interpersonal life.
I think you should be honest in life, because if you do not, you will carry plenty of problemos into your intrapersonal and interpersonal life.	I think you should be honest in life, because if you are not, you will carry plenty of problems into your intrapersonal and interpersonal life.
Always telling the truth could help you to escape from telling lies and more lies.	Always telling the truth could help you to escape from telling lies and more lies.
The more time you tell the thruth, the better your life is.	The more you tell the truth, the better your life will be.
The more time you tell the thruth, the better your life is.	The more you learn to tell the truth, the better your life will be.
Bye.	Bye.
hello..!!	hello..!!
Good Night..	Good Night..
My naime is Jessica, i'm do eighteen year old, studing advertising design just beginning with the race.	My naime is Jessica, i'm do eighteen year old, studing advertising design just beginning with the race.
I like draw, paint, go with friends and talk.	I like draw, paint, go with friends and talk.
addition i love ice cream.	addition i love ice cream.
Dreams	Dreams
Today I have a sad wake up.	Today I woke up feeling sad. 
I was dreaming something nice but suddenly I remember that I need to organizate my next travel to a town nearer here, and how my best friend had told me the week before that she will be free that day.	I was dreaming something nice but suddenly I remember that I need to organizate my next travel to a town nearer here, and how my best friend had told me the week before that she will be free that day.
I thought I should invite her, was then when I woke up and I see it clearly any of my friends could came with me, They are all far far away.	I thought I should invite her, was then when I woke up and I see it clearly any of my friends could came with me, They are all far far away.
Sometimes is hard to live in a foreign country.	Sometimes is hard to live in a foreign country.
I try not to get homesick but is pretty difficult.	I try not to get homesick but is pretty difficult.
Studying abroad	Studying abroad
Hello everyone, this is my first entry.	Hello everyone, this is my first entry.
I hope you can help me to improve my basic english :P	I hope you can help me to improve my basic English :P
Well, I'm going to start talking about something of my experience studying in Catalonia (Spain) which capital city is Barcelona.	Well, I'm going to start talking about of my experience studying in Catalonia (Spain) the capital city of which is Barcelona.
The first I discover was that the people here not only speak spanish, they also speak catalan, a romanic language very similar to the french.	The first thing I discoverd was that the people here not only speak Spanish, they also speak catalan, a romanic language very similar to that of french.
How the study stuff  use to be in this language I have to learn it.	I have to learn how to study stuff in this language.
The lifestyle on the capital is a madness, but not in the way you may be thinking, I mean that I found it such surrealistic.	The lifestyle in the capital is madness, but not in the way you may be thinking. What I mean is that I found it surreal.
Maybe by the influence of Gaudi and Dalí.	Maybe it is made mad by the influence of Gaudi and Dalí.
This city is not like other one, I have to say that I'm geting enchanted.	This city is not like any other one. I have to say that I'm becoming enchanted.
Finally I want to add that if you are interesting on travel to Spain for see bulls and dance "flamenco"  I don't recommend you to come to Catalonia, because is not like the idea turists have of it, Catalonia has his own culture, costums and language.	Finally, I want to add that if you are interested in traveling to Spain to see bulls and dance "flamenco" I don't recommend you coming to Catalonia. Tourists have the wrong idea about it. Catalonia has his own culture, customs and language.
A  very rich one indeed.	Their heritage is a very rich one indeed.
Scouts	Scouts
Scouting is a worldwide youth movement that aims to develop the physical, spiritual and mental potential of young people in order to become good citizens.	Scouting is a worldwide youth movement that aims to develop the physical, spiritual and mental potential of young people in order to become good citizens.
This movement was founded in 1907 by the British Baden-Powell, who also set the principles of scouting.	This movement was founded in 1907 by the British Baden-Powell, who also set the principles of scouting.
Nowadays there are currently over 38 million member in 216 countries, and this is still spreading.	There are currently over 38 million member in 216 countries, and this is still increasing.
Nowadays there are currently over 38 million member in 216 countries, and this is still spreading.	There are currently over 38 million members in 216 countries, and this number is still growing.
The range of ages ranging from 6 to 25 years old, so the scouts are divided into age groups, which are:	The ages range from 6 to 25 years old, so the scouts are divided into age groups, which are:
The range of ages ranging from 6 to 25 years old, so the scouts are divided into age groups, which are:	The ages of these members range from 6 to 25 years old. The scouts are divided into age groups, which are
from 11 to 17 years old: boy/girl scout	the boy/girl scouts that are eleven to seventeen years old  
upper 18 years old: rover/ranger scout	over 18 years old: rover/ranger scout
upper 18 years old: rover/ranger scout	and the rover/ranger scouts that are over eighteen years old.
These age's groups then are rearranging in patrols baptised with animal's names	These age groups then are arranged into patrols with animal's names.
These age's groups then are rearranging in patrols baptised with animal's names	These age groups are then rearranged in patrols baptised with animal's names.
The scout's activities are mainly outdoors, like camping, hiking or sports, but also they learn to respect the nature and survive into the wild, for that they are instructed in first aid too.	The scout's activities are mainly outdoors, like camping, hiking or sports, but also they learn to respect nature and survive in the wild. For that they are instructed in first aid, too.
The scout's activities are mainly outdoors, like camping, hiking or sports, but also they learn to respect the nature and survive into the wild, for that they are instructed in first aid too.	The scout's activities are mainly outdoors, like camping, hiking or sports, but they also learn to respect the nature and survive in the wild. As a result, they are instructed in first as well.
This community organized each 4 years a huge global scout's event known as "Jamboree", where scouts from around the world meet.	Every 4 years, the community organizes a huge global scout's event known as "Jamboree," where scouts from around the world meet.
This community organized each 4 years a huge global scout's event known as "Jamboree", where scouts from around the world meet.	Every four years, this community organizes a huge global scout's event known as the "Jamboree", where scouts from around the world have the opportunity to meet.
Scouts wear uniforms a have their own symbols.	Scouts wear uniforms that have their own symbols.
Scouts wear uniforms a have their own symbols.	Scouts wear uniforms that have their own symbols.
The uniform consisted in a shirt full with merit badges and other patches, and a coloured neckerchief.	The uniform consists of a shirt full of merit badges and other patches, and a coloured neckerchief.
The uniform consisted in a shirt full with merit badges and other patches, and a coloured neckerchief.	The uniform consists of a shirt decorated with merit badges and other patches, and a coloured necktie.
The principal symbol is undoubtedly the blossom Liz which represents several meanings:	The principal symbol is undoubtedly the blossom Liz which has several meanings.
The three petals mean loyalty, selflessness and purity.	The three petals mean loyalty, selflessness and purity.
The stars symbolize the scout's law and commitment.	The stars symbolize the scout's law and commitment.
The needle in the the centre indicates the north, making the path.	The needle in the the centre indicates the north, marking the path.
The ring joining the petals represents the brotherhood among the scouts and the rope reinforces that, remembering that this fellowship doesn't make any differences among ethnicities, religions and social classes.	The ring joining the petals represents the brotherhood among the scouts and the rope reinforces the fact that this fellowship erases any differences among ethnicities, religions and social classes.
Finally the knot means that overcoming gets achieved with hard work and dedication.	Finally the knot means that success is achieved with hard work and dedication.
Finally the knot means that overcoming gets achieved with hard work and dedication.	Finally, the knot means that overcoming obstacles can be achieved with hard work and dedication.
Opinion essay	Opinion essay
Most people would agree that the Education is the base for a citizen's construction, but some of them will argue saying that the education society gives it to us it has as aim to teach us to stop thinking because they only need we learn to become adults who can follow commands.	Most people would agree that the Education is the basis for a citizen's development, but some will argue that the education society provides aims to teach us to stop thinking for ourselves because it only needs adults who can follow commands.
The State is kind of scare that we learn to much things because knowledge allows to realize when something is unfair and make people strikes when a bad policy appears.	The State may be afraid that its citizens will learn too much because knowledge allows people to realize when something is unfair and make people protest when a bad policy appears.
I really envy the system education of netherlands and the scandinavian's countries.	I really envy the education system of the Netherlands and the Scandinavian countries.
In all these places the students can learn many languages, even in public schools, they also have extra scholar activities like sports, music and arts that help to develop others student's skills.	In all these places the students can learn many languages, even in public schools. They also have extra  curricular activities like sports, music and arts that help to develop a student's other skills.
Spanish's system education has been obtaining poor results since long time ago.	The Spanish educational system has been producing poor results since long ago.
The main reasons of this, from my point of view is the lack of initiative and the plain scholar's curriculum which doesn't encouraged nobody to study.	The main reasons for this, from my point of view, is the lack of initiative and the curriculum that doesn't encourage study.
All children should have the opportunity to develope their interest and skills; the parents play and important role in all this, if they don't keep their children's motivation I am pretty sure this lack of support would be reflexed in the academic's results.	All children should have the opportunity to develop their interest and skills. Parents play an important role in all this; if they don't stimulate their children's motivation, (Since it is an opinion essay, the reader already knows that it is from your point of view) this lack of support would be reflected in the child's academic results.
Learn English with internet	Learn English with internet
Ok, I will finish my fifth university course (the last year) and I need to learn as faster as it can possible, so, what would you do?	Ok, I will finish my fifth university course (the last year) and I need to learn as faster as it can possible, so, what would you do?
Thanks.	Thanks.
Another Practice: Essay for the FCE	Another Practice: Essay for the FCE
I'm here again!	I'm here again!
This time i need your help with an essay,this is another practice exercise to obtain the First Certificate in English.	This time i need your help with an essay,this is another practice exercise to obtain the First Certificate in English.
I had to write this essay giving my opinions on the following statement:	I had to write this essay giving my opinions on the following statement:
"There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient"	"There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient"
So, this is my essay.	So, this is my essay.
Does public transport have a future???	Does public transport have a future???
Public transport can be something controversial depending on the circumstances.	Public transport can be something controversial depending on the circumstances.
Some people say that is useful and convenient meanwhile other people do not like public transport and think that is only an annoyment.	Some people say that is useful and convenient meanwhile other people do not like public transport and think that is only an annoyment.
The truth is, there are certain public transport that can be better than others, for example, most of the people would agree that subway is better than bus, because it is faster and cleaner, but in certain cities of the world this could be false.	The truth is, there are certain public transport that can be better than others, for example, most of the people would agree that subway is better than bus, because it is faster and cleaner, but in certain cities of the world this could be false.
I mean, bus could be managed better than subway, so it would offer a better service.	I mean, bus could be managed better than subway, so it would offer a better service.
We can not state that travelling by car is much more convenient that travelling by public transport.	We can not state that travelling by car is much more convenient that travelling by public transport.
In my opinion, not everybody can buy a car and expend on it.	In my opinion, not everybody can buy a car and expend on it.
Also, in many ocassions (specially in big cities) the rush hours are terrible, being the subway a better option.	Also, in many ocassions (specially in big cities) the rush hours are terrible, being the subway a better option.
This is why public transport will be with us for a long, long time.	This is why public transport will be with us for a long, long time.
What do you recommend to improve my writing?	What do you recommend to improve my writing?
is it enough good for a FCE?	is it enough good for a FCE?
Thank you very much for reading this essay, your comments really help me to improve little by little my English.	Thank you very much for reading this essay, your comments really help me to improve little by little my English.
:D	:D
Practice: Letter for the FCE	Practice: Letter for the FCE
Hello!	Hello!
I wish you can help me with this letter.	I wish you can help me with this letter.
I'm practicing so i can do my best in the First Certificate in English.	I'm practicing so i can do my best in the First Certificate in English.
which I'm presenting this June :)	which I'm presenting this June :)
The objective of the next letter is to ask for information about visiting a College, I'm supposed to be representing a group of students.	The objective of the next letter is to ask for information about visiting a College, I'm supposed to be representing a group of students.
**********************************************************************************	**********************************************************************************
Dear Mr College Director,	Dear Mr College Director,
I am very glad that you are properly informed about our coming to your college this September.	I am very glad that you are properly informed about our coming to your college this September.
As you already know, this visit is absolutely important for students who are learning English.	As you already know, this visit is absolutely important for students who are learning English.
This is a unique opportunity to improve our skills in that language because we could speak English with anybody in the college and learn new words, also is an excellent chance to make friends who can help us to improve everyday.	This is a unique opportunity to improve our skills in that language because we could speak English with anybody in the college and learn new words, also is an excellent chance to make friends who can help us to improve everyday.
We have disscussed about our accomodation and we have decided that being together in a youth hostel is the best option.	We have disscussed about our accomodation and we have decided that being together in a youth hostel is the best option.
Living with an English-speaking family is also a good option but, most of us wish to botter nobody with unnecessary extra-cares.	Living with an English-speaking family is also a good option but, most of us wish to botter nobody with unnecessary extra-cares.
Therefore, living in a youth hostel allow us to have a little more freedom and decide by ourselves.	Therefore, living in a youth hostel allow us to have a little more freedom and decide by ourselves.
We would be greatly grateful if you can inform us about the weather and clothes, so we can be necessarily prepared.	We would be greatly grateful if you can inform us about the weather and clothes, so we can be necessarily prepared.
Looking forward to your reply,	Looking forward to your reply,
Miguel Alonso	Miguel Alonso
I wonder if you can give me tips about how to write, i mean should i use a more formal style or my style is ok as it is?	I wonder if you can give me tips about how to write, i mean should i use a more formal style or my style is ok as it is?
Thank You for reading!	Thank You for reading!
Hi!! My first writing in English on this page!	Hi!! My first writing in English on this site!
Hi!	Hi!
This is my fist writing on this page.	This is my first time writing in English on this site.
I've been studying English for some time, you know to master a language many skills are necessary such as speaking, listening, reading and writing.	I've been studying English for some time, you know to master a language many skills are necessary such as speaking, listening, reading and writing.
These are the so famous 4 skills to learn languages and sometimes it can be really hard to master them.	These are the infamous 4 skills for learning a language well and sometimes it can be really hard to master them.
However, it also depends on the amount of time that you dedicate to learning the language which you're interested on.	However, it also depends on the amount of time that you dedicate to learning the language which you're interested in.
It's obvious that you won't reach a good level in a short time if you don't practice a few hours everyday.	It's obvious that you won't reach a good level in a short time if you don't practice a few hours everyday.
It is said that some languages are easier to learn.	It is said that some languages are easier to learn than others.
In my opinion, it also depends on your native language.	In my opinion, it also depends on your native language.
For example for many westerners is a lot easier to learn English,French,Italian and Spanish because these languages come from Latin, being known as romance languages.	For example for many westerners is a lot easier to learn English,French,Italian and Spanish because these languages come from Latin, being known as romance languages.
But learning Chinese, Korean or Japanese can be hard as hell, cause we aren't familiar with those weird,strange symbols.	But learning Chinese, Korean or Japanese can be hard as hell, cause we aren't familiar with those weird,strange symbols.
So, for Japanese people is really hard learning English because they aren't familiar with most words and their pronunciation isn't as flexible as English pronunciation.	So, for Japanese people is really hard learning English because they aren't familiar with most words and their pronunciation isn't as flexible as English pronunciation.
When I became aware of this page I thought that it could be very handy to practice my English as well as my Japanese and in exchange, help many people learning my native language which it is Spanish.	When I became aware of this page I thought that it could be very handy to practice my English as well as my Japanese and in exchange, help many people learning my native language which it is Spanish.
So, thank you very much for reading my first writing in English.	So, thank you very much for reading my first writing in English.
:D	:D
Ah!	Ah!
by the way, my nickname is Michard,nice to meet you.	by the way, my nickname is Michard,nice to meet you.
(though this should have been written at the beginning and not at the end but i forgot it XD).	(though this should have been written at the beginning and not at the end but i forgot it XD).
I love english language	I love english language
I have my first test of english this Monday!	I have my first test of english this Monday!
....	....
help me!!!!	help me!!!!
Whatever you wanna call it	Whatever you wanna call it
If someone asked me if I could weigh up the things I feel inside of me, I'd say there's no number invented which can tell anybody about this.	If someone asked me if I could weigh up the things I feel inside of me, I'd say there's no number invented which can tell anybody about this.
As a matter of fact, I have to admit that sometimes I think I'm quite crazy at all.	As a matter of fact, I have to admit that sometimes I think I'm quite crazy at all.
I don't know in what sense or in which level of madness.	I don't know in what sense or in which level of madness.
But this madness I mean is not in the sense that everybody could imagine or figure out.	But this madness I mean is not in the sense that everybody could imagine or figure out.
I do think that everybody is kind of crazy in some way and I'll tell you why do I think this.	I do think that everybody is kind of crazy in some way and I'll tell you why do I think this.
Don't everybody have a kind of personality?	Don't everybody have a kind of personality?
And don't everybody like different things from the others?	And don't everybody like different things from the others?
How is it that there happen to be as much opinions as human beings alive?	How is it that there happen to be as much opinions as human beings alive?
In my kind of theory, the personality is a sort of synonimous of "madness".	In my kind of theory, the personality is a sort of synonimous of "madness".
Everybody have their own personality or whatever you wanna call it.	Everybody have their own personality or whatever you wanna call it.
Anyway, that's my own personality itself and the things I'm saying here take part of my kind of personal 'insanity'.	Anyway, that's my own personality itself and the things I'm saying here take part of my kind of personal 'insanity'.
Cultural Intelligence	Cultural Intelligence
Hi!	Hi!
I'm trying to transcribe this video explanation: 	I'm trying to transcribe this video explanation: 
That's what I've understood but I'm not sure if it's correct or not and there are also some words which are impossible to understand for me:	That's what I've understood but I'm not sure if it's correct or not and there are also some words which are impossible to understand for me:
What factors determine the way I am?	What factors determine the way I am?
What makes up my culture?	What makes up my culture?
Why is my culture so different from others?	Why is my culture so different from others?
What is this person like?	What is this person like?
Why are they this way?	Why are they this way?
The action of moving across cultures is a different and challenging one.	The action of moving across cultures is a different and challenging one.
It requires a degree of adjustment and adaptation that is not found in any other type of social interaction, because so many aspects of the new situation differ from the prior ones.	It requires a degree of adjustment and adaptation that is not found in any other type of social interaction, because so many aspects of the new situation differ from the prior ones.
To make things more difficult, many of the rules that we learn in one or in more than in one culture may not be useful in a new culture.	To make things more difficult, many of the rules that we learn in one or in more than in one culture may not be useful in a new culture.
In fact, many of the lessons learnt in one culture would often interfere with successful adaptation in a new culture.	In fact, many of the lessons learnt in one culture would often interfere with successful adaptation in a new culture.
Culture adaptation is a bit of moving target and requires and requires a set of highly complex cognitive and meta-cognitive skills.	Culture adaptation is a bit of moving target and requires and requires a set of highly complex cognitive and meta-cognitive skills.
Consisting with conceptual framework of education of philosophers, like Johan Dewey, _____ and David Cole, cultural intelligence or CQ approaches the task of becoming multi-culturally affective and fruitful to the leads of motivation, cognition and behavior.	Consistent with conceptual framework of education of philosophers, like Johan Dewey, _____ Piaget and David Cole, cultural intelligence or CQ approaches the task of becoming multi-culturally affective and fruitful through the lens of of motivation, cognition and behavior.
These components have been researched and found to be applicable in the attempt to provide leathers to their survival kit to improve and enhance their willingness to be cross-cultural, their capacity to be successful cross-cultural agents and their ability to adapt and adjust to different cultural situations.	These components have been researched and found to be applicable in the attempt to provide leathers to their survival kit to improve and enhance their willingness to be cross-cultural, their capacity to be successful cross-cultural agents and their ability to adapt and adjust to different cultural situations.
Because of the immense challenges poised by demanding to interact in multi-cultural situations, CQ is a survival kit.	Because of the immense challenges poised by demanding to interact in multi-cultural situations, CQ is a survival kit.
Due to CQ Enhancement Seminar, sponsored by the US Canada regional office, we seek to equip persons with the survival kit because the church is called upon to minister not only the persons who are like us but if the truth be told we do ministry amongst the persons and people groups who live in a cultural vastly different from our own.	Due to CQ Enhancement Seminar Through the CQ Enhancement Seminar, sponsored by the US Canada regional office, we seek to equip persons with the survival kit because the church is called upon to minister not only the persons who are like us but if the truth be told we do ministry among persons and people groups who live in a cultural vastly different from our own.
On that fateful day in April 1970 when the spacecraft Apollo 13th found itself in difficulty, we heard those unforgettable words: “Houston, we have a problem”.	On that fateful day in April 1970 when the spacecraft Apollo 13th found itself in difficulty, we heard those unforgettable words: “Houston, we have a problem”.
This was not a call to surrender or capitulate; it was a summons to creativity, inspiration, passion and perseverance.	This was not a call to surrender or capitulate; it was a summons to creativity, inspiration, passion and perseverance.
The words of the crew space sponsor from missing control on Earth still resonate with us today: “Failure is not an option”.	The words that the crew in space heard from the mission control on earth still resonate with us today: “Failure is not an option”.
The result of that famous oft was a successful recovery of the mission.	The result of thatfirm resolve was a successful recovery of the mission.
The CQ survival kit embraces those words on behalf of those who are willing to respond to the called to ministry cross-culturally “Failure is not an option”.	The CQ survival kit embraces those words on behalf of those who are willing to respond to the call to minister cross-culturally “Failure is not an option”.
As the seminar will show there are four essential tools in the survival kit for improving one’s cross-cultural effectiveness and these four tools provide the answer to 49 questions asked for those who are involved in this challenging ministry.	As the seminar will show there are four essential tools in the survival kit for improving one’s cross-cultural effectiveness and these four tools provide the answer to four gnawing  questions asked for those who are involved in this challenging ministry.
Tool number 1 is CQ Drive.	Tool number 1 is CQ Drive.
This provides answers to questions: What’s my motivation?	This provides answers to questions: What’s my motivation?
What’s my level of confidence and motivation for this cross-cultural assignment	What’s my level of confidence and motivation for this cross-cultural assignment?
If it’s lucking, what can I do to increase it?	If it’s lucking lacking, what can I do to increase it?
Leaders with high CQ Drive are motivated to learn and adapt to new and diverse cultural settings.	Leaders with high CQ Drive are motivated to learn and adapt to new and diverse cultural settings.
They’re confidence and they’re adapting abilities are likely to influence the very way they perform across cultural situations.	Their confidence and their adaptive abilities are likely to influence the very way they perform across cultural situations.
Tool number 2 is CQ Knowledge.	Tool number 2 is CQ Knowledge.
This provides answers to the questions: What do I need to know?	This provides answers to the questions: What do I need to know?
What cultural understanding do I need for this cross-cultural assignment?	What cultural understanding do I need for this cross-cultural assignment?
Leaders with high CQ Knowledge have a rich, well, organized understanding of “culture” and how it affects the way people think and behave.	Leaders with high CQ Knowledge have a rich, well, organized understanding of “culture” and how it affects the way people think and behave.
They possess a repertoire of knowledge in knowing how cultures are alike and different.	They possess a repertoire of knowledge in knowing how cultures are alike and different.
They understand how culture shapes behavior.	They understand how culture shapes behavior.
Tool number 3 is CQ Strategy.	Tool number 3 is CQ Strategy.
This provides answers to the questions: How should I plan?	This provides answers to the questions: How should I plan?
What do I need to plan in order to do this cross-cultural assignment successfully?	What do I need to plan in order to do this cross-cultural assignment successfully?
Leaders with high CQ Strategy develop ways to use cultural understanding to develop a plan for new cross-cultural situations.	Leaders with high CQ Strategy develop ways to use cultural understanding to develop a plan for new cross-cultural situations.
These leaders are better able to monitor, analyze and adjust their behaviors in different cultural settings.	These leaders are better able to monitor, analyze and adjust their behaviors in different cultural settings.
They’re conscious of what they need to know about a non-familiar culture.	They’re conscious of what they need to know about an unfamiliar culture.
Tool number 4 is CQ Action.	Tool number 4 is CQ Action.
This provides answers to the questions: What behaviors do I need to adjust?	This provides answers to the questions: What behaviors do I need to adjust?
What behaviors should I adapt for this cross-cultural assignment?	What behaviors should I adapt for this cross-cultural assignment?
Leaders with high CQ Action can drop on the other three dimensions of CQ to translate their enhanced motivation, understanding and planning into interactions.	Leaders with high CQ Action can drop can draw on the other three dimensions of CQ to translate their enhanced motivation, understanding and planning intoactions.
They process a broad repertoire of behaviors which they can use depending on the context.	They process a broad repertoire of behaviors which they can use depending on the context.
The CQ Enhancement Seminar may just be the source the Eurominister needs to guarantee some measure of success in your responds to God’s cultural mission.	The CQ Enhancement Seminar might just be the surge that your ministry needs to guarantee some measure of success in your responds to God’s cultural mission.
And as we become more culturally intelligent, each of us can become more effective on enriching our world with the ¿God's or good?	And as we become more culturally intelligent, each of us can becomemore effective at reaching our world with the Good News
news while simultaneously making the world a better place.	news while simultaneously making the world a better place.
Fungi used for packaging	Fungi used for packaging
We assume that many of our readers have received ever any product under order, sometimes you buy by internet, sometimes a relative's gift that live in other city.	We assume that many of our readers have received a product, sometimes bought via the internet or perhapssometimes a giftfrom a relative that lives in another city.
We assume that many of our readers have received ever any product under order, sometimes you buy by internet, sometimes a relative's gift that live in other city.	We assume that our readers have received the products they order, from the internet or as a gift from a relative, who lives in another city.
The important is that usually the product come protected and insulated by any kind of padding.	The important thing to note is that usually the product comes protected and insulated by some kind of padding.
Sometimes are foam balls, styrofoam, and when there ins't enogh money simply newspaper sheets wrinkled.	Sometimes they are foam balls or styrofoam. And when there isn't enough money simply crinkled newspaper sheets .
Sometimes are foam balls, styrofoam, and when there ins't enogh money simply newspaper sheets wrinkled.	Sometimes we use foam balls or styrofoam, and when there isn't enough money, simply wrinkled newspaper sheets.
Ecovative company is using a new product named "Mycobond", made with fungi.	One innovative company is using a new product named "Mycobond", made with fungi.
They say that in the manufacturing process It's spend eighth part of the energy necesary to generate the same volume of foam pellet, and It's emitted to the atmosphere tenth part of CO2.	They say that in the manufacturing process it spendsone-eighth of the energy necesary to generate the same volume of foam pellets, and it emits one-tenth of CO2.
They say that in the manufacturing process It's spend eighth part of the energy necesary to generate the same volume of foam pellet, and It's emitted to the atmosphere tenth part of CO2.	They say that in the manufacturing process spend one-eighth part of the energy necesary to generate the same volume of foam pellet, and emitted  tenth part of CO2 to the atmosphere.
Gustavo Cerati had a stable night, today will be assessed the damage	Gustavo Cerati had a stable night, but today the damage will be assessed.
Gustavo Cerati had a stable night, today will be assessed the damage	Gustavo Cerati had a stable night, but today the damage will be assessed.
Gustavo Cerati, hospitalized in serious conditions because of an cerebral vascular accident, remains "stable" as doctors said on the last night.	Gustavo Cerati, hospitalized and in serious condition because of cerebral vascular damage, remains "stable" as doctors said last night.
Gustavo Cerati, hospitalized in serious conditions because of an cerebral vascular accident, remains "stable" as doctors said on the last night.	Gustavo Cerati, hospitalized in serious condition because of a cerebral vascular accident, remains "stable" doctors said last night.
Particulary, doctor Herman Scholtz said that the muscle continue "stable within neurologic view point", adding "there haven't been improvements" but neither "has fallen" in his process of recovery, in statements given to Mitre radio.	Particulary, doctor Herman Scholtz said that the muscle continue "stable within neurologic view point", adding "there haven't been improvements" but neither "has fallen" in his process of recovery, in statements given to Mitre radio.
Particulary, doctor Herman Scholtz said that the muscle continue "stable within neurologic view point", adding "there haven't been improvements" but neither "has fallen" in his process of recovery, in statements given to Mitre radio.	Particulary, doctor Herman Scholtz said that the muscle continue "stable within neurologic view point", adding "there haven't been improvements" but neither "has there been any decline " in his process of recovery, in statements given to Mitre radio.
Cerati was operated on wednesday in the Teaching Medical Center La Trinidad de Caracas and this tuesday noon It will be assessed the damage that he suffered because of an cerebral ischemia.	Cerati was operated on Wednesday in the Teaching Medical Center La Trinidad de Caracas and this Tuesday noon. The damage will be assessed, that he suffered from cerebral ischemia.
Cerati was operated on wednesday in the Teaching Medical Center La Trinidad de Caracas and this tuesday noon It will be assessed the damage that he suffered because of an cerebral ischemia.	Cerati was operated on wednesday in the Teaching Medical Center La Trinidad de Caracas and this Tuesday at noon the damage that he suffered from the cerebral ischemia will be assessed .
The most recent medical report states that is premature to talk of sequels.	The most recent medical report states that it is too early to talk of more operations.
Until now he is in full intensive therapy.	he is currently in full intensive therapy.
Noth Korea sign forward as a goalkeeper in the world cup!	North Korea signs forward as a goalkeeper in the world cup!
Noth Korea sign forward as a goalkeeper in the world cup!	North Korea assigned forward as a goalkeeper in the World Cup!
FIFA have confirmed that the forward Kim Myong-won (signed as a goalkeeper in the final list of twenty-three players) only will can play as a goalkeeper.	FIFA has confirmed that the forward Kim Myong-won (signed as a goalkeeper in the final list of twenty-three players) can only play as a goalkeeper.
FIFA have confirmed that the forward Kim Myong-won (signed as a goalkeeper in the final list of twenty-three players) only will can play as a goalkeeper.	FIFA had confirmed that forward Kim Myong-won, who was assigned to be goalkeeper in the final list of twenty-three players, can only play as a goalkeeper.
North Korea named to the player of Amrokgang like a one of theirs three goalkeepers to have one more forward, thinking that only would need two goalkeepers for the football world cup.	North Korea named the player Amrokgang as one of their three goalkeepers to have one more forward, thinking that they would only need two goalkeepers for the football world cup.
North Korea named to the player of Amrokgang like a one of theirs three goalkeepers to have one more forward, thinking that only would need two goalkeepers for the football world cup.	North Korea named player Amrokgang, one of their three goalkeepers, to be another forward, thinking that only two goalkeepers would be needed for the football world cup.
What Asians didn't know, was the FIFA rules, which sets that is mandatory that every selection team must have three goalkeepers, so the organism won't allow Kim play as a field player.	What the Asians didn't know, was the FIFA rules, which sets that it is mandatory that every selection team must have three goalkeepers, so the organism won't allow Kim to play as a field player.
What Asians didn't know, was the FIFA rules, which sets that is mandatory that every selection team must have three goalkeepers, so the organism won't allow Kim play as a field player.	What Asians didn't know, was the FIFA rules, which sets that is mandatory that every selection team must have three goalkeepers, so the organization won't allow Kim play as a field player.
What Asians didn't know, was the FIFA rules, which sets that is mandatory that every selection team must have three goalkeepers, so the organism won't allow Kim play as a field player.	What these Asians didn't know was that in the FIFA rules, it is mandatory that every team must have three goalkeepers. For that reason, the organization didn't allow Kim to play as a fielder.
Hello Everyone!	Hello everyone!
Well, the first post I'm about to make is just because I want to have my first entry and correction at the same time haha	Well, the first post I'm about to make is just because I want to have my first entry and correction at the same time haha
I would like to start by saying that I feel very excited about this wepage, because you can exchange information with so many people and by extension you can also discover new words, new phrases, etc.	I would like to start by saying that I feel very excited about this webpage, because you can exchange information with so many people and by extension you can also discover new words, new phrases, etc.
Right now, I'm studying my major which is Trade Relations, and I live in Mexico City, as you all guys can notice at my profile main page :P	Right now, I'm studying my major which is Trade Relations, and I live in Mexico City, as you all guys can notice at my profile main page :P
Well, soon I'll be writing new stuff and I really would like you to correct me in order to accurate my English more and more as time goes by.	Well, soon I'll be writing new stuff and I really would like you to correct me in order to make my English more and more accurate as time goes by.
Thanks a lot for reading my post.	Thanks a lot for reading my post.
MickeyliciOus!	MickeyliciOus!
Mx	Mx
Just a little bit nervous...	Just a little bit nervous...
Next friday, I'm gonna attend this certification of English, which BTW it's starting to make me feel nervous.	Next friday, I'm going to take this certification in English, which BTW is starting to make me feel nervous.
I mean, I think I got a good basis when it comes to English, but this type of challenges make me feel kinda dizzy haha...	I mean, I think I have a good basis when it comes to English, but this type of challenge makes me feel kind of dizzy haha...
Anyway, I think I will have to stop thinkin' 'bout it and to concentrate in order to get at least 580 points...	Anyway, I think I will have to stop thinking about it and concentrate in order to get at least 580 points.
Of course, I'm talking about the TOEFL test.	Of course, I'm talking about the TOEFL test.
This would be the 1st time I take this examn, but hopefully, I will pass it =) Fingers crossed!	This will be the 1st time I take this exam, but hopefully, I will pass it =) Fingers crossed!
Thanks for reading =)	Thanks for reading =)
Greece	Greece
I´ve been visiting interesting cities like Rome and New York, but If there´s some place where I want to go, there is Greece.	Lately I've visited interesting cities like Rome and New York, but if there´s one place where I want to go, it's Greece.
I´ve been always seen the magic of Greece in the movies.	I´ve always seen the magic of Greece in the movies.
I love the white houses in the coast, the tradition of Athenas, the incredible color of the beaches and the hospitality of the people.	I love the white houses on the coast, the tradition of Athens, the incredible color of the beaches and the hospitality of the people.
I think I could go to there in the next years, when I start to work and I save some money, but for this moment, I only have my dreams.	I think I could go there in the next few years, when I start to work and I save some money, but for now, I only have my dreams.
Greece!	Greece!
There I´ll go!	There I´ll go!
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
Well, some friends of EE.	Well, some friends from the USA
UU said that my pronunciation is very good.	said that my pronunciation is very good.
But I have some misspellings, so I have to improve my grammar above all.	But I have some misspellings when I write, so I have to improve my spelling above all.
I will start writing about what I did today.	I will start by writing about what I did today.
I woke up at 6:30, I ate breakfast and finally I went to school	I woke up at 6:30, ate breakfast and finally went to school.
At 8:00 the Physic class started, We saw kinds of waves and We did mathematical exercises.	At 8:00 physics class started. We studied kinds of waves and did mathematical exercises.
At 10:00 the Technology class started, We prepared an exposition and We talk our doubts to the teacher.	At 10:00 technology class started. We prepared an exposition and asked the teacher questions.
At 11:30 the Biology class started, We did a test of the cellular organelles.	At 11:30 Biology class started; we had a test on cellular organelles.
The test was relatively easy.	The test was relatively easy.
At 13:00 I had lunch, I ate seafood.	At 13:00 I had lunch. I ate seafood.
At 14:00 the History class started, We saw a movie related to Cold War and We had to answer questions related to the movie.	At 14:00 history class started. We saw a movie about the Cold War and had to answer questions related to the movie.
At 15:30 the Religion class started, We debated about the positive and negative aspects of our society.	At 15:30 religion class started, and we debated the positive and negative aspects of our society.
At 16:15 the classes finished.	At 16:15 the classes finished.
I want to learn another language besides English, so I chose Italian.	I want to learn another language besides English, so I chose Italian.
My English level is intermediate, I can mantain conversations about familiar topics.	My English level is intermediate, I can mantain conversations about familiar topics.
Also I'm reading "The adventures of Sherlock Holmes" completely in English.	Also I'm reading "The adventures of Sherlock Holmes" completely in English.
Until now I have understood the 85%, I like to read these books, because I increase my vocabulary.	Until now I have understood 85%, and I like to read these books because it increases my vocabulary.
Ok, Now I will talk about the title of this entry, I decided to study Italian, ¿Why?, because I saw several languages and these were my observations:	Ok, Now I will talk about the title of this entry, I decided to study Italian, Why?, because I saw several languages and these were my observations:
-The French has a difficult pronunciation and too much irregular verbs.	French pronunciation is difficult, and there are too many irregular verbs
-The German doesn't have a rule for plural, the person who studies German must memorise the plural of every words.	German doesn't have a rule for plural, so studying German requires the memorization of the plural of every word.
The german words aren't similar to Spanish, 	German words aren't similar to Spanish, 
The phrase "If you know English you will learn German easily" is a myth.	The phrase "If you know English you will learn German easily" is a myth.
The English just help you on little vocabulary words such as "House, son, cat".	English is just helpful with little vocabulary words like "house," "son," and "cat."
But beyond that, nothing more.	But beyond that, it does not help with German.
-The portuguese has a grammar very similar to spanish, I never studied portuguese, but I could read a new in portuguese and understood it.	Portuguese grammar is very similar to Spanish grammar, and though I never studied portuguese, I could read in Portuguese and understand it.
So, ¿What's the problem with portuguese?, the pronunciation.	So, what's the problem with portuguese?, the pronunciation.
-And finally Italian, The grammar is similar to Spanish, but is equally complex	-And finally Italian, The grammar is similar to Spanish, but is equally complex.
The pronunciation is very easy, almost equal to Spanish, obviously with few differences (Ce, ci, che, chi, gn, cci, à, è, ì, ò, ù)	The pronunciation is very easy, almost equal to Spanish, obviously with few differences (Ce, ci, che, chi, gn, cci, à, è, ì, ò, ù)
Based on my observations, I chose Italian, since one week I'm studying it, I'm advancing fast, I learned the Articles, the Personal Pronouns, some basic vocabulary and now I can write basic sentences in Italian.	Based on my observations, I chose Italian. With just a week of studying, I'm advancing quickly. I learned the Articles, the Personal Pronouns, some basic vocabulary and now I can write basic sentences in Italian.
That was all :D	That was all :D
Playing a great game	Playing a great game
Yesterday I was playing "Empire Earth II", to be more specific...	Yesterday I play "Empire Earth II", to be more specific...
a random skirmish, There were ten players, including me, the selected map was "mediterranean", my starting position was in the north, beside the red and the yellow player.	a random skirmish, There were ten players, including me, the selected map was "mediterranean", my starting position was in the north, beside the red and yellow player.
I chose the british civilization, because it has good cavalry to combat other civilizations.	I chosed the british civilization, because it has good cavalry to combat other civilizations.
Since the start of the game, I had fifteen minutes to take territories, build and prepare an army to defend myself.	From the start of the game, I had fifteen minutes to take territories, build and prepare an army to defend myself.
But, I'm not faster, so in the minute fifteen, I had three territories and buildings, but not an army.	But I'm not fast, so inthat fifteen minute period, I had three territories and buildings, but not an army.
The other players were prepared for a war, so I had to build lots of walls in the frontiers, towers, and fortresses.	The other players were prepared for a war, so I had to build lots of walls on the frontiers as well as towers, and fortresses.
I signed agreements with the closest players, because I don't wanted a war.	I signed agreements with the closest players, because I didn't want a war.
However, the most distant players declared the war to me.	However, the most distant players declared the war on me.
Fortunately, those players were too far to attack me, however they send their ships to attack my ports, my reaction was faster, so I sent my frigates to defend the coastline.	Fortunately, those players were too far to attack me, however they sent their ships to attack my ports. Thankfully my reaction was fast, and I sent my frigates to defend the coastline.
That was my first victory, but only would be the beginning...	That was my first victory, but it would only be the beginning...
What I am writting now, Part1	What I am writting now, Part1
The world is coming to an end.	The world is coming to an end.
Have you ever realized that?	Have you ever realized that?
The continual conflicts mostly in developing countries, the huge amount of people suffering from poverty or dying of malnutrition and the really serious problem that is global warming.	The continual conflicts mostly in developing countries, the huge amount of people suffering from poverty or dying of malnutrition and the really serious problem that is global warming.
All these terrible situations are the problems that the earth and international community are facing.	All these terrible situations are the problems that the earth and international community are facing.
If there would be a way of solution, it would be the creation of a world government.	If there would be a way of solution, it would be the creation of a world government.
By creating a world government would be the best way to create a world order and bring peace to the world.	By creating a world government would be the best way to create a world order and bring peace to the world.
The idea of the creation of a world government appeared when World War Ⅱ ended.	The idea of the creation of a world government appeared when World War Ⅱ ended.
The miserable atomic bomb was dropped on Japan and it showed the world what an atomic bomb can do which was all nations can be destroyed, easily.	The miserable atomic bomb was dropped on Japan and it showed the world what an atomic bomb can do which was all nations can be destroyed, easily.
It was then the international community began to think about creating a united government to control the atomic power.	It was then the international community began to think about creating a united government to control the atomic power.
In this research paper, it will be indicated the situation the world is in and what we can do to fix it up.	In this research paper, it will be indicated the situation the world is in and what we can do to fix it up.
In the first, it will be a section about the reasons for a world government.	In the first, it will be a section about the reasons for a world government.
Next, we will go through the history of the development of the world government	Next, we will go through the history of the development of the world government.
At the end, it will be discussed on the problems with the world government working effectively and how to make it work better.	At the end, it will be discussed on the problems with the world government working effectively and how to make it work better.
​     The international community has forgotten what is happening in the developing countries.	​     The international community has forgotten what is happening in the developing countries.
Above all, Afghanistan is in a really sirius situation.	Above all, Afghanistan is in a really sirius situation.
And war is all that Afghanistan's children only know.	And war is all that Afghanistan's children only know.
According to the UNCHR, there are about 15.2 million people existing as refugee around the world, of which 20% that is 2.88 million people is said to have come from Afghanistan (2009 Global Trends).	According to the UNCHR, there are about 15.2 million people existing as refugee around the world, of which 20% that is 2.88 million people is said to have come from Afghanistan (2009 Global Trends).
The lost country’s economic power, due to the war, has fallen to the lowest in the world.	The lost country’s economic power, due to the war, has fallen to the lowest in the world.
The war in Afghanistan has destroyed everything especially opportunities of education which contributes the essential components of the country.	The war in Afghanistan has destroyed everything especially opportunities of education which contributes the essential components of the country.
The national literacy rate is only 28%.	The national literacy rate is only 28%.
In addition, the literacy rate goes less than 5% for women in rural areas.	In addition, the literacy rate goes less than 5% for women in rural areas.
Looking at the situations of children, one out of four loses their precious lives by the time they got to five.	Looking at the situations of children, one out of four loses their precious lives by the time they got to five.
In a 1997 UNICEF survey, children who experienced or witnessed or, actually, received act of violence during the war is reported to be close to 70% of the all researched amount.	In a 1997 UNICEF survey, children who experienced or witnessed or, actually, received act of violence during the war is reported to be close to 70% of the all researched amount.
There were many poor villages where people’s children had to put out as soldiers in order to obtain food and be able to eat, during the war.	There were many poor villages where people’s children had to put out as soldiers in order to obtain food and be able to eat, during the war.
Such children, in fact, need the opportunity of education, and it is important that they should be given the environment where they can essentially grow up just like children all over the world, in order to return to the society and contribute to the country’s success in the future.	Such children, in fact, need the opportunity of education, and it is important that they should be given the environment where they can essentially grow up just like children all over the world, in order to return to the society and contribute to the country’s success in the future.
However, an international volunteer association called Shanti (SVA), has reported that there is no text book in Afghanistan while more than 5,000 schools are required, teachers who have received a higher education are only 15%, and to not to increase the generation that cannot receive a normal education, it is an emergency task to obtain the assistance, that is needed, from the international community.	However, an international volunteer association called Shanti (SVA), has reported that there is no text book in Afghanistan while more than 5,000 schools are required, teachers who have received a higher education are only 15%, and to not to increase the generation that cannot receive a normal education, it is an emergency task to obtain the assistance, that is needed, from the international community.
(to be continued)	(to be continued)
Hello!	Hello!
I'm new here, can somebody help me?	I'm new here, can somebody help me?
I need help to improve my writing.	I need help to improve my writing.
Hello, 	Hello, 
I'm a translator and my level of English is good.	I'm a translator and my level of English is good.
Nevertheless, I would like to improve my writing skills.	Nevertheless, I would like to improve my writing skills.
What can I do to acquire more vocabulary and fluency?	What can I do to acquire more vocabulary and fluency?
Any ideas?	Any ideas?
Thank you.	Thank you.
my email to Tom	my email to Tom
Dear Tom, 	Dear Tom, 
Thanks for sending your email.	Thanks for sending your email.
My journey home was very long.	My journey home was very long.
I took over three hours because I got lost on the way as my GPS broke down.	I took over three hours because I got lost on the way as my GPS broke down.
However, I got to buy a map at a petrol station.	However, I got to buy a map at a petrol station.
We have many photos, but my favourite is when we went to Madame Tussands’ museum and a picture of us was taken trying to kiss the Prince Charles, each other in a cheek.	We have many photos, but my favourite is when we went to Madame Tussands’ museum and a picture of us was taken trying to kiss the Prince Charles, each other in a cheek.
Don’t worry about your watch.	Don’t worry about your watch.
I found it in the bathroom, in the shelves.	I found it in the bathroom, in the shelves.
I reckon you took your watch off for washing your hands before having lunch.	I reckon you took your watch off for washing your hands before having lunch.
In September, I’d like to stay on your uncle’s farm in the countryside because I reckon it will be funnier than to stay in a flat without fresh-air.	In September, I’d like to stay on your uncle’s farm in the countryside because I reckon it will be funnier than to stay in a flat without fresh-air.
Besides, I love animals.	Besides, I love animals.
When I was a child, I used to go to my grandma’s farm for playing with my lovely pony.	When I was a child, I used to go to my grandma’s farm for playing with my lovely pony.
Does your uncle have one?	Does your uncle have one?
I’m looking forward to hearing from you.	I’m looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours,	Yours,
Maria	Maria
robert and me  :)	Robert and I :)
On Wednesday afternoon I had ¿went to have?	On Wednesday afternoon I went to have
On Wednesday afternoon I had ¿went to have?	On Wednesday afternoon I had 
dinner at Roberto’s for the last time.	dinner at Roberto’s for the last time.
He had a ready flight ticket for Rio de Janeiro as well.	He already had a flight ticket for Rio de Janeiro .
He had a ready flight ticket for Rio de Janeiro as well.	He had a flight ticket for Rio de Janeiro as well,
He showed it to me.	and heshowed it to me.
He pointed at a geographic map the route of his flight that he intended to do.	He pointed at a geographic map to show the route of the flight that he intended to do.
He pointed at a geographic map the route of his flight that he intended to do.	He pointedout the route of his flight that he intended to do on a geographic map.
He said that it isn’t just a flight, but a kind of emigration.	He said " this isn’t just a flight, but a kind of emigration".
About twenty of his friends came to say farewell, also Carla and Livia who almost didn’t look at me.	About twenty of his friends came to say farewell, including Carla and Livia who almost didn’t look at me.
I stayed until midnight, then I said my goodbyes and I left.	I stayed until midnight, then I said my goodbyes and I left.
robert and me 2	Robert and I 2
I walked fast, with my hands in my pocket and raincoat collar raised.	I walked quickly, with my hands in my pockets and my raincoat collar raised.
Nearly underneath my house I met a blond guy who took Maria for a drive in his Volvo.	Near my house I met the blond guy who took Maria for a drive in his Volvo. Don't know what you mean by underneath here.
I saw him in the light of a street lamp less than two metres away, and even if he wore the same raincoat and the same glasses and the same face from yesterday, he came to my mind only when we were moving thirty metres away.	I saw him in the light of the street lamp less than two meters away, and even if he had the same raincoat and the same glasses and the same face from yesterday, I only remembered him when we were already thirty meters away. Metre is OK if you're going for British English, otherwise it's incorrect.
In the school ...	In school ...
This text is a translation from Italian to English so ....	This text is a translation from Italian to English so ....
I suppos there are many mistakes.	I suppos there are many mistakes.
Thanks for your help.	Thanks for your help.
In the school the most passive among our schoolmates have also started to regret openly about which might study and about how it was teaching.	In school the most passive among our schoolmates have also started to regret openly about which might study and about how it was taught.
Teachers have tried to raise their voice, to accentuate the lack of understanding of their explanations for frighten us.	Teachers have tried to raise their voice, to accentuate the lack of understanding of their explanationsto frighten us.
At the beginning, our demands were very reasonable but teachers didn't seem to take it into consideration.	At the beginning, our demands were very reasonable but teachers didn't seem to take it into consideration.
Once for example, Guido proposed to the Latin teacher that we read entire books instead of the usual parts od a text with many grammatical examples.	Once for example, Guido proposed to the Latin teacher that we read entire books instead of the usual parts od a text with many grammatical examples.
some questions about me	Some questions about me
How does your home town compare with Bath?	How does your home town compare with Bath?
My home town is smaller than Bath and it isn’t so popular with tourists likethis, although the weather in Spain is sunnier than here.	My home town is smaller than Bath and it isn’t so popular with tourists . Although the weather in Spain is sunnier than here!
Do you think you will live in Spain for ever?	Do you think you will live in Spain for ever?
Yes, I do.	Yes, I do.
Because although I like travelling around Europe, my family and my friends are in Spain and it will be very hard to spend my time without seeing them.	Because although I like traveling around Europe, my family and my friends are in Spain and I would find it very hard to pass my time without seeing them.
Because although I like travelling around Europe, my family and my friends are in Spain and it will be very hard to spend my time without seeing them.	Because although I like travelling around Europe, my family and my friends are in Spain I would find it very hard to go away and spend time without seeing them.
What does your work involve?	What does your work involve?
I work as a receptionist and I must receive clients and write down their personal details, answer telephone calls, turn the computers on and so on.	I work as a receptionist and I receive clients and write down their personal details, answer telephone calls, turn the computers on and so on.
What do you hope your life will be like in ten years time?	What do you hope your life will be like in ten years time?
I hope to be married with a hard-working man and I’d like to have a well-paid job.	I hope to be married with a hard-working man and I’d like to have a well-paid job.
Do you play any instrument?	Do you play any instruments?
Yes, I do.	Yes, I do.
I used to play piano twice a week in Spain, but here in Bath I have given up.	I used to play the piano twice a week in Spain, but here in Bath I have had to give it up.
questions about me 2	questions about me 2
Have you any pet?	Do you have you any pets?
No, I haven’t.	No, I don’t.
I had a rabbit 5 years ago but one night, my brother forgot to close the door of the cage and next day, we didn’t find it.	I had a rabbit 5 years ago but one night, my brother forgot to close the door of the cage. The next day, we didn’t find it.
can you cook?	Can you cook?
Who usually cooks at home?	Who usually cooks at home?
I can’t cook because when my mother or grandmother are cooking, I’m studying, so I never watch how they cook.	I can’t cook because when my mother or grandmother are cooking, I’m studying. So, I never watch how they cook.
Usually, my grandmother cooks while my parents are working but at the weekends my mother always cooks.	Usually, my grandmother cooks while my parents are working but on the weekends my mother always cooks.
Have you ever taken part in a competition?	Have you ever taken part in a competition?
Yes, I have.	Yes, I have.
I was runner-up with 80 points in a tennis competition last year.	I was runner-up with 80 points in a tennis competition last year.
teacher or book	teacher or book
I think that to learn with a help from a teacher is better than to learn yourself.	I think that to learn with a help from a teacher is better than to learn alone.
I think that to learn with a help from a teacher is better than to learn yourself.	I think that to learn with help from a teacher is better than teaching yourself.
I remember when I was a child, my teacher, my friends and I were reading a book and we didn’t understand the meaning of both in the sentence ‘Scarcely had the lion and the tigers arrived in the lake when both animals died of thirst’.	I remember when I was a child, my teacher, my friends and I were reading a book and none of the children understood the meaning of both in the sentence ‘Scarcely had the lion and the tigers arrived in the lake when both animals died of thirst’.
I remember when I was a child, my teacher, my friends and I were reading a book and we didn’t understand the meaning of both in the sentence ‘Scarcely had the lion and the tigers arrived in the lake when both animals died of thirst’.	I remember when I was a child, My teacher was showing my friends and I a book, but we didn't understand the meaning of 'both' in the sentence: ‘Scarcely had the lion and the tigers arrived in the lake when both animals died of thirst’.
Miss Carolina, what is the meaning of both?	"Miss Carolina, what is the meaning of 'both'?"
Said my friends and me.	asked my friends and me.
Said my friends and me.	asked my friends and I.
My teacher said to us that both are referring to the tigers and the lions together.	My teacher told us that the word 'both' was referring to the tigers and the lions together.
It is funnier that a person talks you about something and you listen to her/him than to read a book with a small writing without pictures.	It is more effective when a person talks you about something and you listen to her/him than to read a book with a small writing without pictures.
It is funnier that a person talks you about something and you listen to her/him than to read a book with a small writing without pictures.	It is funnier when a person talks to you about something and you listen to her/him, rather than reading a book with small writing, without pictures.
Nathalie de Nantes	Nathalie de Nantes
Elle est Nathalie Martin qui est née le 25 de juillet du 71 à Nantes.	Elle est Nathalie Martin qui est née le 25 de juillet du 71 à Nantes.
Elle est célibataire et elle n’a pas de enfants.	Elle est célibataire et elle n’a pas de enfants.
Elle travail comme infirmière et ses loisirs sont la natation, le cinéma et la peinture.	Elle travail comme infirmière et ses loisirs sont la natation, le cinéma et la peinture.
Elle aime aussi voyager.	Elle aime aussi voyager.
Maintenant, elle habite 6, avenue Lepic à Nantes.	Maintenant, elle habite 6, avenue Lepic à Nantes.
interview with almu	interview with almu
She chose to study English Translation because she didn’t like any other degree	She chose to study English Translation because she didn’t like any other degree.
At first, she thought about doing English Philology, but finally, she preferred to study a Translation degree.	At first, she thought about doing English Philology, but eventually, she decided to study a Translation degree.
She doesn’t regret her choice.	She doesn’t regret her choice.
She decided to study in the University of Málaga because she didn’t have a mark high enough to enter to the University of Granada, which has a better reputation.	She decided to study in the University of Málaga because she didn’t have a mark high enough to enter to the University of Granada, which has a better reputation.
She likes more interpretation than translation because she prefers to speak and listen to some language than write it.	She likes interpretation more than translation because she prefers to speak and listen to language rather than write it.
She doesn’t want to become a teacher because she finds this profession very boring since she should teach the same things every year.	She doesn’t want to become a teacher because she finds the profession very boring as she would teach the same things every year.
Almu thinks she doesn’t have the enough skills to become a good translator or interpreter yet.	Almu thinks she doesn’t yet have the skills to become a good translator or interpreter ,
But she hopes to learn them during her degree.	but she hopes to learn them during her degree.
She loves English language,but she likes German and Italian languages too.	She loves the English language, but she likes German and Italian too.
In fact she is going to Germany to improve her German for one year.	In fact, she is going to Germany for one year to improve her German .
She will try to meet a lot of people in parties; she will go to pubs, clubs ...	She will try to meet a lot of people in parties; she will go to pubs, clubs ...
etc., but she will also study hard because it is not easy to pass subjects in another language she doesn’t know very well.	etc., but she will also study hard because it is not easy to pass subjects in another language she doesn’t know very well.
So, she think Erasmus is a good way to learn other languages if you talk to people from that country and go out with them instead of going out with Spanish people.	So, she thinks Erasmus is a good way to learn other languages if you talk to people from that country and go out with them instead of going out with Spanish people.
She hopes to make nice German friends.	She hopes to make nice German friends.
doubts...	doubts...
I have some doubts of these sentences are right:	I have some doubts about whether these sentences are right:
-Subject matter of the text is why we have a fuzzy memory.	-The text explains why we have a fuzzy memory.
-Subject matter of the text is why we have a fuzzy memory.	- The subject matter of the text explains why we have a fuzzy memory.
or maybe ...	or maybe ...
why do we have a fuzzy memory.	why do we have a fuzzy memory.
-The author of this text informs about the reasons why can’t we find certain memories when we need to.	-The author of this text explains the reasons why we can't find certain memories when we need to.
-The author of this text informs about the reasons why can’t we find certain memories when we need to.	-The author of this text informs us about the reasons why we can’t find certain memories when we need to.
or maybe why we can't find ...	or maybe why we can't find ...
This is a problem for me ....	This is a problem for me ....
thanks	thanks
posh people	posh people
They always wear designer clothes (Lacoste, Burberry,Tommy Hilfiger)so,they are very interesting in the fashion.	They always wear designer clothes (Lacoste, Burberry,Tommy Hilfiger)so,they are very interested in fashion.
Their parents have quite money, so they belong to upper class.	Their parents have quite a lot of money, so they belong to the upper class.
They have luxury cars like Audi, Mercedes, Jaguar between others ones.	They have luxury cars like Audi, Mercedes, Jaguar between others ones.
Some boys wear slightly tight trousers with sweater over their shoulders and nautical shoes.	Some boys wear slightly tight trousers with sweater over their shoulders and nautical shoes.
Other ones wear underpants 10 cm over trousers with a very tight t-shirt.	Other ones wear underpants 10 cm over trousers with a very tight t-shirt.
Girls normally wear tops, polo shirt, dresses, lots of variety of clothes; handbags very big, huge sunglasses, round pointed tip shoes or converser or high-heeled shoes.	Girls normally wear tops, polo shirt, dresses, lots of variety of clothes;  very big handbags, huge sunglasses, round pointed tip shoes or Converses or high-heeled shoes.
helppppppppppppppppppp American people!!	helppppppppppppppppppp American people!!
I'd like to know what is the mean of Outback.	I'd like to know, what is the meaning of Outback.
The context is "America's Outback: Southern Utah".	The context is "America's Outback: Southern Utah".
I don't know if Outback is that S.	I don't know what 'Outback' is.
Utah is inside of the country or that there is very few people in S.	Is it that Utah is inside of the country or that there are very few people there?
Utah (uninhabited).	Utah (uninhabited).
thanks XX	thanks XX
robert and me 3	Robert and I - 3
We walked next to each other for a quarter of an hour.	We walked next to each other for a quarter of an hour.
I wasn’t sure that he took me to Maria’s; it was only an idea that came into my head.	I wasn’t sure if he was taking me to Maria’s; this was only an idea that existed in my head.
I wasn’t sure that he wasn’t whoever friend, who by chance took her for a drive in his car the other day.	I wasn’t sure if they were friends who, by chance, had taken her for a drive in his car the other day.
When I saw them in his blue Volvo, they didn’t talk each other nor exchanged glances nor were close in any way.	When I saw them in his blue volvo, they didn’t talk to each other nor exchanged glances nor were close in any way. 
However they seemed joined in any genre of connexion.	However they seemed joined in some sort of way.
Perhaps it was typical their way of not talk and not looked at each other even if they were sited sideway.	Perhaps it is their typical behaviour together to not talk and look at each other even if they are seated sideways.
SARITAAAAA	SARITAAAAA
Dear Sara,	Dear Sara,
Many thanks for your last email.	Many thanks for your last email.
I’m very excited for your arrival.	I’m very excited for your arrival.
I reckon the best time for meeting up is the first week of May because I don’t have to work as my contract of employment will be over.	I reckon the best time for meeting up is the first week of May because I don’t have to work as my contract of employment will be over.
I’m sure that my mother will be very glad if you come at home to try some of the most delicious dishes made for her and she also could give you some recipes.	I’m sure that my mother will be very glad if you come home to try some of the most delicious dishes made by her and she could also give you some recipes.
If you’d like to go to some good local restaurant, I’ll recommend you having lunch in Pepito Bar where all the food is hand-made and besides if you order a snack, you will get a free pint.	If you’d like to go to a good local restaurant, I’d recommend you have lunch at Pepito Bar where all the food is hand-made and, besides, if you order a snack, you will get a free pint.
I’d love to go to your restaurant in July, but I can’t because I’ll start to work in an important company as a receptionist and I’ll have to spend nine hours a day here.	I’d love to go to your restaurant in July, but I can’t because I’ll start to work in an important company as a receptionist and I’ll have to spend nine hours a day here.
I wish your new restaurant was a success.	I hope your new restaurant was a success.
Best wishes,	Best wishes,
Pepita	Pepita
i ! >.<	i ! >.<
My name is Rosmery, but some peoples tell me Ross , Mery ,  Rosme...	My name is Rosmery, but some people call me Ross , Mery , Rosme...
I'm a funny girl, i like the music, the dance, cook , sing , the movies, sleep, eat, and others things more!.	I'm a funny girl, i like music, dancing, cooking , singing , going to the movies, sleeping, eating and many other things too!
My stature is 1,62 meters, and my weigh is 63 kg!.	My stature (height) is 1,62 meters, and my weigh is 63 kg!.
I think i am fat, i should do exercises and eat more healt!.	I think i am fat, i should do exercises and eat more healthy!.
I think i am fat, i should do exercises and eat more healt!.	I think i am fat, i should do exercises and eat healthier!.
I'm study in the University of Arts of muy contry, i'm learning Liric Song!.	I'm study in the University of Arts of my country, I'm learning song lyrics!.
I'm study in the University of Arts of muy contry, i'm learning Liric Song!.	I'm studying at the University of Arts of my country, i'm studying Liric singing.
I have a two best friends, they are a grat girls!.	I have a two best friends, they are great girls!.
My family is very very big,although in my hause living my dad, mom and my sister.	My family is very very big, although currently living in my house is, my dad, mom and my sister.
My family is very very big,although in my hause living my dad, mom and my sister.	My family is very very big, although, in my house live only my dad, mom, and my sister.
This is a Summary of who i am!...	This is a Summary of who i am!...
=)	=)
is a good nigth	it is a good night
is a good nigth	is a good night
i am in tha computer, my family is sleep beacuse is late at night!!...	i am in the computer, my family is asleep beacuse is late at night!!...
i am in tha computer, my family is sleep beacuse is late at night!!...	i am on the computer, my family is asleep beacuse is late at night!!...
i am relaxed, i'am listen music!...	i am relaxed, I'm listening to music!...
i am relaxed, i'am listen music!...	i am relaxed, i'm listening to music!...
i like the K-pop , is music of Korean!!	i like K-pop, it is music of Koreans!!
i like the K-pop , is music of Korean!!	i like K-pop , is music from Korea!!
is a funny music!!	There music is funny
is a funny music!!	is a funny music!! Maybe "nice" would be better. XD!
xP	xP
i am sad!	I am sad!
i am sad beacause my sister delete the program of the keyboard for write in Korean!.	I am sad because my sister deleted the program for the keyboard I use to write in Korean!.
i am sad beacause my sister delete the program of the keyboard for write in Korean!.	I am sad because my sister deleted the program for writing in Korean!.
TT.	TT.
TT So i cant practice Korean...	TT So I cant practice Korean...
TT So i cant practice Korean...	TT So I can't practice Korean...
I need download the program!	I need to download the program!
i wanna practice!!!....	I wanna practice!!!....
i wanna practice!!!....	I wanna practice!!!.... It would be better if you say "want to".
Wind	Wind
The wind blows very hard.	The wind is blowing very hard.
While I'm finishing up my homework, I hear loud noises on the roof.	While I'm finishing up my homework, I hear loud noises on the roof.
It looks like someone moving things there out.	It looks like someone is moving things out there. 
Also the tops of the trees are rustling, and I am hearing whisperings .	Also the tops of the trees are rustling, and I hear whispers.
I'm scared.	I'm scared.
I don't want more wind!	I don't want more wind! Would sound more natural to say something like, I want the wind to stop!
YouTube Symphony Orchestra	YouTube Symphony Orchestra
Today, an orchestra formed by people of the whole world has played in the Sydney Opera House.	Today, an orchestra consisting of people from the whole world has played at the Sydney Opera House.
Today, an orchestra formed by people of the whole world has played in the Sydney Opera House.	Today, an orchestra, comprised of people from all over the world, played in the Sydney Opera House.
This orchestra was a project created by YouTube, which published an invitation to participate in the contest to be selected as one of the orchestra members.	This orchestra was a project created by YouTube, which published an invitation to participate in a contest to be selected as one of the orchestra members.
This orchestra was a project created by YouTube, which published an invitation to participate in the contest to be selected as one of the orchestra members.	As a project created by Youtube, an invitation was sent out to give the opportunity to be selected as one of the orchestra members.
Despite the concert was at 8 p.m. in Sydney (it means that in Mexico it was at 3 a.m.) I watched the broadcasting in YouTube webpage.	Despite the concert being at 8 p.m. in Sydney, (which meant that in Mexico that it was 3 a.m.!), I watched the broadcast on YouTube's web-page.
Despite the concert was at 8 p.m. in Sydney (it means that in Mexico it was at 3 a.m.) I watched the broadcasting in YouTube webpage.	Despite the concert being at 8 p.m. in Sydney (it means that in Mexico it was at 3 a.m.), I watched the broadcast on YouTube.
I think music is a beatiful performance, it's something essential, like a type of language.	I think music is a beautiful performance, it's something essential, like a type of language.
I think music is a beatiful performance, it's something essential, like a type of language.	I think music is like a beautiful performance. It's something essential like a type of language.
I'd never lose a show like this, though I should not sleep at all.	I'd never miss a show like this, even if I would not have any sleep at all.
I'd never lose a show like this, though I should not sleep at all.	This was one show I would definitely not have missed. Since it was at 3am, it didn't really allow me to get much sleep .
Fortunately, this time I've slept more because today is Sunday.	Fortunately, this time I've slept more, because today is Sunday.
Fortunately, this time I've slept more because today is Sunday.	Fortunately, I was able to get more sleep afterwards due to it being a Sunday.
Also, tomorrow is a holiday.	Also, tomorrow is a holiday.
There's no activities in Mexico.	There are no activities in Mexico.
There's no activities in Mexico.	There are no activities in Mexico.
The most important thing is I listened the wonderful music of the Youtube Symphony Orchestra.	The most important thing though is, that I listened to the wonderful music of the Youtube Symphony Orchestra.
The most important thing is I listened the wonderful music of the Youtube Symphony Orchestra.	The most important thing is that I listened to the wonderful music of the Youtube Symphony Orchestra.
It's raining!	It's raining!
A long time ago in Mexico City, the rain is absent.	A long time ago in Mexico City, there was no rain.
However, today it has arrived.	However, today it arrived.
It isn't a pacific one, it's a storm.	It isn't from the Pacific , it's a storm.
Electric light is failing, and the lightnings shines through the dark sky.	The light are failing, and the lightning flashes through the dark sky.
The thunders are rumbling, breaking the silent night in the Federal District.	The thunder is rumbling, breaking through the silent night in the Federal District.
Despite it all, I love it , after the dry season in the capital.	Despite it all, I love it, especially after the dry season in the capital.
My favorite books	My favorite books
Recently I was reading Harry Potter books.	I was reading the Harry Potter books recently. - It's more natural top put 'recently' at the end.
Well, I should say that I read all the books around five times each one.	Well, I should say that I have read all the books around five times each.
But I read them in spanish.	However, this time I read them in Spanish.
I want to buy them in their original versions, the british ones.	I want to buy them in their original versions, the British ones.
Specially, because some words are different respect to the original.	Especially because some words are different in respect to the original.
For example, spanish for Death Eaters is "Mortífagos", or spanish for portkey is "traslador".	For example, the Spanish word for Death Eaters is "Mortífagos", and the Spanish word for portkey is "traslador".
I don't know which is the basis to translate it in that way, but that makes me think: If these two words are different, maybe there are a lot more!	I don't know what the reasoning is behind translating it in that way, but that makes me think: If these two words are different, maybe there are a lot more!
Verbs "to get" and "to have"	Verbs "to get" and "to have"
I found a lot of problems when I am trying to use and translate this two verbs.	I found a lot of problems when I was trying to use and translate these two verbs.
I thought that "to get" is like "to obtain", but I was reading texts in english and I saw that "to get" is used in other many ways.	I thought that "to get" is like "to obtain", but I was reading texts in english and I saw that "to get" is used in other many ways.
The same I think about "to have", even I found the word "get" in a place I thought the word "have" was more appropiate.	I think the same about "to have", and I found the word "get" in a place I thought the word "have" was more appropriate.
Anyone can help me?	Can anyone help me?
Do you know something about Cri-Cri?	Do you know something about Cri-Cri?
If you answer no, I would like to say you that Cri-Cri was a Mexican composer of children songs.	If your answer is no, I would like to inform you that Cri-Cri was a Mexican composer of children's songs.
He died in 1990.	He died in 1990.
He gave to Mexican people an inheritance, his songs are full of morals and advices.	He left the Mexican people an inheritance, his songs are full of good lessons and advice.
His real name was Fracisco Gabilondo Soler, but he adopted the nickname "Cri-Cri, el grillito cantor (Cri-Cri, The Little Singing Cricket)".	His real name was Fracisco Gabilondo Soler, but he adopted the nickname "Cri-Cri, el grillito cantor (Cri-Cri, The Little Singing Cricket)".
Below I tried to write you the translation of a song:	Below I tried to write you the translation of a song:
The Witches Song	The Witches Song
The black tower grows at midnight when the owl sings.	The black tower glows at midnight when the owl sings.
The witches fly in big broomsticks when the clock hands come together.	The witches fly on big broomsticks when the hands of the clock come together.
The bad children are dreaming visions, they did bad actions yesterday.	The bad children are dreaming visions, they did bad things yesterday.
And the dwarves give them hits to they behave good.	And the dwarves spank them to make them behave.
The witches go in through the windows	The witches go in through the windows
Always they hide under the beds.	Always they hide under the beds.
And with their crossed eyes they throw sparks to burn the stupid guys that don't want to study.	And with their crossed eyes they shoot sparks to burn the stupid children that don't want to study.
Steps are sounded in the loft.	The sound of someone going up stairs can be heard in the loft.
Bangs and laughters are heard.	Banging and laughter is heard.
They are the wicked witches engaged in searching for rude and liars and who are studying bad.	They are the wicked witches engaged in searching for rude children and liars who are not studying.
But the good ones are sleeping with smiles in their little beds with beautiful dreams.	But the good ones are sleeping with smiles on their faces in their little beds with beautiful dreams.
A little girl are dreaming that her teddy bear will marry with the new blonde dolly that her parents bought to her.	A little girl is dreaming that her teddy bear will marry with the new blonde dolly that her parents bought her.
The fairies and fireflies come, they sing songs like murmurs.	The fairies and fireflies come, they sing songs like murmurs.
If you behave good, at midnight you will hear them.	If you behave, at midnight you will hear them.
But beware , if you are bad, witches might come.	But beware , if you are bad, witches might come.
Excuse me if I translated it wrong.	Excuse me if I've translated it wrong.
Help me please!	Help me please!
I have a lot of doubts about English.	I have a lot of doubts about English.
Here they are.	Here they are.
Please, correct them, and if possible, explain them.	Please, correct them, and if possible, explain them.
Yo te vendí al mercader	Yo te vendí al mercader
I sold you to the merchant	I sold you to the merchant
Yo te vendí mi casa	Yo te vendí mi casa
I sold you my house	I sold you my house
I sold my house to you	I sold my house to you
I sold to you my house	I sold you my house
Yo lo vendí al mercader	Yo lo vendí al mercader
I sold him to the merchant	I sold him to the merchant
Yo le vendí mi casa	Yo le vendí mi casa
I sold him my house	I sold him my house
I sold my house to him	I sold my house to him
I sold to him my house	I sold my house to him
Ella me dijo que me quería	Ella me dijo que me quería
She said to me that she loved me	She told me that she loved me (I would say "told" here, but I can't explain why. It sounds more natural to me. It don't think it's technically wrong, but it sounds strange.)
She said me that she loved me	She told me that she loved me.
She said to me she loved me	She told me she loved me.
She said me she loved me	She told me she loved me.
Ella me contó su vida	Ella me contó su vida
She told me her life	She told me about her life.
She told to me her life	She told me about her life.
She told her life to me	She told her life story to me.
Concejo de la Ciudad	Concejo de la Ciudad
City Council	City Council
City's Council	City Council
Council of City	City Council
Would you want some money?	Would you like some money?
Would you want any money?	Would you like any money?
Do you need something?	Do you need something?
Do you need anything?	Do you need anything?
I am going to do my homework tomorrow.	I am going to do my homework tomorrow.
I am doing my homework tomorrow.	I am doing my homework tomorrow.
I will do my homework tomorrow.	I will do my homework tomorrow.
I shall do my homework tomorrow.	I shall do my homework tomorrow.
Estoy muy cansado.	Estoy muy cansado.
I am very tired.	I am very tired.
I am so tired.	I am so tired.
I am too tired.	I'm too tired to go.
No necesito dinero.	No necesito dinero.
I need no money.	I don't need any money.
I don't need money.	I don't need money.
I need nothing of money.	I don't need any money.
I don't need any money.	I don't need any money.
Royal Wedding	Royal Wedding
First, I want to say that I left Lang-8 a long time because I was studying.	First, I want to say that I wasn't on Lang-8 for a long time because I was studying.
My last exams were a week ago, and now I can say I'm free by the next three months.	My last exams were a week ago, and now I can say I'm free for the next three months.
Anyway, the topic I want to comment is Royal Wedding.	Anyway, the topic I want to comment on is the Royal Wedding.
I think that most of people knows what I'm talking about.	I think that most people know what I'm talking about.
Since about a month ago, all in TV is related to word "Royal".	Since about a month ago, everything on TV is related to the word "Royal".
I know that it is an important event in the UK, maybe it's important to Commonwealth of Nations, but I simply can't understand why it has caused  a lot of critics (good critics) and has changed the country (my country) into a total disorder.	I know that it is an important event in the UK, maybe it's even important to Commonwealth of Nations, but I simply can't understand why it has caught the full attention of a lot of critics (good critics) and has thrown the country (my country) into total disorder.
I know that it is an important event in the UK, maybe it's important to Commonwealth of Nations, but I simply can't understand why it has caused  a lot of critics (good critics) and has changed the country (my country) into a total disorder.	I know that it is an important event in the UK, and maybe it's important to the Commonwealth of Nations, but I simply can't understand why it has caused a lot of criticism (good criticism) and has turned the country (my country) into total disorder.
We are Mexico, we're a lot of miles away from England, we're a republic.	We are Mexico, we're many miles away from England, we're a republic.
Here doesn't exist noble ranks.	Here noble ranks do not exist.
But all the people stops doing their jobs and starts doing the conversation about the princess Kate's dress.	But all the people stop doing their jobs to converse about the princess Kate's dress.
But all the people stops doing their jobs and starts doing the conversation about the princess Kate's dress.	But everyone stops doing their jobs and starts talking about princess Kate's dress.
Perhaps I'm paranoic, but that's the way I'm feeling.	Perhaps I'm paranoid, but that's the way I feel.
Althought the wedding will be at 3:00 a.m. in Mexico, there are people able to stay up late only because they want to watch the greatest event since the discovery of the Americas.	Althought the wedding will be at 3:00 a.m. in Mexico, there are people willing to stay up late only because they want to watch the greatest event since the discovery of the Americas.
Althought the wedding will be at 3:00 a.m. in Mexico, there are people able to stay up late only because they want to watch the greatest event since the discovery of the Americas.	Although the wedding will be at 3:00 a.m. in Mexico, there are people who are going to stay up late only because they want to watch the greatest event since the discovery of the Americas.
But I say to myself: those are their lives, they can do with them everything they want.	But I say to myself: those are their lives, they can do with them whatever they want.
Ok, now, I'm feeling better.	Ok, now, I feel better.
The bulletin board	The bulletin board
Daily, The bulletin board is full of papers in which the people write some ads, one or two are so dumb.	Every day, The bulletin board is full of papers in which the people write some ads, ; one or two are so dumb.
For example, there is a bulletin like the following one:	For example, there is a bulletin like this:
"Has anyone found a green personal organizer?	"Has anyone found a green personal organizer?
It was left on the basketball court.	It was left on the basketball court.
Please be kind and don't read it.	Please be kind and don't read it.
Turn it in at the office.	Turn it in at the office.
No questions will be asked.	No questions will be asked.
I really need it"	I really need it"
Or like it:	Or like this:
"If you found my wallet, please return it.	"If you found my wallet, please return it.
You can take all my money, only I need my school identification"	You can take all my money, only I need my school identification"
Or worse:	Or worse:
"I ask reward for return my cell phone.	"I ask reward for return my cell phone.
It's urgent.	It's urgent.
I'm Roberto, group 505."	I'm Roberto, group 505."
What does it mean?	What does it mean?
Does it mean that Roberto wants money and his cell phone?	Does it mean that Roberto wants money and his cell phone?
He's crazy.	He's crazy.
But not all ads are stupids.	But not all ads are stupid.
There are many informative ads pasted by the administration.	There are many informative ads posted by the administration.
Today	Today
Today my English teacher told us about how to do a good summary, but I think I don't understood nothing.	Today my English teacher told us about how to do a good summary, but I don't think that I understood anything.
I think: if I cannot do a bad summary in Spanish, my mother tongue, I couldn't do a summary in english.	I think that if I can't write a good summary in Spanish, my mother tongue, I won't be able to do a good summary in English either.
I wonder if it is a problem I have since my primary education, and it's probably I need to begin practicing.	I wonder if it is a problem I have had since primary school, and it's probable that I will need to begin practicing.
Pita Discovers A New Word	Pita Discovers A New Word
Today, I tried to do a translation of a tale called "Pita descubre una palabra nueva".	Today, I tried to do a translation of a tale called "Pita descubre una palabra nueva".
I don't remember the author's name, I just remember that I read this tale when I was 8 years old.	I don't remember the author's name, I just remember that I read this tale when I was 8 years old.
I was in the primary.	I was in the primary.
It's a memory of my childhood.	It's a memory of my childhood.
Below I wrote the story's first part.	Below I wrote the story's first part.
Soon, I'll write the second one.	Soon, I'll write the second one.
PITA DISCOVERS A NEW WORD	PITA DISCOVERS A NEW WORD
One morning, Tomas and Anita came into the Pita's kitchen and they said to her good morning, but Pita didn't answer.	One morning, Tomas and Anita came into the Pita's kitchen and they said to her good morning, but Pita didn't answer.
She just smiled  with dreamy expression.	She just smiled  with dreamy expression.
"Excuse me for not responding your greeting; I'm thinking about the thing I discovered right now" Pita said.	"Excuse me for not responding your greeting; I'm thinking about the thing I discovered right now" Pita said.
"What have you discovered?"	"What have you discovered?"
"A new word!	"A new word!
A marvelous word!"	A marvelous word!"
"What kind of word?" Tomas inquired with some distrust.	"What kind of word?" Tomas inquired with some distrust.
"A wonderful word.	"A wonderful word.
One of the best I've heard in my life."	One of the best I've heard in my life."
"Come on, say it to us, Pita" the children said.	"Come on, say it to us, Pita" the children said.
"Palitroche!" Pita said triumphantly.	"Palitroche!" Pita said triumphantly.
"Palitroche?	"Palitroche?
What's its meaning?	What's its meaning?
"I wish I know it!"	"I wish I know it!"
"If you don't know what it means, it is useless" Anita said.	"If you don't know what it means, it is useless" Anita said.
"That worries me" Pita answered, bitting her right hand thumb.	"That worries me" Pita answered, bitting her right hand thumb.
"Who say what words mean?" Tomas asked.	"Who say what words mean?" Tomas asked.
"I think that some old masters did a meeting" Pita said."They invented some words and later they said: this word means it...	"I think that some old masters did a meeting" Pita said."They invented some words and later they said: this word means it...
, but no one never thought a word as beautiful as palitroche.	, but no one never thought a word as beautiful as palitroche.
What luck that I found it!	What luck that I found it!
I bet you everything you want that I'll discover what it means!	I bet you everything you want that I'll discover what it means!
Maybe it can be used with the noise we make when walking on the mud.	Maybe it can be used with the noise we make when walking on the mud.
Let's listen to how it sounds: When Anita is walking on the mud a wonderful palitroche can be heard...	Let's listen to how it sounds: When Anita is walking on the mud a wonderful palitroche can be heard...
No, it doesn't sounds good.	No, it doesn't sounds good.
That isn't it.	That isn't it.
Maybe it's something which can be bought in stores.	Maybe it's something which can be bought in stores.
Let's find out it!"	Let's find out it!"
"And let's see if we can" Tomas added.	"And let's see if we can" Tomas added.
Pita went to seek her purse and filled it with coins.	Pita went to seek her purse and filled it with coins.
"Palitroche sounds like a thing too expensive.	"Palitroche sounds like a thing too expensive.
Probably this money is enough.	Probably this money is enough.
Once agreed, they three went out the house.	Once agreed, they three went out the house.
About earthquakes	About earthquakes
Yesterday, there was a temblor in South Spain.	Yesterday, there was an earthquake in southern Spain. Or, "in the south of Spain."
There were deaths, that's sad.	There were deaths, which is sad.
Recently earthquakes has caused damages worldwide.	Recently earthquakes have caused damages worldwide.
Recently earthquakes has caused damages worldwide.	Recently earthquakes have caused damage worldwide.
It all makes me think that the end of our age it's near.	It all makes me think that the end of our age is near.
Mexico is a country located in a seismic zone.	Mexico is a country located in a seismic zone.
The most devastating earthquake was in 1985 (8.1 Richter), with about 10,000 deads.	The most devastating earthquake was in 1985 (8.1 Richter), with about 10,000 casualties.
The Government hid information because they didn't want that people realized the magnitude of the event.	The Government hid information because they didn't want people to realize the magnitude of the event.
The Government also did it because they were the culprits of a lot of deads caused by the bad planning of buildings.	The Government also did it because they were to blame for most of the deaths caused by the bad planning of buildings.
This year, I have lived three or four seisms- I can't rememeber how many, my head is full.	This year, I have witnessed three or four tremors- I can't rememeber how many, my head is full.
This year, I have lived three or four seisms- I can't rememeber how many, my head is full.	This year, I have lived through three or four tremors- I can't remember how many. My memory is fuzzy.
They were of high magnitude, between 5.5 and 7 in Richter Scale.	They were of high magnitude, between 5.5 and 7 in the Richter Scale.
They were of high magnitude, between 5.5 and 7 in Richter Scale.	They were of high magnitude, between 5.5 and 7 on the Richter Scale.
I am worried, probably there will be a great earthquake in Mexico which will destroy the city (Mexico City).	I am worried that there will probably be a big earthquake in Mexico which will destroy the city (Mexico City).
The city is built over a lake system, buildings won't resist.	The city is built over a lake system, so the buildings won't be able to withstand the pressure.
The Sims 3	The Sims 3
I've been playing The Sims 3, a life simulation game, in which you can make a sim and select its personality, its clothes, its hair, its skin color and a lot of atributes more.	I've been playing The Sims 3, a life simulation game, in which you can make a sim and select its personality, clothes, hair, skin color and many other features.
I love the game because there are many things to do, such as get a work, look for friends, grown, learn abilities, go out and know the city, travel, get married...	I love the game because there are many things to do, such as get a job, look for friends, grow, learn abilities, go out and get to know the city, travel, get married...
and much more!	and much more!
I think The Sims 3 is the best game ever created!	I think The Sims 3 is the best game ever created!
Degradation of Language	Degradation of Language
Today I want to talk about problems which exist in the Spanish language.	Today I want to talk about problems which exist in the Spanish language.
The first is misspelling.	The first is misspelling.
It's common to find mistakes in words with b-v, j-g, ll-y and z-c-s; another common mistake is the omission of "u" in words such as guerra (misspelled gerra) or guitarra (misspelled gitarra).	It's common to find mistakes in words with b-v, j-g, ll-y and z-c-s; another common mistake is the omission of "u" in words such as guerra (misspelled gerra) or guitarra (misspelled gitarra).
The second and last problem I want to talk about is something that I have called "Degradation of language".	The second and last problem I want to talk about is something that I have called "Degradation of language".
It consists in misspelling the words intentionally, omiting letters and doing a lot of changes which, in my opinion, destroy the language.	It consists in misspelling the words intentionally, omiting letters and doing a lot of changes which, in my opinion, destroy the language.
Here I have written some examples:	Here I have written some examples:
1st:	1st:
Carol:Neniz ia vez ni qizizt zalir qnmiwo d looo q t perdizt	Carol:Neniz ia vez ni qizizt zalir qnmiwo d looo q t perdizt
Weno uiii no zabez 	Weno uiii no zabez 
Nancy: haii nna sorry pro otro diia vaa Nuzz VamOzz de	Nancy: haii nna sorry pro otro diia vaa Nuzz VamOzz de
parthiii zii	parthiii zii
Carol: No ia no xq erz re qotiz iprimero vaz a decir zi i luewo	Carol: No ia no xq erz re qotiz iprimero vaz a decir zi i luewo
no mehor no xq nc q	no mehor no xq nc q
Nancy: x ziertoo Carol mee da peniiThaa decirlee a iia sabes 	Nancy: x ziertoo Carol mee da peniiThaa decirlee a iia sabes 
qiien qe qee hagOo nna	qiien qe qee hagOo nna
Carol: jajajaja no no t de penita dileee.	Carol: jajajaja no no t de penita dileee.
2nd:	2nd:
:O asu asu faaltann 2 mesess pa mii qumplee aa 12 dee maaiiO pa el 12 de juliiO oo loo buueno esq iiaa TngwO padriinoss paa las Gomiixeelass jajaa asu asu son biien buunisiimaa Ondaa jeje Belem Jacinto Calleja ii ell GordiithOopp......	:O asu asu faaltann 2 mesess pa mii qumplee aa 12 dee maaiiO pa el 12 de juliiO oo loo buueno esq iiaa TngwO padriinoss paa las Gomiixeelass jajaa asu asu son biien buunisiimaa Ondaa jeje Belem Jacinto Calleja ii ell GordiithOopp......
Omar Cesar Mendoza Hernandez jaja iiaa listooss vaiian ahooraando ee xiiquueloss xD jaja zaaless	Omar Cesar Mendoza Hernandez jaja iiaa listooss vaiian ahooraando ee xiiquueloss xD jaja zaaless
If you are learning Spanish, please try to understand the things I've pasted above.	If you are learning Spanish, please try to understand the things I've pasted above.
Were you able to understand it?	Were you able to understand it?
Does a similar phenomenon occur in English?	Does a similar phenomenon occur in English?
If so, I should be worried.	If so, I should be worried.
Earthquake	Earthquake
Today I wake up with bad news: There was an earthquake in Japan.	Today I woke up to bad news: There was an earthquake in Japan.
Yeah, I know it is so sad, and make me remember about an earthquake here in Mexico, 25 years ago.	Yeah, I know it is so sad, and it makes me remember an earthquake here in Mexico, 25 years ago.
It was a very destructive one, principally in Mexico City.	It was a very destructive one, especially in Mexico City.
There was thousands of dead people, and the city became paralyzed.	There were thousands of dead people, and the city became paralyzed.
I am younger that it, but anyway I have knowledge in that topic, because in Mexico, each year in September 19th,  it is remembered.	It happened before I was born, but I know about it because in Mexico, every year on September 19th, it is remembered.
Many people here know what means an earthquake, and for that reason, Mexican people give our support to them.	Many people here understand how devastating an earthquake can be, and for that reason, the Mexican people give our support to the Japanese.
I ask you to pray for Japan.	I ask you to pray for Japan.
I wish that they're fine.	I hope that they'll be okay.
Translating the Spanish subjuntive 	Translating the Spanish subjunctive 
I have problems when translating into English the sentences in Spanish which use verbs in subjuntive.	I have problems when translating into English the sentences in Spanish which use verbs in subjunctive.
For example:	For example:
Me hubieras avisado antes.	Me hubieras avisado antes.
Ojalá cantes mañana.	Ojalá cantes mañana.
Los que dañaren las boletas serán castigados.	Los que dañaren las boletas serán castigados.
If there is someone who speaks both languages, I ask you for help, I won't progress if my doubts don't leave.	If there is someone who speaks both languages, I ask you for help, I won't progress if my doubts don't leave.
Six Flags	Six Flags
Six Flags is an american corporation of amusement parks.	Six Flags is an American amusement park corporation.
It was founded in 1961 in Tarrant, Texas.	It was founded in 1961 in Tarrant, Texas.
Its name was "Six Flags Over Texas",  because Texas has had six flags through its history.	Its name was Six Flags Over Texas, because Texas has had six flags throughout its history.
Despite it is in the United States, there are other three located in Canada, Mexico and the United Arab Emirates.	Despite the fact that the corporation is American, there are three other parks located in Canada, Mexico, and the United Arab Emirates.
I live in Mexico City.	I live in Mexico City.
At south it's Six Flags.	Here, it's Six Flags.
At south it's Six Flags.	To the south of the city, there's a Six Flags.
My graduation of high school will be soon.	My graduation from high school will be soon.
My graduation of high school will be soon.	My high school graduation will be soon.
To celebrate, my friends and me will go the park.	To celebrate, my friends and I will go to the park.
I've gone other times in the past, but since then there are new atractions, like "The Dark Knight Coaster".	I've gone other times in the past, but now, there are new attractions, like the Dark Knight Coaster.
I've gone other times in the past, but since then there are new atractions, like "The Dark Knight Coaster".	I've gone other times in the past, but now there are new rides, like "The Dark Knight Coaster".
Also I want to watch the "Magic Light Parade", I never have seen it.	Also, I want to watch the Magic Light Parade; I have never seen it.
I am planning all the things I could do if I go to there.	I am planning all of the things I will do when I go there.
The park is far away from my house, but it doesn't matter.	The park is far away from my house, but it doesn't matter.
All I want is fun!	All I want is to have fun!
Earth Hour	Earth Hour
Today Saturday March 26th, will take place the fifth edition of Earth Hour.	Today, Saturday, March 26th, the fifth annual celebration of Earth Hour will take place. 
Perhaps you're wondering, what is Earth Hour?	Perhaps you're wondering, what is Earth Hour?
It's an event that is celebreted since 2007.	It's an event that has been celebrated since 2007.
That year, The Sydney Mornign Herald and the World Wide Fund for Nature conceived the idea which was performed in Sydney, and some other Australian cities, followed by other cities around the world.	That year, The Sydney Morning Herald and the World Wide Fund for Nature conceived the idea which was celebrated in Sydney as well as in some other Australian cities, followed by other cities around the world.
How is the Earth Hour celebrated?	How is Earth Hour celebrated?
Simply you must turn off the lights.	You just simply turn off the lights.
During one hour, try to do not use the light bulbs.	For one hour, try to not use light bulbs.
Now, you know what you have to do tonight.	Now, you know what you have to do tonight.
At 8:30 p.m. , switch off the lights.	At 8:30 p.m. , switch off the lights.
Only you need to stand up and walk a few steps, move your finger (any finger you want) and press on the switch.	You only need to stand up and walk a few steps, move your finger (any finger you want) and press down on the switch.
Think about the planet, think about our home.	Think about the planet, think about our home.
It's time to get a change.	It's time to make a change.
Maybe tomorrow it will be too late.	Maybe tomorrow it will be too late.
Getting a genuine copy of Windows 7... for free?	Getting a genuine copy of Windows 7... for free?
Yesterday I found an article about MSDN Academic Alliance.	Yesterday I found an article about MSDN Academic Alliance.
I was reading it, when I saw that this alliance provides all the Microsoft stuff for free, except Microsoft Office.	I was reading it, when I saw that this alliance provides all the Microsoft stuff for free, except Microsoft Office.
I thought it can't be real.	I thought it can't be real.
However, I decided to browse more information.	However, I decided to browse for more information.
I said to myself: "It must have an impossible to do condition."	I said to myself: "It must have an impossible to satisfy condition."
Then I found the condition: Be a student of a school which has adquired a licence with Microsoft, and be part of an area related to informatics.	Then I found the condition: Be a student of a school which has adquired a licence with Microsoft, and be involved in a field related to information science.
"Well, I'm part of an informatic area.	"Well, I'm in that field.
Only I need to know if my school got a licence."	Only I need to know if my school has a license."
Later, I accessed to the web page of my school.	Later, I accessed the web page of my school.
And, oh surprise!	And, oh surprise!
There was a link to sign up in the program.	There was a link to sign up to the program.
I did it, but immediately I received an e-mail: Wait, we are processing your data.	I did it, but immediately I received an e-mail: Please wait, we are processing your data.
Maybe you aren't a selectable one.	You may not be eligible.
Today in the evening, I checked my mail, and I found cheerful news: I was accepted.	Today in the evening, I checked my mail, and I found cheerful news: I was accepted.
Finally I could get all the genuine programs, legally, and the most important: for free!	Finally I could get all the genuine programs, legally, and the most important thing: for free!
A decision	A decision
In about a month I'll end my high-school education.	In about a month, I'll finish my high school education.
It's good, I'm very proud to tell I learnt a lot of things in this three years of "Preparatoria".	It's a good thing, and I'm very proud to say that I learned a lot of things in these three years of "Preparatoria".
I must select the career that I'll study.	Now I must select the career that I'll study.
I was looking for information, and I found three probable careers I want to study.	I was looking for information, and I found three possible careers to study.
These three are Computer Engineering, Industrial Design and Mecatronics.	These three are Computer Engineering, Industrial Design and Mecatronics.
Which one would you recommend me?	Which one would you recommend me?
Ciudad Juárez	Ciudad Juárez
Ciudad Juárez is a Mexican city situated in riverside of Rio Grande in the state of Chihuahua.	Ciudad Juárez is a Mexican city situated on the Rio Grande river in the state of Chihuahua.
Once this city was strategically and commercially important.	Once this city was strategically and commercially important.
Today, although it still is important in some aspects, it's the most insecure city in the world.	Today, although it still is important in some aspects, it's the most insecure city in the world.
Formerly known as El Paso del Norte, Ciudad Juárez acquired its actual name because Benito Juárez (Mexican president in 1858-1864) was stayed in the city during the Second French Intervention.	Formerly known as El Paso del Norte, Ciudad Juárez acquired its current name because Benito Juárez (Mexican president from 1858 to 1864) was staying in the city during the Second French Intervention.
Spaniards founded the city with the name of Misión de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe de Mansos del Paso del Río del Norte, currently part of El Paso, Texas and Ciudad Juárez.	Spaniards founded the city with the name of Misión de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe de Mansos del Paso del Río del Norte, currently part of El Paso, Texas and Ciudad Juárez.
When the Americans invaded Mexico in 1846, they forced Mexicans to give them lands in north of Rio Grande: Alta California (Upper California), Nuevo México (New Mexico), Texas and Arizona.	When the Americans invaded Mexico in 1846, they forced the Mexicans to give them the lands north of the Rio Grande: Alta California (Upper California), Nuevo México (New Mexico), Texas and Arizona.
Then, El Paso del Norte was splitted in two parts, becoming a border town.	Then, El Paso del Norte was split into two parts, becoming a border town.
Thanks to this fact, Ciudad Juárez is an attractive city to illegal bussiness and trade.	Due to this , Ciudad Juárez is an attractive city for illegal business and trade.
That's the reason that Ciudad Juárez is a violence source.	That's the reason that Ciudad Juárez is a violent place.
It's plagued of drug cartels and femicides.	It's plagued with drug cartels and femicides.
I hope that the city become secure and beautiful as before.	I hope that one day the city becomes as secure and beautiful as before.
My story	My story
I'm writing a story, and I want to share it with you (only a bit!)	I'm writing a story, and I want to share it with you (only a bit!)
Anton Family lived in number 13, Iraq Street.	The Anton Family lived at number 13, Iraq Street.
It was formed by the housewife, called Rafaela Mendez de Anton; her husband and sir, called Antonio Anton; and their daughters, Antonieta and Gabriela.	In the family was a housewife, called Rafaela Mendez de Anton; her husband and sir, called Antonio Anton; and their daughters, Antonieta and Gabriela.
They was happy, because Antonieta had finished her primary education.	They were happy, because Antonieta had finished her primary education.
They organized a feast, in which asisted all family, some friends (hers and her parent's, even her sister's).	They organized a feast for the whole family and some friends (hers and her parent's, even her sister's).
It was a great feast, because that day, July 9, was her fifteenth birthday, too	It was a great feast, because that day, July 9, was her fifteenth birthday too.
Maybe, I could write more, if my english is not so bad!	Maybe I could write more if my english was not so bad!
Am learning English!	I am learning English!
Hello all.	Hello all.
This is my first entry in Lang-8	This is my first entry in Lang-8
I am learning english because, I am a web developer and all my clients speak english.	I am learning English because, I am a web developer and all my clients speak English.
I am from Colima, Mexico and my first languaje is spanish, so I hope that I can help to  you to learn spanish.	I am from Colima, Mexico and my first language is Spanish, so I hope that I can help you to learn Spanish.
Have you ever been in Mexico?	Have you ever been to Mexico?
well if you answeer is NO!, I send you a invitation to come to Mexico and you know this beatiful country.	well if your answer is NO!, I send you an invitation to come to Mexico so you can get to know this beatiful country.
HEY THERE!!!	HEY THERE!!!
HI	HI
NOTHING SPECIAL	NOTHING SPECIAL
I JUST WANNA TELL YOU ABOUT MY COUNTRY,	I JUST WANNA TELL YOU ABOUT MY COUNTRY,
AS YOU KNOW CHRISTMAS IS NEAR EVERYWHERE	AS YOU KNOW CHRISTMAS IS NEAR EVERYWHERE
AND MEXICO IS´T THE EXCEPTION	AND MEXICO ISN´T THE EXCEPTION
THERE´S A WEIRD HOT AS HELL WEATHER	THERE´S A WEIRD HOT AS HELL WEATHER
AND MANY XMAS TREES SURROUNDING THE CITY,	AND MANY XMAS TREES ARE SURROUNDING THE CITY,
COLORFUL LIGHTS, BUT THERE´S NO SNOW	COLORFUL LIGHTS, BUT THERE´S NO SNOW
THAT´S NOT COOL	THAT´S NOT COOL
HAHAHA (OBIOUSLY)	HAHAHA (OBVIOUSLY)
ANYWAY	ANYWAY
AT NIGHT I LOVE TO GO PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!	AT NIGHT I LOVE TO GO PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!
YEAH!!!!	YEAH!!!!
DRINK PONCHE AND BREAK THOSE DAMN PIÑATAS HAHA	DRINK PONCHE AND BREAK THOSE DAMN PIÑATAS HAHA
SO I CAN GET ALL THE CANDIES OUT	SO I CAN GET ALL THE CANDIES OUT
IT´S SO MUCH FUN!	IT´S SO MUCH FUN!
BY THE WAY, IF YOU EVER COME TO MEXICO	BY THE WAY, IF YOU EVER COME TO MEXICO
DON´T FORGET TO ORDER YOUR TACOS	DON´T FORGET TO ORDER YOUR TACOS
WITH THE XTREMELY HOT WACAMOLE SAUCE!!!!	WITH THE EXTREMELY HOT WACAMOLE SAUCE!!!!
BEST WISHES	BEST WISHES
Hello	Hello
Hello everyone, mi name is Fidel i'm new here, i hope you help me with  the enclish i'll help you with the spanish.	Hello everyone, my name is Fidel and I'm new here. I hope you can help me with my English and I'll help you with your Spanish.
Thanks	Thanks
My  first post	My  first post
Today, I had a day very complicated, I eat spaguetti.	Today, I had a very complicated day, I ate spaghetti.
Today, I had a day very complicated, I eat spaguetti.	Today I had a very complicated day. I ate spaghetti.
I'm instructor.	I'm a instructor.
I'm instructor.	I'm an instructor.
I like music.	I like music.
I love read.	I love to read.
I want to learn english, but I think that is dificult.	I want to learn English, but I think that it is dificult.
Friday	Friday
well...	well...
how can I begging?	how can I begin?
I would like vacations..	I would like to go on vacation..
I'm so tired!	I'm so tired!
I miss my bed, I want to sleep.	I miss my bed, I want to sleep.
But, I think that my job is really great, It doesn't matter if I sleep a little	But, I think that my job is really great, it doesn't matter if I only get a little sleep.
I want to go to beach and swim, swin, swin.	I want to go to the beach and swim, swim, swim.
it's all.	That's all.
I wrote an end for the short story The Woman in Shades	I wrote an ending for the short story The Woman in Shades
In class, the teacher ask us to write the continue of the short story "The Woman in Shades".	In class, the teacher asked us to write a continuation of the short story "The Woman in Shades".
I put a link where you can read the story.	I put a link where you can read the story.
This is my version:	This is my version:
"I´m your tenant!	"I´m your landlord!
Take off that fancy shades and pay me now!" The woman in shades froze in the minute, it was Mr.	Take off those fancy shades and pay me now!" The woman in shades froze on the spot; it was Mr.
Johnson's voice, she still hadn't pay him the rent.	Johnson's voice, she still hadn't payed him the rent.
Johnson's voice, she still hadn't pay him the rent.	Johnson's voice, she still hadn't paid him the rent.
"Oh, excuse me, Mr.	"Oh, excuse me, Mr.
Johnson.	Johnson's pocket
I mistake you with..."	I mistook you for..."
"Who with?	"For whom?
Some of your fans?	One of your fans?
No one cares about an old movie actress now..."	No one cares about an old movie actress now..."
Mr.	"Mr.
Johnson couldn´t finish his words, from the shades came to fall a pair of tears	Johnson couldn´t finish his sentence -- from behind the shades came a pair of tears.
Johnson couldn´t finish his words, from the shades came to fall a pair of tears	Johnson couldn´t finish his sentence-- from behind the shades fell two tears.
The woman took off her glasses and with a revived glamour say to Mr.	The woman took off her glasses and with a revived charm said to Mr.
Johnson:	Johnson:
Mr.	"Mr.
Johnson, I'm very thankful for all your kindness all these years, you are the only man in this city that still remembers me -she put a hand on Mr.	Johnson, I'm very thankful for all your kindness to me all these years, and you are the only man in this city that still remembers me -- she put a hand on Mr.
Johnson's shoulder and got near him-, women like me still need men like you...	"Johnson's shoulder and got near him -- women like me still need men like you..."
Johnson's shoulder and got near him-, women like me still need men like you...	"Johnson's shoulder and moved closer to him-, women like me still need men like you..."
Mr.	"Mr.
Johnson felt that some part of his male pride also became revitalized.	Johnson felt that some part of his male pride also was revitalized.
Johnson felt that some part of his male pride also became revitalized.	Johnson felt that some part of his male pride was also revitalized.
Slowly approach his face to his lesse.	He slowly approached his face to his tenant's.
Slowly approach his face to his lesse.	He slowly moved his face closer to his tenant's.
"...	"...
to repair her bathroom!"	to repair her bathroom!"
Mr.	"Mr.
Johnson became frozen and at the same time turned red.	Johnson became frozen and the same time began to turn red.
He wanted to make an excuse justifying the reason because the fixing didn't go well.	He wanted to make an excuse for why the fixing didn't go well. He searched for an excuse to justify the failure of the previous reparations.
He wanted to make an excuse justifying the reason because the fixing didn't go well.	He wanted to come up with an excuse for why the repairs hadn't gone well. 
The old fashioned, but still alive garbo actress take some money from the pocket of Mr.	The old fashioned, but still lively garbo actress took some money from Mr.
The old fashioned, but still alive garbo actress take some money from the pocket of Mr.	The old-fashioned, but still alive Garbo actress take some money from Mr.
Johnson.	Johnson's pocket
"Thank you for lend me the money for the repair."	"Thank you for lending me the money for the repairs."
"But..."	"But..."
"Don´t worry, Mr.	"Don´t worry, Mr.
Johnson.	Johnson's pocket
I feel that some men still don't forget about me, I could make some money again, no t only to pay my rent, but also to lend some to you too."	I feel that if some men still don't forget about me, I could make some money again, no only to pay my rent, but also to be able to lend you money when you need it ."
Mr.	"Mr.
Johnson felt embarrassed and confused, gave up collecting money that night and went to see the old fancy films that he hates, of course.	Johnson felt embarrassed and confused, and gave up on collecting money that night. As usual, that night he went to see the fancy old films that he claimed to hate.
Pets	Pets
In my opinion a pet is more work.	In my opinion a pet is more work.
For exemple, If you have a dog, you need time for her: bought her mel, play with him, had to walk, etc.	For example, If you have a dog, you need time for it: buy it food, play with it, take it for walks, etc.
Ibelive that a pet is more responsability.	I believe that a pet is more responsibility.
You don't think with your only happines, You also think with your pets happines	You don't think about your own happiness, You must also think about your pets' happiness.
Personally, more people say that a if you have a pet you aren't more ecology, but I think taht is question is only for peobles bought exotic animals.	Personally, more people say that if you have a pet, you aren't being ecological. But I think that question is only for people who bought exotic animals.
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
Hello, I'm Jose, and I want to improve my English...	Hello, I'm Jose, and I want to improve my English...
But that's not all, I want to make friends and speak with everybody.	But that's not all, I want to make friends and speak with everybody.
Always nice to write in this language, 	Always nice to write in this language, 
Jose.	Jose.
San Francisco	San Francisco
Can you imagine a place with particular districts, a lot of museums, big green zones and where the tram is the major tourist attraction?	Can you imagine a place with particular districts, a lot of museums, big green zones and where the tram is the major tourist attraction?
Then you are imagining San Francisco.	Then you are imagining San Francisco.
This is just a little of everything this great city has.	This is just a little of everything this great city has.
Full of fantastic places, tourist attractions, but most important is the mentality of society, a people very open to receive with open hands to any person who wants to visit the city.	It is full of fantastic places and tourist attractions, but the most important thing is the society's mentality. The people are very open to receive with open arms anyone who wants to visit the city.
The last dinner.	The last dinner.
Eating is a necessary thing our lives.	Eating is a necessary part of our lives.
I think that if I knew I die the next day I would ask my mother cooked my favorite meal.	I think that if I knew I was going to die the next day, I would ask my mother to cook my favorite meal.
But, in the case of the people is sentenced to death, Is it necessary the “last dinner?	But, in the case of people who are sentenced to death, is it really necessary to provide them with a “last dinner"?
Should be a normal menu or “the dream menu”?	Should they choose from a normal menu or from a "dream menu”?
The reason people are sentenced to death is a bad action, for example, death a person.	The reason people are sentenced to death is because of a bad action, such as killing somebody.
A lot of people think why he deserves a menu like he wants, when he has murdered a person.	Many people wonder why such a person deserves a menu of whatever he wants, when he has murdered a person.
In the other side, would be the people that think are enough with the sentence death, and, like the last thing, he would choose a good menu before die.	On the other side are the people who think that it is bad enough that they are receiving a death sentence, and, as a last wish, that should be able to choose a good menu before dying.
All us would like choosing our last dinner.	All of us would like to choose our last dinner.
Hooligans. Part 1	Hooligans. Part 1
Hooligan is an anglicism that was used to refer a person who is football team’s fan and he has destructive and aggressive behaviour into the football stadium and its surrounding.	Hooligan is an anglicism that was used to refer a person who is football team’s fan and he has destructive and aggressive behaviour into the football stadium and its surrounding.
When the hooligans go to a football match, most of them drink alcohol and are drugged themselves.	When the hooligans go to a football match, most of them drink alcohol and are drugged themselves.
This is a cause for their aggressive behaviour.	This is a cause for their aggressive behaviour.
There are some movies where you can see the conduct and actions of hooligans.	There are some movies where you can see the conduct and actions of hooligans.
For example “The Football Factory”or “Green Street Hooligans”.	For example “The Football Factory”or “Green Street Hooligans”.
The last case of hooliganism was occurred in Génova, two weeks ago, when a serbian’s hooligan group got to put off a match throwing flares to the field.	The last case of hooliganism was occurred in Génova, two weeks ago, when a serbian’s hooligan group got to put off a match throwing flares to the field.
The match confronts Italia versus Serbia.	The match confronts Italia versus Serbia.
Today, I begin a new job.	Today, I begin a new job.
My job is very simple, i try to write one entrance in this website once a day.	My job is very simple, I try to write one entrance a day on this website
i study english since 10 years and it, is an idiom that i love.	I have been studying English for 10 years and it is a language that I love.
Today, i'm going to write about today.	Today, i'm going to write about today.
Today, has been a normal day.	Today, has been a normal day.
In madrid has been raining all the time and to be at street was imposible.	In Madrid, it has been raining all the time and going outside was impossible.
In madrid has been raining all the time and to be at street was imposible.	In Madrid, it has been raining all day and going outside has been impossible.
For that, y have been home, i have seen a film "Gran Torino" and then, I have call to  telepizza.	For that, I stayed home, I watched a "Gran Torino" movie and then, I ordered pizza.
Tomorrow, I have a very important match, but is my brother's birthday and i cannot go to the match.	Tomorrow, I have a very important match, but it is my brother's birthday and I cannot go.
My house's dream.	My Dream House.
On my mind is always a little space for the house of my dreams.	The house of my dreams is always on my mind.
On my mind is always a little space for the house of my dreams.	There is a small place in my mind for the house of my dreams.
That house is very big, with four flats and an elevator because, with the time, is very tired upstairs every day.	That house is very big, with four flats and an elevator because I would get very tired walking upstairs every day.
That house is very big, with four flats and an elevator because, with the time, is very tired upstairs every day.	That house is very big, with fourstories and an elevator because, with time, going up and down the stairs everyday becomes very tiring.
On th kitchen, there are two refrigerator, and its will be full os food.	In the kitchen, there are two refrigerators, and they will be full of food.
On the top floor, the big room, would be used for partys.	On the top floor, there would be a big room that would be used for parties.
On the top floor, the big room, would be used for partys.	On the top floor, a big room would be used to host parties.
I would invite all fridays all my friends.	I would invite all my friends every friday.
The house would be watched for two dogs, which will be feed for a servant.	The house would be watched by two dogs, which would be fed by a servant.
These are some details of my future home, I hope it meets.	These are some details of my future home.
These are some details of my future home, I hope it meets.	These are some features that I hope my future home will have.
Hooligans. Part 2	Hooligans. Part 2
This behavior of a minimum part of football fans began in 70s, in the stadiums of England.	This behavior of a minimum part of football fans began in 70s, in the stadiums of England.
Since then, they have been object a lot of studies.	Since then, they have been object a lot of studies.
The ideology of hooligans is varied, but all of the hooligans of the same team have the same ideology.	The ideology of hooligans is varied, but all of the hooligans of the same team have the same ideology.
The fights between different hooligans’ team are happened on matches called “derbis”, a match that face to face teams of the same city, like Chelsea-Arsenal or teams with a huge historical rivalry.	The fights between different hooligans’ team are happened on matches called “derbis”, a match that face to face teams of the same city, like Chelsea-Arsenal or teams with a huge historical rivalry.
In some cases, these sorts of conflicts have been finished tragedy, like Heysel Stadium disaster occurred on 29 May 1985 in a Champions League Final that confronts Liverpool versus Juventus.	In some cases, these sorts of conflicts have been finished tragedy, like Heysel Stadium disaster occurred on 29 May 1985 in a Champions League Final that confronts Liverpool versus Juventus.
39 football fans died in the incident.	39 football fans died in the incident.
Hooligans	Hooligans
Hooligan is an anglicism that was used to refer a person who is football team’s fan and he has destructive and aggressive behaviour into the football stadium and its surrounding.	Hooligan is an anglicism that was used to refer a person who is football team’s fan and he has destructive and aggressive behaviour into the football stadium and its surrounding.
When the hooligans go to a football match, most of them drink alcohol and are drugged themselves.	When the hooligans go to a football match, most of them drink alcohol and are drugged themselves.
This is a cause for their aggressive behaviour.	This is a cause for their aggressive behaviour.
There are some movies where you can see the conduct and actions of hooligans.	There are some movies where you can see the conduct and actions of hooligans.
For example “The Football Factory”or “Green Street Hooligans”.	For example “The Football Factory”or “Green Street Hooligans”.
The last case of hooliganism was occurred in Génova, two weeks ago, when a serbian’s hooligan group got to put off a match throwing flares to the field.	The last case of hooliganism was occurred in Génova, two weeks ago, when a serbian’s hooligan group got to put off a match throwing flares to the field.
The match confronts Italia versus Serbia.	The match confronts Italia versus Serbia.
This behavior of a minimum part of football fans began in 70s, in the stadiums of England.	This behavior of a minimum part of football fans began in 70s, in the stadiums of England.
Since then, they have been object a lot of studies.	Since then, they have been object a lot of studies.
The ideology of hooligans is varied, but all of the hooligans of the same team have the same ideology.	The ideology of hooligans is varied, but all of the hooligans of the same team have the same ideology.
The fights between different hooligans’ team are happened on matches called “derbis”, a match that face to face teams of the same city, like Chelsea-Arsenal or teams with a huge historical rivalry.	The fights between different hooligans’ team are happened on matches called “derbis”, a match that face to face teams of the same city, like Chelsea-Arsenal or teams with a huge historical rivalry.
In some cases, these sorts of conflicts have been finished tragedy, like Heysel Stadium disaster occurred on 29 May 1985 in a Champions League Final that confronts Liverpool versus Juventus.	In some cases, these sorts of conflicts have been finished tragedy, like Heysel Stadium disaster occurred on 29 May 1985 in a Champions League Final that confronts Liverpool versus Juventus.
39 football fans died in the incident.	39 football fans died in the incident.
San Francisco	San Francisco
Can you imagine a place with particular districts, a lot of museums, big green zones and where the tramcar is the major tourist attraction?	Can you imagine a place with particular districts, a lot of museums, big green zones and where the tramcar is the major tourist attraction?
Then you can’t be thinking of another place but San Francisco.	Then you can’t be thinking of another place but San Francisco.
This is just a little of everything this great city has.	This is just a little of everything this great city has.
It is full of fantastic places and tourist attractions, but the most important thing is the society’s mentality.	It is full of fantastic places and tourist attractions, but the most important thing is the society’s mentality.
They are open-minded people that would receive everyone who want to visit the city with open arms.	They are open-minded people that would receive everyone who want to visit the city with open arms.
San Francisco is a big city that in it is included a lot of number of islands of the Bahia, attach great importance to Alcatraz.	San Francisco is a big city that in it is included a lot of number of islands of the Bahia, attach great importance to Alcatraz.
Personally, I think that Alcatraz’s island is the most curious place of the city.	Personally, I think that Alcatraz’s island is the most curious place of the city.
In this island you can visit the prison where he was Al Capone.	In this island you can visit the prison where he was Al Capone.
But what I liked most of the island were the amazing views of San Francisco’s coast.	But what I liked most of the island were the amazing views of San Francisco’s coast.
Is one of the cities with more historic content of America, which the tramcar apart from being a tourist attraction, is an icon of the city.	Is one of the cities with more historic content of America, which the tramcar apart from being a tourist attraction, is an icon of the city.
I believe that is the best transport to move around the city.	I believe that is the best transport to move around the city.
Apart of this, the city is great tourist destination for much of things, for example, The Golden Gate, Lombard Street, Fisherman′s Bay…	Apart of this, the city is great tourist destination for much of things, for example, The Golden Gate, Lombard Street, Fisherman′s Bay…
If I were you, I would choose to travel San Francisco May month.	If I were you, I would choose to travel San Francisco May month.
On May, you can see two of the days more important in San Francisco, Carnival, on late May, and Memorial Day, last Monday of May.	On May, you can see two of the days more important in San Francisco, Carnival, on late May, and Memorial Day, last Monday of May.
Carnival is a party day, which you can see floats, costumes and various events, all of them accompanied with good music.	Carnival is a party day, which you can see floats, costumes and various events, all of them accompanied with good music.
Memorial Day is a United States federal holiday it commemorates U.	Memorial Day is a United States federal holiday it commemorates U.
S.	S.
men and women who died while in the military service.	men and women who died while in the military service.
Personally, I find Santa Cruz, one of the best places I have ever seen.	Personally, I find Santa Cruz, one of the best places I have ever seen.
100 kilometers from San Francisco, we can find Santa Cruz, the last hippie bastion in California, where we can enjoy looking at the best surfers in the world.	100 kilometers from San Francisco, we can find Santa Cruz, the last hippie bastion in California, where we can enjoy looking at the best surfers in the world.
Finally, San Francisco is a lively city, with open-minder people, disposed to open arms anyone who wants to visit it.	Finally, San Francisco is a lively city, with open-minder people, disposed to open arms anyone who wants to visit it.
So, whatever you're looking for in a big city, great shops, tourist attractions, friendly people, San Francisco has them all.	So, whatever you're looking for in a big city, great shops, tourist attractions, friendly people, San Francisco has them all.
I would not be the person who I am if I hand't enduced the trials in my life	I would not be the person who I am if I hand't enduced the trials in my life
I would not be the person who I am if I hand't enduced the trials in my life.	I would not be the person who I am if I hand't enduced the trials in my life.
I consider that we have to make many mistakes in order to learn, improve and become better person.	I consider that we have to make many mistakes in order to learn, improve and become better person.
I am not an exceptionally great person and I have been doing horribles things maybe on purpose but after all I can see that I can learn from that situations.	I am not an exceptionally great person and I have been doing horribles things maybe on purpose but after all I can see that I can learn from that situations.
For example in the university, I tried to be one of the best student in my carrer, but one rule that you had to follow was you should have been a little selfish person, so if it was necessary for my classmates to lie me in order to fail in my subjects they did it, as a result I was forced to do the same thing, but later we learn to handle ours problems and if you ask me they become my closer friends now.	For example in the university, I tried to be one of the best student in my carrer, but one rule that you had to follow was you should have been a little selfish person, so if it was necessary for my classmates to lie me in order to fail in my subjects they did it, as a result I was forced to do the same thing, but later we learn to handle ours problems and if you ask me they become my closer friends now.
Another reason that I can support my opinion is that we do not feel sorry for bad things that happened to us because it helps us to improve in our behaviour and minded.	Another reason that I can support my opinion is that we do not feel sorry for bad things that happened to us because it helps us to improve in our behaviour and minded.
For example I just broke up with my boyfriend who We had had a relationship for seven years, now I realize that we wasted time to argue about unimportant things which doesn't matter, so the next time I will be more mature for taking decisions or solving problems.	For example I just broke up with my boyfriend who We had had a relationship for seven years, now I realize that we wasted time to argue about unimportant things which doesn't matter, so the next time I will be more mature for taking decisions or solving problems.
about me	about me
hello, my name is Tomas Alfredo.	hello, my name is Tomas Alfredo.
I am 18 years old.	I am 18 years old.
I am studying the career called applied linguistic.	I am studying the career called applied linguistic.I am studying towards a career in applied linguistics.or: I am studying applied linguistics.
I like to go out with my friends to parties or to the cinema xD.	I like to go out with my friends to parties or to the cinema xD.
and also i like to the gym some times.	and also i like to the gym sometimes.
:D	:D
and I love grammar.	and I love grammar.
:S!!	:S!!
Description	Description
I am an easy going person, like to go out a lot, go dance, partying, and visit different places, like to go hiking up to the mountains, and also like to go sailing in my boat.	I am an easy going person, like to go out a lot, go dance, partying, and visit different places, like to go hiking up to the mountains, and also like to go sailing in my boat.
lik outdoor sports like motocross and extreme sports, like crashing cars in the air, also like to go to the library often, and visit different countries.	lik outdoor sports like motocross and extreme sports,also like to go to the library often, and visit different countries.
Some times I like to do communitie service, like picking up garbage or doing some kind of work for my neighborhood.	Some times I like to do communitie service, like picking up garbage or doing some kind of work for my neighborhood.
Like to read books, and also like computers and studiyng a career.	Like to read books, and also like computers and studiyng a career.
I also like to cook and I am a good cooker, I guess so.	I also like to cook and I am a good cooker, I guess so.
My life in two lines.	My life in two lines.
Hello!	Hello!
Well, in my opinion my life is quiet and a little boring sometimes.	In my opinion, my life is quiet and a little boring sometimes.
I have a lot of friends and I practice some sports like as snowboarding, rafting, mountainbike or bodyboard...	I have a lot of friends and I practice sports such as snowboarding, rafting, mountain biking and bodyboarding...
but sometimes I prefer to be alone in my room, I like so much the peacefull!	but sometimes I prefer to be alone in my room-- I love how peaceful it is!
Well, I'm very happy with my life, I have a good family, friends, job and girlfriend but I think I miss something for complete all my circle of life.	I'm very happy with my life-- I have a good family, friends, a job and a girlfriend-- but I think I am missing something to complete all the circles of life.Traduce
Regards mates!	Regards, mates!
One month in England. History of my holidays.	One month in England. History of my holidays.
Hello.	Hello.
Ever I would learn and improve other languages therefore six months ago I booked an England trip with a english course for improve my english.	Six months ago I booked a trip to England with an English course to improve my English.
In think that If I can speak in other lenguages I can found a good job more easier than if I know speak just Spanish.	I think that If I can speak in other languages I can find a good job more easily than if I only know how to speak Spanish.
So the last July I took a plane to London, my trip had start :)	So the last July I took a plane to London, and started my trip. :)
First day I met new people on the student's residence, a lot of people come from other nations such as Brazil, Corea, Turkey, Germany, France....	First day I met new people in the student's residence, a lot of people came from other nations such as Brazil, Korea, Turkey, Germany, France...
they were nice, funny and kind people.	they were nice, funny and kind people.
My first week was a little hard because my english level was really bad but our group knew it and I hadn't problem with this.	My first week was a little hard because my English was really bad but our group knew it and I had no problem with it.
I lived in England just one month and I think that just one month isn't enough for learn a lot but I'm sure that had been the best experience in my life, met new people, improve my english, discover new citys like as Oxford, Manchester...	I lived in England for just one month and I think that just one month isn't enough for learn a lot but I'm sure that it had been the best experience of my life, I met new people, improved my English, discovered new citys like as Oxford, Manchester...
was a really good experience.	it was a really good experience.
A photo from the landscape next to my house.	A photo from the landscape next to my house.
Hello.	Hello.
Well, I live in Spain, in a small borough of Barcelona.	Well, I live in Spain, in a small borough of Barcelona.
In my town is surrounded of mountains and nature, there are some rivers, personally I practice rafting and sometimes I go with my father for fish, it's reale peaceful.	My town is surrounded by mountains and nature. There are some rivers nearby where I raft and sometimes go fishing with my father. It's really peaceful.
I've a big garden with some trees, animals and a fountain, in my opinion this is a good place for relaxing.	I have a big garden with some trees, animals, and a fountain. It is a nice place to relax.
Imagine, I prefer to study on the garden than on my study room.	I prefer to study in the garden than in my study room.
Well, there are some negative points, for example if you want to buy food or thinks like this you must take the car because the shops are far away to my house.	However, there are also some negative points. For example, if you want to buy food or things like that, you must take a car because the shops are far away from my house.
Perhaps in winter is too cold for some people but I like so much the snow haha.	Perhaps in winter is too cold for some people, but I really like the snow. haha
Well,  I would like to attach a photo from this landscape.	Well,  I would like to attach a photo from this landscape.
Second day in the music festival.	Second day in the music festival.
Hello!	Hello!
Yesterday I promised I'll write about my experience in the music festival near to my town, so I'm here!	Yesterday I promised I'll write about my experience in the music festival near to my town, so I'm here!
Yesterday we arrived to the festival at 22:00 and there were a lot of people!!	Yesterday we arrived to the festival at 22:00 and there were a lot of people!!
The organisation said that about 30.000 people, In my opinion it's really great	The organisation said that about 30.000 people, In my opinion it's really great!
Well, we entered to the festival place, we were able to listen the music, it was really loud, too much for me I think.	Well, we entered to the festival place, we were able to listen the music, it was really loud, too much for me I think.
Pop-rock and Electronic music were the most important kinds of music yesterday.	Pop-rock and Electronic music were the most important kinds of music yesterday.
On the other hand I met a lot of people from England and Swizerland!	On the other hand I met a lot of people from England and Swizerland!
Really good experience.	Really good experience.
Tomorrow I would like talk about my experience today as the festival it's here for 4 days.	Tomorrow I would like talk about my experience today as the festival it's here for 4 days.
Bye!	Bye!
Last day of the music festival.	Last day of the music festival.
Hello!	Hello!
Well, today is the last day of the Festival!	Well, today is the last day of the Festival!
During three days I went to enjoy with the music with my friends, in my opinion was really great but...	During three days I went to enjoy with the music with my friends, in my opinion was really great but...
I'm really tired, usually I'm a quiet person but my friends convinced me for to go to the party so...	I'm really tired, usually I'm a quiet person but my friends convinced me for to go to the party so...
And, tomorrow, monday I'm going to start to study for improve seriouslly my english so from tomorrow you will see a lot of conversations I hope.	And, tomorrow, monday I'm going to start to study for improve seriouslly my english so from tomorrow you will see a lot of conversations I hope.
Bye!	Bye!
My university degree. 	My university degree. 
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
I would like to talk about my university studies.	I would like to talk about my university studies.
In my family, my grandfather, my father and my elder sister have been bankers, I don't know why my grandfather chose studying than work in the field (fruits, vegetables) maybe he was tired and preferred study and improve his knowledge.	In my family, my grandfather, my father and my elder sister have been bankers, I don't know why my grandfather chose studying over working in the field (growing fruit and vegetables) - maybe he was tired and preferred to study and improve his knowledge.
So four years ago I became an economics degree at my university.	So four years ago I became an economics student at my university.
In my opinion sometimes is boring, I would like to explain this.	In my opinion, sometimes it's boring. I would like to explain this.
When, four years ago, I chose my degree I preferred psychology because I love try to help people when they are mood, sad, mad too.	When, four years ago, I chose my degree I wanted to study psychology because I love to try and help people when they are moody, or sad, or mad.
I like so much listen other people.	I like listening to people so much.
But you know, my family recommended me chose an economics degree for in the future to find a job in a bank, such as my grandpa, father and elder sister.	But you know, my family recommended me chose an economics degree so that in the future I can find a job at a bank, like my grandpa, father and elder sister.
Nowadays I'm still studying and I hope to find a good job in my country or a foreign country although for to go abroad I need improve so much my English level.	Nowadays I'm still studying and I hope to find a good job in my country or a foreign country, although to go abroad I would need to improve my English level so much.
Thank you for read it mates!	Thank you for reading this, mates!
Hi mates!	Hi mates!
Hello guys!	Hello guys!
Well, yesterday I had one of the more special days in my life because I knew my new nephew!	Well, yesterday I had one of the more special days in my life because I knew my new nephew!
He's so cute :) His name is Jhon, he is really tall!	He's so cute :) His name is Jhon, he is really tall!
Blonde and his hands are very small haha.	Blonde and his hands are very small haha.
Well my cousin is really happy now because is his first son although I think he is a little nervous because to have a son is the most important step in our lifes but I think my cousin will be a good father.	Well my cousin is really happy now because is his first son although I think he is a little nervous because to have a son is the most important step in our lifes but I think my cousin will be a good father.
We want celebrate the baptism on the beach!	We want celebrate the baptism on the beach!
In my town there is a place really beautifull for this events and I think is the best place for celebrate the born of my new nephew.	In my town there is a place really beautifull for this events and I think is the best place for celebrate the born of my new nephew.
Well, I'm really happy for this!	Well, I'm really happy for this!
Regards mates!	Regards mates!
My planing for tomorrow. Birthday on the beach!	My plans for tomorrow: Birthday on the beach!
Hi mates :)	Hi mates :)
Tomorrow will be the birthday of one of my friends, his name is Carlos and tomorrow he will have 20 years old.	Tomorrow will be the birthday of one of my friends, his name is Carlos and tomorrow he will be 20 years old.
Tomorrow will be the birthday of one of my friends, his name is Carlos and tomorrow he will have 20 years old.	Tomorrow is the birthday of one of my friends. His name is Carlos and tomorrow he is going to turn 20.
All of our group of friends have prepare a surprise party on the beach, with music, we will make a bonfire, cooking some marshmallows and talk about our holidays because some friends came yesterday from a Dublin travel.	All of our group of friends have prepared a surprise party on the beach, with music, we will make a bonfire, cook some marshmallows and talk about our holidays because some of our friends got back yesterday from their trip to Dublin.
All of our group of friends have prepare a surprise party on the beach, with music, we will make a bonfire, cooking some marshmallows and talk about our holidays because some friends came yesterday from a Dublin travel.	Our entire group of friends have prepared a surprise party on the beach with music. We will build a bonfire, roast some marshmallows and talk about our holidays because some friends got back yesterday from a trip to Dublin.
I like so much this kind of parties, on the beach, more quiet than a discotheque or things like something but I want to prepare my university exams!	I love this kind of party, on the beach, it's quieter than a disco or something like that but I want to prepare my university exams! "discotheque" is very old-fashioned, these days we say "disco".
I like so much this kind of parties, on the beach, more quiet than a discotheque or things like something but I want to prepare my university exams!	I love these kinds of parties, on the beach, because it's more quiet than a dance club and places like that, but I want to prepare for my university exams!
I need study more because in two weeks I have the first exam OMG is too near!!	I have to study more because in two weeks I have my first exam. OMG, it's too near!!
I need study more because in two weeks I have the first exam OMG is too near!!	I need to study more because in two weeks I have the first exam-- OMG, it's so soon!!
But is a birthday, I must go haha.	But it's a birthday, so I have to go haha.
But is a birthday, I must go haha.	But it's a birthday, so I have to go, haha.
Cheerio friends!	Cheerio, friends!
My friends.	My friends
Hi everyone.	Hi everyone.
Today I would like to talk about  my friends.	Today I would like to talk about  my friends.
I have two types of friends, post and pre university hehe, I would like to explain this.	I have two types of friends, post and pre college, hehe. I would like to explain this.
When I was a kid I had a lots of friends and we played football and basket everyday but when we became the university some people chose other countries so we lost in touch...	When I was a kid, I had a lot of friends and we played football and basketball everyday, but when we went off to college, some of them chose other countries so we lost touch... "lots of" or "a lot of"
Anyway, when I became my university degree I met new people really interesting and nowadays they are my best friend.	Anyway, when I started my university degree, I met new people who were really interesting and now they are my best friends.
In fact I met my actually close friend at university.	In fact, I met my current best friend at in college.
In whole group there are some guys from different countries; Lebanon, Mexico, Korea, Germany which in my opinion it's awesome because I love to know other cultures and religions.	In my group of friends there are some guys from different countries-- Lebanon, Mexico, Korea, Germany-- which, in my opinion, is awesome because I love to learn about other cultures and religions.
Morover we book some trips every year for practice some sports so I think we are a good group of friends.	In addition, go on trips every year to practice some sports, so I think we are a good group of friends.
See ya mates!	See ya, mates!
The landscape from my window.	The landscape from my window.
Hello!	Hello!
Since I was a child I like the nature; rivers, trees, snow, animals, plants...	Since I was a child I've liked nature; rivers, trees, snow, animals, plants...
and few years ago my parents bought a house next to a mountain's hill.	and a few years ago my parents bought a house next to a mountain's hill.
In my opinion my home is really beautiful!	In my opinion my home is really beautiful!
There are a lot of nice places for to visit and take photos.	There are a lot of nice places to visit and take photos.
You can swim on the river, fishing too!	You can swim in the river, and fish too!
For example, yesterday we dinner a salmon from the next river of my house.	For example, yesterday we caught a salmon for dinner from the river next to my house.
But in my opinion this places are boring sometimes, I would like to live in the middle of a town because I like to see the people, traffic...	But in my opinion this place is boring sometimes, I would like to live in the middle of a town because I like to see the people, traffic...
you know, more activity.	you know, more activity.
Regards mates!	Regards mates!
Winter. My favourite season.	Winter: My favourite season.
Hi friends!	Hi friends!
Many people say me the best season is summer because there are some holidays, you can prepare trips or to go to the beach, yeah I think so.	Many people say that summer is the best season because there are some holidays and you can go on trips or go to the beach.
Many people say me the best season is summer because there are some holidays, you can prepare trips or to go to the beach, yeah I think so.	Many people tell me the best season is summer because there are holidays, and you can prepare trips or go to the beach.
But personally I practice some sports, one of them is snowboarding and I need the cold and snow for snowboarding therefore I like so much winter!	But personally, one of the sports I practice is snowboarding and I need the cold and snow for snowboarding, so I really like winter!
But personally I practice some sports, one of them is snowboarding and I need the cold and snow for snowboarding therefore I like so much winter!	But personally I practice some sports, including snowboarding and I need the cold and snow for it, therefore I like winter a lot!
I like the snow's cold sensation and when you are on the mountain's peak, the landscape, air, nature...	I like the cold sensation of snow and when you are on a mountain's peak, the landscape, air, nature...
I like the snow's cold sensation and when you are on the mountain's peak, the landscape, air, nature...	I like the cold sensation of the snow, and when you are on the mountain's peak, the landscape, the air, nature...
it's really peaceful.	it's really peaceful.
Every year whole friends book some trips for snowboarding and I have funny anecdotes about our trips, for example last year was really cold and all our food that there are on our bags was frozen!	Every year all my friends take some trips to go snowboarding and I have some funny anecdotes about our trips. For example, last year it was really cold and all the food that was in our bags froze!
Every year whole friends book some trips for snowboarding and I have funny anecdotes about our trips, for example last year was really cold and all our food that there are on our bags was frozen!	Every year all of us friends book snowboarding trips and I have funny anecdotes about our trips, for example last year was really cold and all of the food in our bags froze!
Bread, meat, chips, water...	Bread, meat, chips, water...
all frozen, really crazy haha.	all frozen, it was really crazy haha.
So I prefer winter than summer :) 	So I prefer winter over summer :) 
So I prefer winter than summer :)  	So, I prefer winter to summer :) 
Yesterday I sow my first English film (without subtitles)	Yesterday I saw my first English movie (without subtitles)
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
Usually I see TV series and films in English, but I thought I need subtitles (in English too) for understand their plots although sometimes I think I'm only reading, not seeing the film or the TV series therefore yesterday I saw my first English film without subtitles.	I usually watch TV shows and movies in English, but I thought I also needed the English subtitles to be able to understand the plots. Sometimes, though, I think I'm only reading, not actually watching the movie or the TV series, so yesterday I saw my first English movie without subtitles.
I chose one of my favourites films, Antitrust.	I chose one of my favourite films, Antitrust.
I have seen this film three or four times in Spanish and I know very much the plot therefore I thought was a good chance for improve my listening.	I have seen this movie three or four times in Spanish and I know the plot very well, so I thought it would be a good way to improve my listening.
Well, Antitrust is a thriller film and I love it because the principal actors are geeks of computers and supporters of open-source software.	Antitrust is a thriller and I love it because the main characters are computer geeks and supporters of open-source software.
I recommend you that film If you like the thriller films with a quite action, in my opinion that film is great and thanks to this I've been improve my English!	I recommend that movie to you if you like thrillers with a lot of action. In my opinion, that movie is great, and thanks to it, I've been improving my English!
Sometimes I'm feel better alone.	Sometimes I feel better alone.
This entry it's about me, about my attitude/mentality.	This entry is about me and my attitude/mentality.
I consider myself like a friendly and kind guy, I have a lot of friends, and some are really close friends.	I consider myself a friendly and kind guy, I have a lot of friends, and some are really close to me.
Usually we go together to pubs, discos and this kind of places.	Usually we go together to pubs, discos and similar places.
I write this because I'm not lonely person!	I'm writing this because I'm not a lonely person!
But sometimes I prefer to be alone in my house, in my room, listening music, English podcast or just to be lying with my eyes closed.	But sometimes I prefer to be alone in my house, in my room, listening to music, English podcasts or just lying down with my eyes closed.
I don't know why I enjoy of this way, my family and friends don't understand neither and I agree with the people say me that is strange, all people want to be with people for talking, dancing and other things but...	I don't know why I enjoy doing this, my family and friends don't understand neither and I agree with the people who say it is strange. All people want to be with other people for talking, dancing and other things but...
I don't know why I enjoy of this way, my family and friends don't understand neither and I agree with the people say me that is strange, all people want to be with people for talking, dancing and other things but...	I don't know why I enjoy doing this, and my family and friends don't understand either. I agree with the people who tell me that it is strange, since everybody wants to be with other people for talking, dancing and other things but...
I don't know, maybe I'm a quite strange person.	I don't know, maybe I'm quite a strange person.
Now you know more about me :)	Now you know more about me :)
Regards!	Regards!
Music festival in my town!	Music festival in my town!
Hello friends :)	Hello friends :)
Yesterday started in my town an important music festival and stay here during 4 days.	Yesterday started in my town an important music festival and stay here during 4 days.
First day I went with all my group of friends and we hear music until 06:00am!	First day I went with all my group of friends and we hear music until 06:00am!
I think is too late for me because I like so much sleep, a lot of people say me that I'm a lazy person haha, I don't think so.	I think is too late for me because I like so much sleep, a lot of people say me that I'm a lazy person haha, I don't think so.
Well, today we're going to the festival again but first we will go to a Mexican restaurant for dinner, we love burritos, fajitas and this kind of food haha.	Well, today we're going to the festival again but first we will go to a Mexican restaurant for dinner, we love burritos, fajitas and this kind of food haha.
Ok, tomorrow I would like talk about my second day on the music festival so please stay here tomorrow!	Ok, tomorrow I would like talk about my second day on the music festival so please stay here tomorrow!
Bye ;) 	Bye ;) 
I like so much the technology!	I love technology! Or, "I like technology a lot!"
Hello!	Hello!
Well, I want to talk about one of my hobbys, the technology!	I want to talk about one of my hobbies: technology!
I love the electronic devices like as netbooks, laptops, smartphones, tablet pc, digital cameras, network...	I love electronic devices such as netbooks, laptops, smartphones, tablet pcs, digital cameras, network... I don't know what you mean by "network"
this kind of things.	these kinds of things.
Yeah maybe I'm a little nerd haha.	Yeah, maybe I'm a little nerdy, haha. A better word than nerdy would be "geeky"-- this describes someone who is really into technology, maybe even a little obsessed, and doesn't have a strong negative connotation. Many people proudly identify themselves as geeks.
When I was a child I was curious about dissambling some toys or other devices and my parent for example prefer to repair a video/TV/computer than to buy other new or he prefer a technology magazine than other magazines.	When I was a kid, I was fascinated with taking apart toys and other devices, and my dad, for example, preferred to repair a video/TV/computer than to buy a new one and he preferred reading technology magazines to other magazines. I assumed you meant your dad.
But in my opinion this hobby is really expensive!	But in my opinion, this hobby is really expensive!
If you want the lastest smartphone/laptop or things like this...	If you want the latest smartphone/laptop or things like that...
you must have a lot of money haha.	you have to have a lot of money, haha.
My academic formation.	My academic formation.
Hello reader :)	Hello reader :)
Nowadays I'm studying an economics degree at my university.	Nowadays I'm studying an economics degree at my university.
In my opinion, the economic is very interesting and for example, in my family, my grandfather, my father and my sisters had been working in a bank lifetime.	In my opinion, the economic is very interesting and for example, in my family, my grandfather, my father and my sisters had been working in a bank lifetime.
But I know that there are other studies very interestings too, for example I think that if I can speak english or others language is more easier to find a good job.	But I know that there are other studies very interestings too, for example I think that if I can speak english or others language is more easier to find a good job.
About my university.	About my university.
Hi everyone.	Hi everyone.
Two weeks ago I chose my next degree, a finances and investments degree.	Two weeks ago I chose my next degree, a degree in finance and investment .
And you ask yourself, why this degree?	And you ask yourself, why this degree?
I've studied an economics degree and nowadays in Spain is really hard to find a good job in a bank or an important company, so I decided continue my studies with a finances and investments degree.	I've obtained an economics degree, and nowadays in Spain it's really hard to find a good job in a bank or an important company, so I decided to continue my studies with a finance and investment degree.
My purpose is to find a job in other country, United Kingdom, USA...	My purpose is to find a job in another country, like the United Kingdom or the USA...
I don't know yet.	I don't know yet.
So, every morning I'll go to the university and every afternoon I'll go to an English academy because nowadays speak other languages is really important.	So, from now on every morning I'll go to university and every afternoon I'll go to an English academy, because nowadays speaking other languages is really important.
And that is my planing for this year.	And that is my plan for this year.
See you mates!	See you mates!
The girl from Taiwan	The girl from Taiwan
Some time ago I met a very nice girl.	Some time ago I met a very nice girl.
We became friends quickly.	We became friends quickly.
We talked of many things.	We talked of many things.
One day we were talking about history, about the ancient cultures of our country.	One day we were talking about history, about the ancient cultures of our country.
She told me she liked it and that she had read about these when she lived in her country.	She told me she liked it and that she had read about these when she lived in her country.
Your country?	Your country?
I said.	I said.
Are you from another country?	Are you from another country?
I asked her.	I asked her.
Yes, I'm from Taiwan, she said.	Yes, I'm from Taiwan, she said.
I was surprised, I never imagined that she was from another country.	I was surprised, I had never imagined that she was from another country.
We had met a few months ago and she never mentioned it.	We had met a few months ago and she had never mentioned it.
At first I did not believe her, because she spoke my language perfectly, even with the local accent where i live.	At first I did not believe her, because she spoke my language perfectly, even with the local accent where i live.
Then she told me she came when she was ten, but I still did not believe her until she started to speak in chinese as proof that she was a foreigner.	Then she told me she moved here when she was ten, but I still did not believe her until she started to speak in Chinese as proof that she was a foreigner.
After a while we stopped seeing each other but I still remember her.	After a while we stopped seeing each other but I still remember her.
Today I was thinking about her, I hope to see her again someday.	Today I was thinking about her; I hope to see her again someday.
Strange dream	Strange dream
I had a strange dream last night.	I had a strange dream last night.
I was in a square surrounded by old buildings.	I was in a square surrounded by old buildings.
It was night.	It was nighttime.
There was a lot of people.	There were a lot of people.
We were all sitting in the floor.	We were all sitting on the floor.
We were all sitting in the floor.	We were all sitting on the floor.
Suddenly, an strange object appeared in the sky.	Suddenly, a strange object appeared in the sky.
It was flying over us.	It was flying over us.
Everybody looked up and we saw it getting closer to us.	Everybody looked up and saw it getting closer to us.
I remember it was doing pirouettes in the air when some people raised their arms and greeted it causing it to stop and to emit a funny sound as if it was surprised by the attitude of the people.	I remember it was doing pirouettes in the air when some people raised their arms and greeted it. This caused it to stop and to emit a funny sound as if it was surprised by the people's attitude.
After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images proyected rapidly in the sky.	After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images projected rapidly in the sky.
After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images proyected rapidly in the sky.	After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images projected rapidly in the sky.
It seems the history of someone or some place, i thought.	It seemed to be the history of someone or some place, I thought.
It seems the history of someone or some place, i thought.	It seems to be the history of someone or some place, I thought to myself.
Those pictures showed places and things, or beings (?), that i had never seen before.	Those pictures showed places and things, or beings (?), that I had never seen before.
Those pictures showed places and things, or beings (?), that i had never seen before.	The pictures showed places and things, or beings (?), that I had never seen before.
I was trying to understand what i was watching when a group of people dressed in brown robes entered into the square in an orderly line from a door located on the right side of the square to the center of it.	I was trying to understand what I was watching when a group of people dressed in brown robes came into the center of the square in an orderly line from a door to the right .
I was trying to understand what i was watching when a group of people dressed in brown robes entered into the square in an orderly line from a door located on the right side of the square to the center of it.	I was trying to understand what I was watching when a group of people dressed in brown robes entered into the square in an orderly line from a door located on the right side of the square towards the center.
When they appeared everybody started clapping and cheering like maniacs.	When they appeared, everybody started clapping and cheering like maniacs.
Apparently, everyone was happy with the arrival of these beings, but i did not understand why.	Apparently, everyone was happy with the arrival of these beings, but I did not understand why.
Apparently, everyone was happy with the arrival of these beings, but i did not understand why.	Apparently, everyone was happy that these beings had arrived, but I did not understand why.
Who are they?, i said.	"Who are they?" I asked.
Who are they?, i said.	"Who are they?" I said.
They looked like the people on one of the last images projected in the sky.	They looked like the people who had been shown in one of the last images projected in the sky.
I stood up to see them better, and when i tried to approach to one of them through the crowd i woke up.	I stood up to see them better, and when I tried to approach one of them through the crowd I woke up.
I stood up to see them better, and when i tried to approach to one of them through the crowd i woke up.	I stood up to see them better, and when I tried to approach to one of them through the crowd I woke up.
Absurd and frustrating dream.	What an absurd and frustrating dream.
Absurd and frustrating dream.	What an absurd and frustrating dream.
Thank you for reading.	Thank you for reading.
Tragedy on Football	Tragedy on Football
Last saturday a 23 years old man died towards the end of the football game between the two most popular teams of my country that are considered the top rivalry in the national league.	Last saturday a 23 years old man died towards the end of the football game between the two most popular teams of my country that are considered the top rivalry in the national league.
Some fans of the team who won the game went into the VIP balconies causing trouble and attacked fans of the opposing team.	Some fans of the team who won the game went into the VIP balconies causing trouble and attacked fans of the opposing team.
The attackers, who were armed with broken bottles and belts, threw a young man over the balcony down to the bleachers below where he died.	The attackers, who were armed with broken bottles and belts, threw a young man over the balcony down to the bleachers below where he died.
A day of shame and pain.	A day of shame and pain.
I love football, but if football kills, i prefer that football dies.	I love football, but if football kills, i prefer that football dies.
Hello!	Hello!
Hi, my name is Damian.	Hi, my name is Damian.
I'm from Perú, a country in South America.	I'm from Perú, a country in South America.
I studied english at high school, but the teaching was not so good, so i learned only basic things.	I studied english at high school, but the teaching was not very good, so i learned only basic things.*"very" sounds more natural*
Now, i'm learning english by myself because i want to speak it fluently someday	Now, i'm learning english by myself because i want to speak it fluently someday.
English has become the language of global communication, so is very important to speak it.	English has become the language of global communication, so is very important to speak it.
My native language is not useful, so i hope to learn more and more english each time because it is esencial for everything.	My native language is not useful, so i hope to learn more and more english each time because it is essential for everything.
Thank you for reading and please correct what i write!	Thank you for reading and please correct what i write!
My blog and my items	My blog and my websites
Hi!	Hi!
I'm writing for a web.	I'm writing for a website or blog.
I write one item about I prefer the track.	I am writing an entry about how I prefer the track.
I like write.	I like to write.
Especially becouse more people can read my items.	I like to write, especially because more people can read my articles online.
Ilucion me them I see plus visits.	Ilucion me them I see plus visits.
I hope improve my English for I can write in this language.	I hope to improve my English so I can write in this language.
Also, I have two blogs.	Also, I have two blogs.
the first blog is shows my graphic projects.	The first blog shows my graphic design projects.
And in the second blog I expose my ideas about films, series,...	And in the second blog I discuss my ideas about films, television series, et cetera...
I love creating	I love creating.
I can not find inspiration	I can not find inspiration
There are days that I can not find inspiration.	There are days that I cannot find inspiration.
I tried to create a news thinks but today, my brain (no funciona).	I tried to create a news thinks but today, my brain isn't working.
Today I will have a text but I don't know when I will do.	Today I will have a text but I don't know when I will do.
Maybe I'm gone for a walk for a time.	Maybe I'm going to take a long walk.
I will thik during the ride.	I will think during the walk.
Can come back with some good idea.	Maybe I can come back with some good idea.
See you.	See you.
I look for a new job	I am looking for a new job
Hello people.	Hello people.
My life is changing.	My life is changing.
Now I look for a new job in a new city.	Now I am looking for a new job in a new city.
I will need to work at home.	I will need to work at home.
Because I don't know for how long is that new city.	Because I don't know how long I will be in that new city.
If I can to find a job that ,I can moved always.	If I can find a job, I can always move.
My prefer color	My prefer color
Hello people,	Hello people,
Today I didn't know to tell us.	Today I didn't know how to say it this:
My prefer color is red.	My favourite color is red.
Because is funny and diferent.	Because it is funny and different.
The red can to pretend dangeruis and it's sexy.	Red can pretend to be dangerous and it's sexy.
The color red is chosen for people with self-confidence.	The color red is chosen by people with self confidence.
My profession is Graphic Desiner	My profession is Graphic Desiner
My profession is Graphic Desiner.	My profession is Graphic Desiner.
I had work for three yeas in a Advertising agency.	I worked for three years in an Advertising agency.
My job was in design advertisements, logos, stationery,and other things.	My job was designing advertisements, logos, stationery and other things.
I like my profession.	I like my profession.
Actually I look for a new job, but I do someone project for diferent companies.	Actually I'm looking for a new job, but I do some projects for other companies.
I like have more project.	I would like to have more projects.
An e-mail to Tom	An e-mail to Tom
Dear Tom,	Dear Tom,
How are you?	How are you?
Someone who knows you gave me your e-mail several months ago, and I’ve been thinking since then if writting you  should be convenient.	Someone who knows you gave me your e-mail several months ago, and I’ve been wondering since then if writing you would be a good idea.
In the end I’ve decided to do it.	In the end I’ve decided to do it.
I’ve always remembered the time we spent together.	I’ve always remembered the time we spent together.
Through the years I realized  that it was a very happy time.	Through the years I realized  that it was a very happy time.
I’ve had a calm life.	I’ve had a calm life.
I lived in Pomona till I began to study in the University  (finally I decided to study Medicine).	I lived in Pomona until I began to study at the University (I finally decided to study Medicine).
Then I moved to Washingon and I knew a boy who studied with me.	Then I moved to Washington and I met a boy who studied with me.
When we had the degree  I got married to him, and  we started to work in the same hospital.	After graduation, we got married and started working in the same hospital.
We lived in a loft  in the city centre, and we bought a small house in the country where we spent the weekends.	We lived in a loft  in the city centre, and we bought a small house in the country where we spent the weekends.
We travelled a lot to exotic countries and we were happy.	We traveled a lot to exotic countries and we were happy.
Six year after we get married, my eldest son was born, and two years later the youngest was.	Six years after we got married, my eldest son was born, followed two years later by our younger son.
During my chidren’s childhood I stopped working in the hospital and I became a homemaker.	During my chidren’s childhood I stopped working in the hospital and I became a homemaker.
It was a happy time.	It was a happy time.
Now my children have grown, and my husband had a heart attack last year and died last year.	Now my children have grown, and my husband died of a heart attack last year.
I decided to go to Congo and I’m working there as a volunteer, and I’m enjoying it very much.	I decided to go to Congo and I’m working there as a volunteer. I’m enjoying it very much.
I’ve always followed your music  and I was moved when I listen the song Martha.	I’ve always followed your music, and I am moved when I listen to the song Martha.
I think it is  wonderful.	I think it is  wonderful.
And very often I’ve though how my life had been if I had gone to LA with you… and your guitar!	Very often, I’ve thought of how my life would have been if I had gone to L.A. with you… and your guitar!
I would like to keep in touch with you, and I hope you too.	I would like to keep in touch with you, and I hope you would also like to keep in touch with me.
Tell me something about your life.	Tell me something about your life.
Yours	Yours
Martha	Martha
(From the song Tom and Martha, Tom Waits	(From the song Tom and Martha, Tom Waits)
introducing myself	introducing myself
Hi this is my first time in this web page.	Hi, this is my first time on this website.
Im learning this lenguage and i would like lo learn with all of you i will really appreciate every correction that you make me.	I'm learning English and would appreciate your help by correction my online journal entries. 
One of the purpose of being here is that i want to improve my grammar skills and also enhance my vocabulary.	A couple reasons I'm here is because I want to improve my grammar and enhance my vocabulary. 
Greattings !	Greetings!
What a wonderful... web	What a wonderful... website
Wow, I have prove this website and I think is amazing.	Wow, it is proven that this website works and I think it is amazing.
In the first 5 minutes some polite people helped me with my japanese and now I hope the same with this text in english.	In the first 5 minutes some polite people helped me with my Japanese, and now I hope they do the same thing with this text in English.
It's funny because some times I don't understand kanjis and phrases but en english is easy translate and and learn by heart the expressions.	It's funny because some times I don't understand Kanjis and Japanese phrases but English is easy to translate and learn the expressions by heart.
Ok, next week is my exam and I'd like some of you could help me ;)	Ok, next week is my exam and I'd like some of you to help me ;)
Hello	Hello
My name is Darìo.	My name is Darìo.
I am studying english language for my job and of course it like me.	I am studying English for my job, and, of course, I like it.
My native language is spanish, I can help you if you are studyng spanish and you can help me with my english, I need a native english speaker.	My native language is Spanish. I can help you if you are studying Spanish, and you can help me with my English. I need a native English speaker.
Thanks.	Thanks.
Bye	Bye
Hello	Hello
Hi everybody my name is John i`m from Colombia and i want to learn a lot englis for travel around the world specially in places where  need speak english with differente people, i love english music, i`m student of modern languages, so i need that somebody corect my writing.	Hi everybody my name is John i`m from Colombia and i want to learn a lot englis for travel around the world specially in places where  need speak english with differente people, i love english music, i`m student of modern languages, so i need that somebody corect my writing.
bye.	bye.
Harmony	Harmony
The sounds are produced because the matter's vibrations and these can go through gas, liquid or solid state.	The sounds are produced because of the vibrations as it passes through matter. Sounds can travel through gas, liquid or solid states.
When there is a vacuum, it's imposible to reproduce sounds.	When there is a vacuum, it's impossible to reproduce sounds.
This is called silence.	This is called silence.
Sounds can superpose and can increase its volume when many of them are played by a similar source.	Sounds can superpose and can increase in volume when many of them are played by a similar source.
For example, seven pianos playing the RE tone at the same time will get a higher volumen than only two playing the same tone.	For example, seven pianos playing the RE tone at the same time will get a higher volume than only two playing the same tone.
The sounds are classified according a natural scale and is constant for upper or lower position:	The sounds are classified according to a natural scale and are constant for upper or lower positions:
Do - Re - Mi - Fa - So - La - Ti - Do - Re - Mi - Fa - So - La - Ti - Do	Do - Re - Mi - Fa - So - La - Ti - Do - Re - Mi - Fa - So - La - Ti - Do
*Note:  This scale can go more up or more low, depending uppon the musical instrument or the sound'source.	*Note: This scale can go further up or further down, depending upon the musical instrument or the sound source.
Let´s take point in the central "DO".	Let´s take, for example, the central "DO".
We can see there also other two "Do's", What about them?	We can see there also other two "Do's", What about them?
Between tones there are "intervals" that determines tonal distances.	Between tones there are "intervals" that determines tonal distances.
This is because the number of vibrations in a second, also named Frequency.	This is because of the number of vibrations in a second, also named Frequency.
The universal LA is stablished as 440 Hz.	The universal LA is established as 440 Hz.
This is, 440 vibrations in 2.27 miliseconds.	This is 440 vibrations in 2.27 miliseconds.
When going up or down we reach the same tone of departure, we've obtained an Octave.	When going up or down we reach the same tone of departure: we've obtained an Octave.
For example, going from Do to Do, or Mi to Mi.	For example, going from Do to Do, or Mi to Mi.
Its symbol is "8va".	Its symbol is "8va".
This is one of many notable intervals.	This is one of many notable intervals.
There also others as the follows:	There are also others as follows:
1.	1.
In the natural scale, if we take from one tone to the third, this is called simply "third" or 3rd:	In the natural scale, if we go from one tone to the third, this is called simply "third" or 3rd: Not sure what you mean here by 'take'?
(1st) Do - (2nd) Re - (3rd) Mi	(1st) Do - (2nd) Re - (3rd) Mi
Do - Do# - Re - Re# - Mi  = 4 half tones = 2 tones	Do - Do# - Re - Re# - Mi  = 4 half tones = 2 tones
Now, in chromatic scale we can analize there are two tones from Do to Mi.	Now, in chromatic scale, we can analyze that there are two tones from Do to Mi.
This is a MAJOR 3RD.	This is a MAJOR 3RD.
2.	2.
Once again, in the natural scale let's take from Mi to So.	Once again, in the natural scale, let's go from Mi to So. If that's what you meant?
We're going to see what happens now.	We're going to see what happens now.
(1st) Mi - (2nd) Fa - (3rd) So	(1st) Mi - (2nd) Fa - (3rd) So
But wait, according to the chromatic scale there half tone from Mi to Fa, altering the interval.	But wait; according to the chromatic scale there is a half tone from Mi to Fa, altering the interval.
Mi - Fa - Fa# - So   = 3 half tones = 1 and half tones	Mi - Fa - Fa# - So   = 3 half tones = 1 and half tones
So, Is it still a 3rd interval?	So, is it still a 3rd interval?
The answer is YES.	The answer is YES.
But, instead of be a major 3rd, this is called MINOR 3RD.	But, instead of being a major 3rd, this is called MINOR 3RD.
3.	3.
Let's going to joint these intervals in different ways to experiment a little.	Let's join these intervals in different ways to experiment a little.
a) By playing Major 3rd + Minor 3rd.	a) By playing Major 3rd + Minor 3rd.
From the example, taking DO - MI and MI - So, this is equal to DO - MI - SO.	From the example, taking DO - MI and MI - So, this is equal to DO - MI - SO.
b) By playing Minor 3rd + Major 3rd.	b) By playing Minor 3rd + Major 3rd.
Taking MI - SO and SO - SI, this is equal to MI - SO - SI.	Taking MI - SO and SO - SI, this is equal to MI - SO - SI.
Now, put these tones in your piano.	Now, play these tones on your piano.
Is it sound good, right?	It sounds good, right?
When you pick a major 3rd and then a minor 3rd we obtain a Major CHORD.	When you pick a major 3rd and then a minor 3rd we obtain a Major CHORD.
This is called Do major cause it begins in Do as a base tone.	This is called Do major because it begins in Do as a base tone.
What is a chord?	What is a chord?
It´s a arrange of tones.	It´s an arrangement of tones.
For example, So - Si - Re build So major.	For example, So - Si - Re builds So major.
You musn´t get worried for obtain the others, there exist a sheet explain all the major and minor chords.	You musn´t get worried about obtaining the others, there exists a sheet explaining all the major and minor chords.
;)	;)
There also a nomenclature for those chords.	There also a nomenclature for those chords.
This based on the alphabet letters and begins with La major.	This is based on the letters of the alphabet and begins with La major.
A = La major                    Am = La minor	A = La major                    Am = La minor
B = Si major                    Bm = Si minor	B = Si major                    Bm = Si minor
C = Do major                    Cm = Do minor	C = Do major                    Cm = Do minor
D = Re major                    Dm = Re minor	D = Re major                    Dm = Re minor
E = Mi major                    Em = Mi minor	E = Mi major                    Em = Mi minor
F = Fa major                    Fm = Fa minor	F = Fa major                    Fm = Fa minor
G = So major                    Gm = So minor	G = So major                    Gm = So minor
Those can be played all along the piano and you'll be noticed they'll sound somelike similar.	Those can be played all along the piano and you'll notice that they'll sound somewhat similar.
This is because the 8va's properties.	This is because of the 8va's properties.
Activities:	Activities:
I.	I.
Play all the chords with both hands in the piano (also you can practice with your musical keyboard or with your computer keyboard).	Play all the chords with both hands on the piano (you can also practice with your musical keyboard or with your computer keyboard).
Try to alternate your fingers and find a comfortable position for your hands, them must to be relaxed while you're playing.	Try to alternate your finger position and find a comfortable position for your hands, they must be relaxed while you're playing.
About music...	About music...
Hi!, My name is Antonio.	Hi!, My name is Antonio.
I'm going to explain along this journal, the basics topics for understand the music and how to performance good songs.	I'm going to explain along this journal, the basics topics for understand the music and how to performance good songs.
First, the music is a couple of sounds and silence.	First, the music is a couple of sounds and silence.
The sounds are produced 'cause vibrations in matter, then its movement creates acoustic waves.	The sounds are produced 'cause vibrations in matter, then its movement creates acoustic waves.
These can be transmitted by gas, liquid or solid state of matter and can be heard by human.	These can be transmitted by gas, liquid or solid state of matter and can be heard by human.
Silence is the absense of sound.	Silence is the absense of sound.
The sounds' characteristics are chime, volume and tone.	The sounds' characteristics are chime, volume and tone.
Chime is a recognizable, because it makes you can differ one musical instrument from other.	Chime is a recognizable, because it makes you can differ one musical instrument from other.
For example: The guitar' sound and the piano' sound.	For example: The guitar' sound and the piano' sound.
No one instrument is better than other, all they are different.	No one instrument is better than other, all they are different.
Even in people you know, you can recognize your mom´s voice from your dad's voice because this feature.	Even in people you know, you can recognize your mom´s voice from your dad's voice because this feature.
Volume is the acoustic wave's intensity.	Volume is the acoustic wave's intensity.
The more near you're from the sound' source, the most strong you'll hear it.	The more near you're from the sound' source, the most strong you'll hear it.
Finally, Tone is the feature that do possible the making of many songs.	Finally, Tone is the feature that do possible the making of many songs.
Exist 7 tones in the Natural Scale: Do, Re, Mi, Fa, So, La and Ti.	Exist 7 tones in the Natural Scale: Do, Re, Mi, Fa, So, La and Ti.
Also, there is the Chromatic Scale where between two tones, we can find a middle one.	Also, there is the Chromatic Scale where between two tones, we can find a middle one.
For example: Between Do and Re, there is a middle tone.	For example: Between Do and Re, there is a middle tone.
This can be named Do#.	This can be named Do#.
Between Mi and Fa, and Ti and Do there are not middle tones.	Between Mi and Fa, and Ti and Do there are not middle tones.
The complete Chromatic Scale is this:	The complete Chromatic Scale is this:
Do - Do# - Re - Re# - Mi - Fa - Fa# - So - So# - La - La# - Ti	Do - Do# - Re - Re# - Mi - Fa - Fa# - So - So# - La - La# - Ti
In this Scale, every tone is considered as half - tones.	In this Scale, every tone is considered as half - tones.
FIRST CHAPTER'S QUESTIONS:	FIRST CHAPTER'S QUESTIONS:
What's the best musical instrument in the world?	What's the best musical instrument in the world?
Do you think the noise has chime, volume and tone?	Do you think the noise has chime, volume and tone?
How many tones has the Natural Scale?	How many tones has the Natural Scale?
How many half - tones has the Chromatic Scale?	How many half - tones has the Chromatic Scale?
What's your favorite musical instrument?	What's your favorite musical instrument?
Do you know the music can transmitte feelings, ideas and thoughts?	Do you know the music can transmitte feelings, ideas and thoughts?
PRACTICE THIS!	PRACTICE THIS!
In a musical keyboard, touch the white keys.	In a musical keyboard, touch the white keys.
This notes are the Natural Scale.	This notes are the Natural Scale.
After doing this, touch a white key and then then touch the next black key.	After doing this, touch a white key and then then touch the next black key.
When you include in your song the white and the black ones, you're playing in the Chromatic Scale.	When you include in your song the white and the black ones, you're playing in the Chromatic Scale.
How to begin a real Rock band. (Part 1)	How to begin a real rock band. (Part 1)
We can expresss feelings and emotion in many ways, one of them: Music.	We can express feelings and emotions in many ways. One of them is music.
Music is culture.	Music is culture.
When we usually play in single, it's for improve the performance.	Usually when we play on our own, it's to improve performance.
The next step it's to play alongside with others friends and make ...	The next step is to play alongside with others friends and make music.
music.	music.
First at all, if you want to make a rock band, you must to like this style of music.	First of all, if you want to start a rock band, you must like this style of music.
Greatest Rock musicians like The Beatles, AC/DC, The Who and so, are classic rock musical fundaments.	The greatest rock musicians like The Beatles, AC/DC, The Who and so on, are classic rock music fundamentals.
The most basic rock band has three musicians: Guitarrist, Bassist and Drummer.	The most basic rock band has three musicians: a guitarist, a bassist and a drummer.
So, you'll need musical instruments for begin.	So, you'll need musical instruments to begin.
There a lot of instruments (a huge Universe) and my recommendation is to try them in the music store until you find one you like because the sound and also the instrument itself.	There are a lot of instruments (a huge universe), and my recommendation is to try them in the music store until you find one you like because the sound and also the instrument itself.
Adjust your instrument to obtain the best performance of them (there are many tutorials in the web).	Adjust your instrument to obtain the best performance of it (there are many tutorials on the web).
Remember: To obtain the best possible sound it's your goal.	Remember: To obtain the best possible sound is your goal.
Electric Guitar and Electric Bass will need sound amplification (combo amp or stack with head).	Electric guitar and electric bass will need sound amplification (combo amp or a stack with head).
Also, try to find stompboxes pedals or a multieffects pedalboard.	Also, try to find stompboxes pedals or a multieffects pedalboard.
If you want to sound like modern rock band as: Kings of Leon, The Killers, Wolfmother, Strokes and so, you will need a synthetizer or a installed program in your computer to reproduce 24-bits sounds in real time.	If you want to sound like a modern rock band, such as Kings of Leon, The Killers, Wolfmother, Strokes and so on, you will need a synthesizer or an installed program in your computer to reproduce 24-bit sounds in real time.
Part 1 Most useful tip: Listen to the music you want to play and feel it like if you were playing those songs with your friends in a big scennary.	Part 1 Most useful tip: Listen to the music you want to play and feel it as if you were playing those songs with your friends in a big scenario.
First try	First try
Hay guys, I'm currently studying in Canada.	Hay guys, I'm currently studying in Canada.
yes I'm college student.	yes I'm college student.
I gotta have to take IELTS to apply for the grad school.	I gotta have to take IELTS to apply for the grad school.
(I know it's ridiculous.	(I know it's ridiculous.
Why do I have to take it again?)	Why do I have to take it again?)
I'm going to upload my essay basd on IETLS like writing.	I'm going to upload my essay basd on IETLS like writing.
Unfortunately, I can't put picture or graph, so it would be kind of hard to figure out what I'm writing about, but it's not a big deal.	Unfortunately, I can't put picture or graph, so it would be kind of hard to figure out what I'm writing about, but it's not a big deal.
I just want you to point out gramatical mistakes and suggestion about sentence, phrase,logic and what so ever.	I just want you to point out gramatical mistakes and suggestion about sentence, phrase,logic and what so ever.
Any kind of help is appreciated =D yay thank you !	Any kind of help is appreciated =D yay thank you !
1	1
The graph shows the annual amount of the wheat exports from 1985 to 1990 in two countries and one region.	The graph shows the annual amount of the wheat exports from 1985 to 1990 in two countries and one region.
Wheat export in Australia has been declining for three years straight from 1986 to 1989, though there was a slight rise from 1985 to 1986.	Wheat export in Australia has been declining for three years straight from 1986 to 1989, though there was a slight rise from 1985 to 1986.
It remained mostly in the same from 1989 to 1990.	It remained mostly in the same from 1989 to 1990.
As a whole, wheat export in Australia decreased from 15 million tons to 11 million tons.	As a whole, wheat export in Australia decreased from 15 million tons to 11 million tons.
On the other hand, European community experienced constant rise with exception from 1985 to 1986.	On the other hand, European community experienced constant rise with exception from 1985 to 1986.
In this period, the amount dropped approximately 3 tons from 17tons to 14 tons.	In this period, the amount dropped approximately 3 tons from 17tons to 14 tons.
Following two years, there was no remarkable rise.	Following two years, there was no remarkable rise.
But from 1988 to 1990, European community had tremendous rise from 15 tons to 21 tons.	But from 1988 to 1990, European community had tremendous rise from 15 tons to 21 tons.
Finally, Canada experienced unpredictable up and down in this period.	Finally, Canada experienced unpredictable up and down in this period.
First of all, there was a small down from 1985 to 1986.	First of all, there was a small down from 1985 to 1986.
Following two years, Canada encountered very big rise from 17 tons to 25 tons which was followed by the biggest drastic decline of 11 tons.	Following two years, Canada encountered very big rise from 17 tons to 25 tons which was followed by the biggest drastic decline of 11 tons.
However, after this extreme decrease, Canada showed amazing resilience.	However, after this extreme decrease, Canada showed amazing resilience.
The amount of wheat export increased from 14 tons to 19 tons.	The amount of wheat export increased from 14 tons to 19 tons.
Sports	Sports
In this days It's always hard to find time to play sports.	In these days, it's always hard to find time to play sports.
Everybody is busy with work, family or...	Everybody is busy with work, family or...
watching tv.	watching tv.
To play sport alone is not the same, you can do jogging, swimming but is always more boring than play team sports.	Playing sports alone is not the same. You can do jogging or swimming but is always more boring than play team sports.
Lately I have been doing bicycle with friends at sundays.	Lately I have been going biking with friends on Sundays.
It's really nice start early in the morning and lunch in the country.	It's really nice when we start early in the morning and eat lunch in the country.
In my country we have good temperatures all the year practically.	In my country, we have good temperatures all the year practically.
hola mundo como estan todos	hola mundo como estan todos
espero que todo esten muy bien estoy recien comenzando con esto al inscribirme en esta pagina web espero que me ayuden gracias	espero que todo esten muy bien estoy recien comenzando con esto al inscribirme en esta pagina web espero que me ayuden gracias
Improve my english	Improve my english
Good day,  I'm Sheyla Viary, and I from Colombia, I want to learn  to speak and write well english, but I'm insecure.	Good day,  I'm Sheyla Viary, and I from Colombia, I want to learn  to speak and write well english, but I'm insecure.
For now I'm a chemistry teacher and I'm married, my husband is in Barcelona (Spain), in SEptember I'm going to go to Barcelona.	For now I'm a chemistry teacher and I'm married, my husband is in Barcelona (Spain), in SEptember I'm going to go to Barcelona.
THE NIGHT	THE NIGHT
Here now is night, today not be done a good day, but i was whit my girl and whit my parents eating in a good restaurant.	It now is night. Today has not been a good day, but i was with my girl and my parents eating in a good restaurant.
Tomorrow will be other day and i would like that tomorrow will do good day.	Tomorrow will be another day, and I would like that tomorrow will be a good day.
tanks	Thanks.
hello	hello
Hello i am tdesesk ,i am from spain and i am learnig english for speak whit my friends and for understand when i go to others states.	Hello, I am tdesesk. I am from Spain and I am learning English to speak with my friends and to understand people when I go to other countries.
My big problem is that i don't understand when the others persons speak.	My big problem is that I don't understand when other people speak English.
I think that i learn slowly.	I think that I learn slowly.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Short	Short
I'm also learning (trying) Japanese.	I'm also learning (trying) Japanese.
It's a beautiful language, its writing is simply amazing.	It's a beautiful language, its writing is simply amazing.
I already know some colors like blue (aoi), brown (chaiiro), green (midori), orange (orenjiru), black (kuroi) and white (shiroi).	I already know some colors like blue (aoi), brown (chaiiro), green (midori), orange (orenjiru), black (kuroi) and white (shiroi).
It has been fun so far and I'm very excited learning this mysterious and hard language.	It has been fun so far and I'm very excited learning this mysterious and hard language.
Bye (Sayounara).	Bye (Sayounara).
simple thoughts on Sunday	simple thoughts on a Sunday
Today is a sunny day here in Medellin (Colombia).	Today is a sunny day here in Medellin, Colombia.
Generally Sunday is a very peaceful day because most of the people are resting on their homes after seven days of hard and honest work.	Generally Sunday is a very peaceful day, because most of the people are resting in their homes after seven days of hard and honest work.
There aren't a lot of cars on the streets neither.	There aren't a lot of cars on the streets either.
That is cool, I hate traffic sounds.	That is cool, I hate traffic sounds.
I wonder if Sunday comes from the words "sunny" and "day".	I wonder if Sunday comes from the words, "sunny" and "day."
How are the Sundays on other countries?.	How are the Sundays in other countries?
I don't know what to put here	I don't know what to put here
It's 8 o'clock and I have no idea, not even a clue, about what kind of entry this will be.	It's 8 o'clock and I have no idea, not even a clue, about what kind of entry this will be.
Maybe I should talk about my country, mm, maybe later.	Maybe I should talk about my country, hmm... maybe later.
I wonder How many mistakes I've made at this point in this entry?	I wonder how many mistakes I've made at this point ?
mmm that translator below is very cool, very handy.	mmm that translator below is very cool, very handy.
Moving on, 8 minutes have passed (20:08) and I only have 3 lines, I guess I'm not very good making contentless entries (contentless: without content, Am I right?).	Moving on, 8 minutes have passed (20:08) and I only have 3 lines, I guess I'm not very good making contentless entries (contentless: without content, am I right?).
Well...	Well...
my brain is empty right now, good bye and good night.	my brain is empty right now, good bye and good night.
I  see that there are a lot of japanese people here, so  good morning for them.	I see that there are a lot of Japanese people here, so good morning to them.
Bye.	Bye.
I just finished my eight lines entry (I see 8 from here), yay!.	I just finished my eight-line entry (I see 8 from here), yay!.
Short	Short
I'm also learning (trying) Japanese.	I'm also learning (at least trying to learn) Japanese.
It's a beautiful language, its writing is simply amazing.	It's a beautiful language; its writing is simply amazing.
I already know some colors like blue (aoi), brown (chaiiro), green (midori), orange (orenjiru), black (kuroi) and white (shiroi).	I already know some colors like blue (aoi), brown (chaiiro), green (midori), orange (orenjiru), black (kuroi) and white (shiroi).
It has been fun so far and I'm very excited learning this mysterious and hard language.	It has been fun so far and I'm very excited learning this mysterious and hard language.
Bye (Sayounara).	Bye (Sayounara).
Hi all	Hi everyone
Hi I'm Jason and I'm new here for.	Hi, I'm Jason and I'm new here.
I wolud like to  learn  to write good english, make some friends and to know some people.	I would like to learn how to write English good and to make some good friends.
Thanks.	Thanks.
To be an Engineer	To be an Engineer
Being and Engineer involves both theory and practice.	Being and Engineer involves both theory and practice.
You can't be a true Engineer if you do things on  practice and you don't know why you do this or that.	You can't be a true Engineer if you do things in practice but you don't know why you do this or that.
So,  it's important to have a good knowledge on theory to be able to sustain and enhance your practice.	So, it's important to have a good knowledge of theory to be able to sustain and enhance your practice.
In the same way you can't be a true Engineer if you just stay only with the theory and do nothing practical with it.	In the same way you can't be a true Engineer if you just stay only with the theory and do nothing practical with it.
It's important to do something practical  with all that knowledge to help the community and to test that theory in the real world.	It's important to do something practical  with all that knowledge to help the community and to test that theory in the real world.
A true Engineer must balance his efforts both in theory and in practice.	A true Engineer must balance his efforts both in theory and in practice.
He must be able to adsorb and synthetise the theory and to be efficient on the practice sorting all obstacles that are implicit on it.	He must be able to absorb and synthetise the theory and to be efficient in the practice of sorting all obstacles that are implicit in it.
This was , more or less, what my computer science teacher said on last class.	This was , more or less, what my computer science teacher said in my last class.
quick	quick
When life gives you 1000 reasons to cry, give it 1001 reasons to smile.	When life gives you 1000 reasons to cry, give it 1001 reasons to smile.
The music I like	The music I like
Music is a combination of sounds and silence in such a way so that you can express your feelings in every musical note you're creating or listening.	Music is a combination of sounds and silence in such a way so that you can express your feelings in every musical note you're creating or listening.
There are several types of music, music genres to be more accurate.	There are several types of music, or ''music genres'' to be more accurate.
The genres I like most are Rock, Classical, Folk and some Metal.	The genres I like most are Rock, Classical, Folk and some Metal.
Currently I'm listening to a British group called Muse, They're a rock band and sound amazing.	Currently I'm listening to a British group called Muse. They're a rock band that sounds amazing.
On the other hand,it's sad to see artificial groups nowadays.	On the other hand, it's sad nowadays to see artificial groups:
Groups or singers that don't have talent at all and are in the music just for the money.	groups or singers that don't have any talent and are in music just for the money.
I hope that someday we can see the music as what it is and not as a business.	I hope that someday we can see the music for what it is and not as a business.
Bye.	Bye.
How I Met Your Mother	How I Met Your Mother
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
I want to talk you about HIMYM.	I want to talk you about HIMYM.
This TV serie is really great, it's funny and it'll keep you amused with a lot of jokes and appealing plots.	This TV serie is really great, it's funny and it'll keep you amused with a lot of jokes and appealing plots.
If you haven't heard about it, you're missing the great Barney Stinson.	If you haven't heard about it, you're missing the great Barney Stinson.
Barney is always trying to make out with pretty girls, he loves wear a suit,he is unique.	Barney is always trying to make out with pretty girls, he loves wear a suit,he is unique.
I've just watched the second episode of the 6th season and I can say is a one of my favourite episodes.	I've just watched the second episode of the 6th season and I can say is a one of my favourite episodes.
You can't miss it, trust me.	You can't miss it, trust me.
Greets.	Greets.
Basketball	Basketball
Hello everyone!.	Hello everyone!.
This is my first time in Lang8.	This is my first time at Lang-8.
I didn't know what subject to talk about, then I'm going to tell you about my girl's basketball team.	I didn't know what subject to talk about, so I'm going to tell you about my girl's basketball team.
I'm the coach and we are looking forward to start this season.	I'm the coach, and we are looking forward to starting this season.
I've been with them for 4 years, they are 13-14 years old and now we are facing our toughest challence so far.	I've been with them for 4 years. They are 13-14 years old, and now we are facing our toughest challenge so far.
We are entering in the Group A of our region, and that is a big leap.	We are entering Group A in our region, and that is a big leap.
We've  always played in the Group B, which is set up with low skilled teams.	We've always played in Group B, which is made up of less skilled teams.
I hope to achieve great results.	I hope to achieve great results.
Regards.	Regards.
HI, I'm new!	HI, I'm new!
Hello!	Hello!
, how are you guys?	, how are you guys?
Watching Movies	Watching Movies
Today i was watching a movie with some friends,it was really good 	Today I was watching a movie with some friends, and it was really good.
the movie was called "Inception" and it was very interesting,i recomend it	The movie was called "Inception," and it was very interesting. I recommend it.
I love watching movies,my favorites genres are comedy,horror and sci-fi	I love watching movies. My favorite genres are comedy, horror and sci-fi.
More comedy, i can't say i have a favorite movie because i love a lot of movies and i just can't decide but between my favorites movies in the comedy category	More comedy, I can't say that I have a favorite movie because I love a lot of movies and I just can't decide, but between my favorite movies in the comedy category
my favorites are Hot Fuzz,Shaun of the Dead,Super Bad,Kung Pow and Zoolander	my favorites are Hot Fuzz, Shaun of the Dead, Super Bad, Kung Pow and Zoolander.
those movies always makes me laugh	Those movies always make me laugh.
Hello	Hello
Hi,i'm a native spanish speaker	Hi, I'm a native Spanish speaker.
i've been studying english for a long time	I've been studying English for a long time,
but i need to learn more	but I need to learn more.
i'm also learning japanese now	I'm also learning Japanese now.
i wanna learn about others cultures	I wanna learn about other cultures.
feel free to add me 	Feel free to add me.
bye :)	bye :)
My name is carlos! and im looking for help to improve my english :D!	My name is carlos and I'm looking for help to improve my English :D!
hi i would like to introduce myself my full name is carlos betancourt I've been studying english for about a year and a half, i finished the course where i was studying, but everyday im trying to learn more by myself watching tv series, movies talked in english!	Hi I would like to introduce myself. My full name is Carlos Betancourt. I've been studying English for about a year and a half and I finished the course where I was studying, but everyday I'm trying to learn more by myself by watching tv series and movies spoken in English!
I came here to ask you my friends for help someone knows which pages are good to practice?	I came here to ask you, my friends, for help. Does someone know which pages are good to practice?
and i'd like free pages!	and i'd like free pages!
on internet hehe :p anyway if someone wants to help me i will be very grateful	on internet hehe :p anyway if someone wants to help me i will be very grateful !
or maybe you would like to add me on skype!	or maybe you would like to add me on skype!
or facebook and we can practice..!	or facebook and we can practice..!
hehe my skype (melon11cb) my facebook(bebeto_9413@hotmail.	hehe my skype (melon11cb) my facebook(bebeto_9413@hotmail.
com) i'll be waiting for you friends !:D	com) i'll be waiting for you friends !:D
job	job
I'm so tired of my job, is very stressful and i don't like it so much, im working as a administrative logistic in a multinational company, my duties are like enter orders diary costumer service, follow arrange of suppliers and costumers..	I'm so tired of my job, is very stressful and i don't like it so much, im working as a administrative logistic in a multinational company, my duties are like enter orders diary costumer service, follow arrange of suppliers and costumers..
clothes	clothes
i´d really love go shopping i think it´s so fun!	i´d really love go shopping i think it´s so fun!
however chose the best clothes for every situation it´s not always easy.	however chose the best clothes for every situation it´s not always easy.
i´m not the kind of girl who spends hours in front of the cupboard, i usually dress informal.	i´m not the kind of girl who spends hours in front of the cupboard, i usually dress informal.
i like to wear jeans, tops and shirts with prints or lace tops witn normal shoes or boots.	i like to wear jeans, tops and shirts with prints or lace tops witn normal shoes or boots.
Also i usually wear a black trouser which is very graceful and fits with almost everythig.	Also i usually wear a black trouser which is very graceful and fits with almost everythig.
When i go out to a party for example i usually wear dress and in printemps i wear a trench.	When i go out to a party for example i usually wear dress and in printemps i wear a trench.
i rather prefer trench to coat i believe it´s more trendy 	i rather prefer trench to coat i believe it´s more trendy 
today it´s a beautiful sunny day i put my new sunglases and a floral dress	today it´s a beautiful sunny day i put my new sunglases and a floral dress
fashion is in our lives but it musn´t controled it	fashion is in our lives but it musn´t controled it
Hello	Hello
Hello	Hello
my name is Raquel i live in Spain and i would like that people help me with my English level becouse i fail my exam in the school of languages and i have the second chance on september.	My name is Raquel. I live in Spain and I would like people to help me with my English level because I failed my exam in language school and I have a second chance in September.
If i pass i will have b1 level so i´ll do the best.	If I pass I will have b1 level, so I´ll do my best.
in addition i´m studing speech teraphy, i like to be a doctor since i was a child so i hope to become one, one day but now for the moment i study this becouse the marks to enter in medicine was too high.	In addition, I´m studying speech therapy. I've wanted to be a doctor since I was a child so I hope to become one one day, but for the moment I'm studying this because the marks required to enter medicine were too high.
and that´s all for today	and that´s all for today
please correct me 	please correct me 
thans so much 	thanks so much 
I like	I like
I want tell somebody that i have glasses	I want tell somebody that i have glasses
Just Hi!!	Just Hi!!
Hi.	Hi.
My name is Tatiana and gonna tell you my life.	My name is Tatiana and gonna tell you my life.
I born is colombia, I 29 years old, and I have two daughters, I study modern languages and I will specialized in international bussines.	I born is colombia, I 29 years old, and I have two daughters, I study modern languages and I will specialized in international bussines.
How to beat the Germans?	How to beat the Germans?
That's it!	That's it!
Eureka!	Eureka!
I got it.	I've got it.
This scheme cannot go wrong--	This scheme cannot go wrong--
We just have to mimic the Greeks in this allegedly best soccer match of all time,	We just have to mimic the Greeks in this allegedly best soccer match of all time,
Maybe we lack such brilliant minds as this Archimedes fellow on this video, but we are in no shortage of two-cents philosophers in Spain--I'm a good example of it, ha ha--so maybe our chances aren't that thin after all.	Maybe we lack such brilliant minds as this Archimedes fellow on this video, but we are in no shortage of two-bit philosophers in Spain--I'm a good example of one, ha ha--so maybe our chances aren't that thin after all.
Sorry for another silly joking entry.	Sorry for another silly entry.
I'm still parsing your language to go on with you impersonations, my dear friends at lang-8.	I'm still parsing your language to go on with your impersonations, my dear friends at lang-8.
It's taking a little longer than expected, that's all.	It's taking a little longer than expected, that's all.
What with all this footie craze going around in the world--"footie" maybe is British English, Floury.	What with all this footie craze going around in the world--"footie" maybe is British English, Floury.
Mr.	Mr.
Giardino in particular: please give me more entries.	Giardino in particular: please give me more entries.
As soon as I have you parsed, you're gonna be game for my language-parsing game--I hope that didn't suck too much as an attempt of play with words?	As soon as I have you parsed, you're gonna be game for my language-parsing game--I hope that didn't suck too much as an attempt to play with words?
Here's to wish the best to our lads and celebrate Monty Python.	Here's to wishing the best to our lads and celebrate Monty Python.
And if we are beaten by the mighty Germans, please be there to bring consolation to my heart!	And if we are beaten by the mighty Germans, please be there to bring consolation to my heart!
See you all.	See you all.
correct it is, but is it from this world?	correct it is, but is it from this world?
Hi.	Hi.
I've always had this problem with English that's actually common to any language I think.	I've always had this problem with English that's actually common to any language I think.
It has to do with expressions like:	It has to do with expressions like:
"if I were you" instead of "if I was you"	"if I were you" instead of "if I was you"
"what have you got" instead of "what do you have"	"what have you got" instead of "what do you have"
and so on.	and so on.
I think you get the picture.	I think you get the picture.
These two sentences are the first that come to mind, but actually are a good sample of the general question I'm talking about.	These two sentences are the first that come to mind, but actually are a good sample of the general question I'm talking about.
If I come up with more examples I'll be posting them here.	If I come up with more examples I'll be posting them here.
Sometimes I'm not sure whether it's because the expression I'm using is British as opposed to American, or maybe Australian and so on.	Sometimes I'm not sure whether it's because the expression I'm using is British as opposed to American, or maybe Australian and so on.
I remember talking to a French who was learning Spanish years ago and poking fun at her (mind you, very nicely) for using "too correct" Spanish grammar.	I remember talking to a French who was learning Spanish years ago and poking fun at her (mind you, very nicely) for using "too correct" Spanish grammar.
It's kind of funny because she sounded *nothing* like a Spaniard based on her grammar; it was just too perfect!!!	It's kind of funny because she sounded *nothing* like a Spaniard based on her grammar; it was just too perfect!!!
Thanks everyone in advance.	Thanks everyone in advance.
Joigus	Joigus
I want Manolo Lama off my TV!!!	I want Manolo Lama off my TV!!!
About a month ago a couple of Spanish sports journalists made this video:	About a month ago a couple of Spanish sports journalists made this video:
In it they chose a random victim--a homeless person--for their cruelty that, upon further inspection, is not all that random.	In it they chose a random victim--a homeless person--for their cruelty that, upon further inspection, is not all that random.
The occasion was the final game of the Europa League between Atlético de Madrid and Fulham FC.	The occasion was the final game of the Europa League between Atlético de Madrid and Fulham FC.
After a wave of protest in Spain they dashed off a televised apology note of sorts:	After a wave of protest in Spain they dashed off a televised apology note of sorts:
Here's the gist of the apologetic message--in Spanish:	Here's the gist of the apologetic message--in Spanish:
"Yo educo a mis hijos en la solidaridad, pido disculpas a quien se haya sentido mal y les mando un beso."	"Yo educo a mis hijos en la solidaridad, pido disculpas a quien se haya sentido mal y les mando un beso."
"I raise my children with solidarity in mind, I apologize to anyone whom I may have offended and I send them a kiss."	"I raise my children with solidarity in mind, I apologize to anyone whom I may have offended and I send them a kiss."
Manolo Lama	Manolo Lama
(wiping off your dirty kiss, Manolo)	(wiping off your dirty kiss, Manolo)
Can you really act with zero respect for a human being and then expect everybody to forget about it with such a lame excuse?	Can you really act with zero respect for a human being and then expect everybody to forget about it with such a lame excuse?
How could they get away with this?	How could they get away with this?
Because:	Because:
1) The victim does not belong to any recognizable minority that is specifically protected by the media these days--gay, black, woman, children--In other words: the victim is a middle-aged Caucasian male.	1) The victim does not belong to any recognizable minority that is specifically protected by the media these days--gay, black, woman, children--In other words: the victim is a middle-aged Caucasian male.
2) The victim is German--he deserves all the shit you can give him, right?	2) The victim is German--he deserves all the shit you can give him, right?
Conclusion: the victim is the perfect target for just about anything these "socially acceptable" torture dispensers of the 21st Century will fancy to do to him	Conclusion: the victim is the perfect target for just about anything these "socially acceptable" torture dispensers of the 21st Century will fancy to do to him.
There are certain limits, of course.	There are certain limits, of course.
We wouldn't want blood to be spilled, would we?	We wouldn't want blood to be spilled, would we?
It would stain the orderly pavement of our day and age's democratic Europe.	It would stain the orderly pavement of our day and age's democratic Europe.
Because the guy is German and white, he is an easy target.	Because the guy is German and white, he is an easy target.
This man didn't do anything wrong.	This man didn't do anything wrong.
He was just at the wrong place at the wrong time.	He was just at the wrong place at the wrong time.
In my opinion, we all should take issue with this kind of behavior; *especially* if you're black or a woman, or gay, or Hispanic, or for whatever the reason you feel you have or could have been treated unjustly on account of your belonging to any group.	In my opinion, we all should take issue with this kind of behavior; *especially* if you're black, or a woman, or gay, or Hispanic, or for whatever the reason you feel you have or could have been treated unjustly on account of your belonging to any group.
These days it's precisely *some* Caucasian males who apparently, deprived of their play-toy of old times, have chosen a new target for their contempt: less-fortunate fellow Caucasian males.	These days it's precisely *some* Caucasian males who apparently, deprived of their play-toy of old times, have chosen a new target for their contempt: less-fortunate fellow Caucasian males.
When "they" will decide that being black, or a woman, or Hispanic, or anything else is no longer "cool" and that you can be made the victim of their cruelty as well is anybody's guess.	When "they" will decide that being black, or a woman, or Hispanic, or anything else is no longer "cool" and that you can be made the victim of their cruelty as well is anybody's guess.
They publicly apologized.	They publicly apologized.
I don't know who will fall for that.	I don't know who will fall for that.
Not me.	Not me.
In my opinion there are about two square qualities no human being can fake:	In my opinion there are about two square qualities no human being can fake:
a) Intelligence.	a) Intelligence.
An intelligent person can pretend to be a fool, but not the other way around.	An intelligent person can pretend to be a fool, but not the other way around.
b) Indifference to others' suffering.	b) Indifference to others' suffering.
I want Manolo Lama off my TV!!!	I want Manolo Lama off my TV!!!
My diary. Entry two	My diary. Entry two
Hi.	Hi.
I've noticed the verb "transpire" is tricky for a Spaniard.	I've noticed the verb "transpire" is tricky for a Spaniard.
Sounds like a false friend, and I think I'm better off with real friends if you know what I mean.	Sounds like a false friend, and I think I'm better off with real friends if you know what I mean.
;)	;)
First:	First:
"I'll stay here and if anything unexpected should transpire, you do what you gotta do," says Rocco.	"I'll stay here and if anything unexpected should transpire, you do what you gotta do," says Rocco.
Second:	Second:
"The covering must allow the plant to transpire for photosynthesis to be effective," says Sheldon.	"The covering must allow the plant to transpire for photosynthesis to be effective," says Sheldon.
I remain in perspiration waiting for this transpiration to give way to some inspiration.	I remain in perspiration waiting for this transpiration to give way to some inspiration.
:)	:)
If you take my meaning--reloaded	If you take my meaning--reloaded
Language is complicated not because of its structure, which after all is just a code, like C++, Thai or Spanish, but because of the fact that the people using it are not machines, but something infinitely more complex: social biological machines.	Language is complicated not because of its structure, which after all is just a code, like C++, Thai or Spanish, but because of the fact that the people using it are not machines, but something infinitely more complex: social biological machines.
I think it goes more or less like this:	I think it goes more or less like this:
They assume you *mean* something whenever you *say* something and they respond accordingly.	They assume you *mean* something whenever you *say* something and they respond accordingly.
What you say is just a piece of input for the other person to think about and then say something else; *that* is what makes language complicated, the social animal behind the language!	What you say is just a piece of input for the other person to think about and then say something else; *that* is what makes language complicated, the social animal behind the language!
Through these cycles of "listen, think and say," we all miss the "listen" part every now and then; other times we miss the "think" part too, and answer only with messages we capture from the social environment.	Through these cycles of "listen, think and say," we all miss the "listen" part every now and then; other times we miss the "think" part too, and answer only with messages we capture from the social environment.
Judiciously coordinating the thinking and the listening is no small task.	Judiciously coordinating the thinking and the listening is no small task.
Nobody misses the say.	Nobody misses the say.
Oh boy, we all want to have a say, don't we?	Oh boy, we all want to have a say, don't we?
The Greeks used the term "paradoxa" to mean something that is outside the realm of what you can understand with the intellectual tools you have at hand.	The Greeks used the term "paradoxa" to mean something that is outside the realm of what you can understand with the intellectual tools you have at hand.
Whenever language is involved, I'm always reminded of the two-generals paradox: Two generals are camped near a city they are poised to attack the next morning, with their armies and all.	Whenever language is involved, I'm always reminded of the two-generals paradox: Two generals are camped near a city they are poised to attack the next morning, with their armies and all.
In order to synchronize their efforts, one of them sends a messenger so the other general will know the precise time that the attack is meant to be deployed.	In order to synchronize their efforts, one of them sends a messenger so the other general will know the precise time that the attack is meant to be deployed.
But mind you, it is essential that success or failure of this informative mission is confirmed by the message's recipient.	But mind you, it is essential that success or failure of this informative mission is confirmed by the message's recipient.
You see what the problem is: an unending loop of messages and counter-messages is generated, and the whole thing is never ascertained, because: did the other one get my message?	You see what the problem is: an unending loop of messages and counter-messages is generated, and the whole thing is never ascertained, because: did the other one get my message?
Old Europeans	Old Europeans
He he, here's a nice one.	He he, here's a nice one.
A man from England is an Englishman	A man from England is an Englishman
A man from France is a Frenchman	A man from France is a Frenchman
A man from Ireland is an Irishman	A man from Ireland is an Irishman
A man from Scotland is a Scotsman	A man from Scotland is a Scotsman
How come a man from Spain is a Spaniard and a man from Portugal is a Portuguese	How come a man from Spain is a Spaniard and a man from Portugal is a Portuguese?
Shouldn't they be a Spanishman and a Portugueseman?	Shouldn't they be a Spanishman and a Portugueseman?
Something to do with our manhood?	Something to do with our manhood?
:))	:))
Please, don't think I'm a "silly-man."	Please, don't think I'm a "silly-man."
It's kind of a riddle and kind of a question about history.	It's kind of a riddle and kind of a question about history.
I really don't know the answer.	I really don't know the answer.
I'm posting it here in case someone happens to know and/or is interested to look it up.	I'm posting it here in case someone happens to know and/or is interested to look it up.
Cheers!	Cheers!
My diary. Entry--sorry I lost count	My diary. Entry--sorry I lost count
Hi.	Hi.
We lost--by "we" meaning the mighty "Furia Roja."	We lost--by "we" meaning the mighty "Furia Roja."We lost --by "we" I mean the...or "We lost--"we" meaning the...
I'm thinking; who or what is to blame?	I'm thinking; who or what is to blame?
Options:	Options:
The ball.	The ball.
The pitch.	The pitch. What is the pitch? I associate this term with baseball-- OH... just looked it up. Realized that it´s a British term for what we Americans would call the FIELD. Never mind about that!
The referee.	The referee.
The humidity of the South African air.	The humidity of the South African air.
I'll be keeping an eye on the Spanish media these days to see if I can figure that out.	I'll be keeping an eye on the Spanish media these days to see if I can figure it out.
If any of you wants to contribute their best guess, it's also welcome.	If any of you wants to contribute your best guess, it's also welcome. *Or, "If anyone wants to contribute their..."
If any of you wants to contribute their best guess, it's also welcome.	If any of you want to contribute your best guess, it's also welcome.
If any of you wants to contribute their best guess, it's also welcome.	If any of you want to contribute your best guess, you're welcome to.
See you guys!	See you guys!
:)	:)
What's the Deal with the Native Nods?	What's the Deal with the Native Nods?
Hi.	Hi.
I swear to God I didn't make a secret deal with Rsalc1 to native nod each other	I swear to God I didn't make a secret deal with Rsalc1 to native nod each other!
If I desperately wanted native nods I would probably do this:	If I desperately wanted native nods I would probably do this:
1) Create several bogus profiles on Lang-8.	1) Create several bogus profiles on Lang-8.
2) Log on as them.	2) Log on as them.
3) Native nod the hell out of Joigus.	3) Native nod the hell out of Joigus.
Nod him here, nod him there.	Nod him here, nod him there.
4) Enjoy the perks of a highly-nodded profile with my native-nod credit card from a Bermudian native-nod bank account.	4) Enjoy the perks of a highly-nodded profile with my native-nod credit card from a Bermudian native-nod bank account.
That's not what's happening unfortunately!	That's not what's happening, unfortunately!
Ha ha.	Ha ha.
That was the silly part of this entry.	That was the silly part of this entry.
Now for the serious part:	Now for the serious part:
I do think native nods do something for the original poster.	I do think native nods do something for the original poster.
An entry poster can quickly scan how many native nods a particular correction has, so they're able to get a rough estimate of how much or how little recognized the expression is by the rest of the "native" correctors.	An entry poster can quickly scan how many native nods a particular correction has, so they're able to get a rough estimate of how much or how little recognized the expression is by the rest of the "native" correctors.
Why the quote marks around "native"?	Why the quote marks around "native"?
Well, you know, as you all know, I'm an Inuit too.	Well, you know, as you all know, I'm an Inuit too.
;)	;)
Sorry, I couldn't end my entry seriously!	Sorry, I couldn't end my entry seriously!
My correction is--wonderful!?	My correction is--wonderful!?
Hi.	Hi.
I'm just dashing off a few lines with a reflection on what appears to be a brand new feature on lang-8.	I'm just dashing off a few lines with a reflection on what appears to be a brand new feature on lang-8.
Recently my mail box has been jingling with incoming messages patting on my back for what was--so it seems--a wonderful correction!!	Recently my mail box has been jingling with incoming messages patting me on the back for what was--so it seems--a wonderful correction!!
That got me thinking: can a correction be wonderful?	That got me thinking: can a correction be wonderful?
The way I see it the result of a correction can only be as wonderful as the original post was, but that's probably just because the post was already wonderful.	The way I see it the result of a correction can only be as wonderful as the original post was, but that's probably just because the post was already wonderful.
So that would make it simply "efficient."	So that would make it simply "efficient."
Maybe this is just pointless rambling, but I figure a correction can be precise, pointed, erudite, or just plain "good;" but wonderful?	Maybe this is just pointless rambling, but I figure a correction can be precise, pointed, erudite, or just plain "good;" but wonderful?
Isn't that a little bit too much?	Isn't that a little bit too much? Ok, but "Isn't that a bit much?" is much more natural
Just as the merits of a correction are--one would think--low-key, so are its possible flaws: "irrelevant," "dull," "obscure" or "erudite" too!	Just as the merits of a correction are--one would think--low-key, so are its possible flaws: "irrelevant," "dull," "obscure" or "erudite" too!
The worst it can get is probably "petty."	The worst it can get is probably "petty."
But where are my manners?	But where are my manners?
Thank you lang-8 for making me feel a little bit more wonderful today!	Thank you lang-8 for making me feel a little bit more wonderful today!
:)	:)
The Man Who Invented the Electric Fan	The Man Who Invented the Electric Fan
It's searing-hot in Madrid and the other day on Facebook a friend of mine declared herself a devote admirer of "whoever invented the electric fan." Her words were something like, "The hand fan is all very well but I adore whoever invented the electric fan!"	It's searing hot in Madrid and the other day on Facebook a friend of mine declared herself a devoted admirer of "whoever invented the electric fan." Her words were something like, "The hand fan is all very well but I adore whoever invented the electric fan!"
Well.	Well,
As couldn't be otherwise, this prompted the urge for a quick Wikipedia incursion on yours truly and here is the result:	As couldn't be otherwise of course, this prompted the urge for a quick Wikipedia incursion by yours truly and here is the result:
<wikipedia quote>	<wikipedia quote>
Schuyler Skaats Wheeler (May 17, 1860 – April 20, 1923) was an American engineer who invented the two-blade electric fan in 1882 at age 22.	Schuyler Skaats Wheeler (May 17, 1860 – April 20, 1923) was an American engineer who invented the two-blade electric fan in 1882 at age 22.
[1]  He was awarded the John Scott Medal of The Franklin Institute in 1904.	[1]  He was awarded the John Scott Medal of The Franklin Institute in 1904.
Wheeler was born in Massachusetts.	Wheeler was born in Massachusetts.
His two-bladed electric fan was produced by the Crocker and Curtis Electric Motor Company.	His two-bladed electric fan was produced by the Crocker and Curtis Electric Motor Company.
He died of angina pectoris at his home in Manhattan.	He died of angina pectoris at his home in Manhattan.
[2]	[2]
</wikipedia quote>	</wikipedia quote>
I think it's very unfair that this eminent man doesn't have a more complete Wikipedia entry.	I think it's very unfair that this eminent man doesn't have a more complete Wikipedia entry.
Makes you think doesn't it?, that a man's life can be summarized by simply specifying when and where he was born and when and where he died, with the only addition of a cursory medical report.	Makes you think doesn't it?, that a man's life can be summarized simply by specifying when and where he was born and when and where he died, with the addition only of a cursory medical report.
Not fair.	Not fair.
How come he ended up in Manhattan?	How come he ended up in Manhattan?
Did he ever marry?	Did he ever marry?
Did he keep a diary as most of us do on Lang-8?	Did he keep a diary, as most of us do on Lang-8? 
I wonder: was he a Catholic or a Protestant?	I wonder: was he a Catholic or a Protestant?
I bet he was a Protestant.	I bet he was a Protestant.
Did he ever write love letters?	Did he ever write love letters?
Then my imagination goes a step further.	Then my imagination goes a step further.
He died of angina pectoris.	He died of angina pectoris.
Maybe he came from a really exhausting tennis match, all sweaty, and entered his laboratory where his assistants were testing several models evolved from his prime invention: the two-blade fan.	Maybe he came from a really exhausting tennis match, all sweaty, and entered his laboratory where his assistants were testing several models evolved from his prime invention: the two-blade fan.
Those were no other than the three-blade fan and the new and revolutionary four-blade fan, all at full speed in order to conduct a performance test.	Those were none other than the three-blade fan and the new and revolutionary four-blade fan, all at full speed in order to conduct a performance test.
No doubt too much to take for his aging, feeble heart.	No doubt they were too much to take for his aging, feeble heart.
My diary. Entry one	My diary. Entry one
I'm thinking of wearing a hat	I'm thinking of wearing a hat.
How about that?	How about that?
People will listen to anybody, even if they're fat	People will listen to anybody, even if they're fat
If only they're bold--or bald--enough to wear a hat!	If only they're bold--or bald--enough to wear a hat!
Never mind if they're just a brat	Never mind if they're just a brat
We all talk and talk and talk rat-a-tat-tat	We all talk and talk and talk rat-a-tat-tat
A hat's a hat, my friends, and that's that!	A hat's a hat, my friends, and that's that!
Not too much Time for so Many Persons	Not too much Time for so Many Persons
Hi again.	Hi again.
When I was young I was taught that there wasn't such a thing as "too much time," there was only "too long."	When I was young, I was taught that there was no thing as "too much time," there was only "too long."
When I was young I was taught that there wasn't such a thing as "too much time," there was only "too long."	It's not at all natural for me to say "there was no thing as...". I would say "there was no such thing as...".
You were not supposed to say,	You were not supposed to say,
"Don't be too much time in there."	"Don't be too much time in there."
But instead you were supposed to say,	Instead you were supposed to say, I wouldn't say "but" here, it sounds unnatural and negative
"Don't be too long in there."	"Don't be too long in there."
There was also one person, but there never were two persons, three persons and so on.	There was also one person, but there never were two persons, three persons and so on.
There were three, four, five or so many people.	There were three, four, five or so many people.
Now there seem to be less and less "people," there just seems to be a lot of "persons."	Now there seem to be less and less "people," there just seems to be a lot of "persons."
Some of the things that were around when I was young I miss.	I missed some of the things that were around when I was young.
Some of the things that were around when I was young I miss.	I miss some of the things that were around when I was young.
Others I certainly don't.	Others I certainly don't.
But what I'm always hungry for is knowledge.	But what I'm always hungry for is knowledge.
Are the words "long" and "people" changing in this particular function?	Are the words "long" and "people" changing in this particular function?
It seems as they're going to disappear, as I don't hear them so often anymore.	It seems like they're going to disappear, as I don't hear them very often anymore.
To all the nice English-speakers on Lang-8, please help me with this.	To all the nice English-speakers on Lang-8, please help me with this.
I hope it doesn't take you too long; it would be nice to get an answer from at least a couple of people.	I hope it doesn't take you too long; it would be nice to get an answer from at least a couple of people.
犬VS猫	犬VS猫
猫と犬が好きですよ。	猫と犬が好きですよ。
でも、犬よりきれいだ。	でも、猫は犬よりきれいだ。または「でも、猫は犬より嫌いだ。」でしょうか？もしくは「犬の方が好き。」でしょうか？
そうではありませんか	そうではありませんか
An Autobiography	An Autobiography
I was born in the early 80's, in an industrial city in the province of Ciudad Real, Spain.	I was born in the early 80's, in an industrial city in the province of Ciudad Real, Spain.
I don't have many memories about when i went into the kinder garden, only that I went there 2 years	I don't have many memories about when i went into the kinder garden, only that I went there 2 years
Then I went to the primary school where i made some friends, specially where I met my best friend, in that time we really hate each other, we don't be close until the secondary school.	Then I went to the primary school where i made some friends, specially where I met my best friend, in that time we really hate each other, we don't be close until the secondary school.
Fortunately or unfortunately..	Fortunately or unfortunately..
when we finished the primary school and move to the higschool, the goverment decided to change the Educational System, the level in the classes was so high and i had many problems with my marks.	when we finished the primary school and move to the higschool, the goverment decided to change the Educational System, the level in the classes was so high and i had many problems with my marks.
I must recognize in that time i was really bad student.	I must recognize in that time i was really bad student.
Since i was child i showed much more skills in artistic activities, specially drawing and painting.	Since i was child i showed much more skills in artistic activities, specially drawing and painting.
I decided studied Fine Arts.	I decided studied Fine Arts.
I moved to another city for study.	I moved to another city for study.
I lived  in Cuenca for 7 years, the best years of my life i guess..	I lived  in Cuenca for 7 years, the best years of my life i guess..
Some summers when i went back to my hometown since I was 18 year old I worked in a part time job to financing my studies.	Some summers when i went back to my hometown since I was 18 year old I worked in a part time job to financing my studies.
Two years ago I finished my Fine Arts degree, then i did a Master for teachers.	Two years ago I finished my Fine Arts degree, then i did a Master for teachers.
I'm kinda interested to teach, one of the reason that help me to become much more interested was..	I'm kinda interested to teach, one of the reason that help me to become much more interested was..
the period of practises when I work as teacher, was really cool experience.	the period of practises when I work as teacher, was really cool experience.
Last summer I went in an academy in Ireland studying languages with an English Grant, was my first time abroad and one of the best experiences in my life.	Last summer I went in an academy in Ireland studying languages with an English Grant, was my first time abroad and one of the best experiences in my life.
Currenly I'm keep studying English in a school of languages and i'm preparing my teacher examination in an academy.	Currenly I'm keep studying English in a school of languages and i'm preparing my teacher examination in an academy.
I'd like to work as teacher of art in Highchool.	I'd like to work as teacher of art in Highchool.
I hope to be a nice teacher in the future.	I hope to be a nice teacher in the future.
Hi from Bolivia	Hi from Bolivia
Hello.	Hello.
I am a student from Potosi, Bolivia.	I am a student from Potosi, Bolivia.
I am studing mining enginnering and i want learn english, please somebody helpme beause here (in my city) is very dificult find somebody with practice	I am studying mining engineering and I want to learn English, please somebody help me because here (in my city) it is very difficult find somebody to practice with.
My vacation	My vacation
I started my Summer vacation last Tuesday after my final presentation.	I started my summer vacation last Tuesday after my final presentation.
I have been cleaning, cooking,reading, resting,and watching Asian dramas.	I have been cleaning, cooking,reading, resting,and watching Asian dramas.
It has been good.	It has been good.
Now, one of the happy occasions I have been waiting for is almost here.	Now, one of the happy occasions I have been waiting for is almost here.
I will graduate on Saturday and some relatives will come to visit.	I will graduate on Saturday and some relatives will come visit.
I am looking forward to seeing my sister and my cousin.	I am looking forward to seeing my sister and my cousin.
Also, an uncle will be here and he said he is taking my sister and I to Florida for a couple of days.	Also, an uncle will be here and he said he is taking my sister and me to Florida for a couple of days.
Last time I was at the beach was during Thanksgiving break so I am excited.	The last time I was at the beach was during Thanksgiving break, so I am excited.
Even though my sister is kind of annoying sometimes, we have a great relationship so I know we will have a lot of fun.	Even though my sister is kind of annoying sometimes, we have a great relationship so I know we will have a lot of fun.
It is so nice to see my family.	It is so nice to see my family.
However, later on I will be able to go to my country, Colombia, for a month.	However, later on I will be able to go to my country, Colombia, for a month.
Then, I will be able to see my mother and grandmother.	Then, I will be able to see my mother and grandmother.
Just thinking about it makes me extremely happy.	Just thinking about it makes me extremely happy.
Hi everyone. It has been a long time.	Hi everyone. It has been a long time.
My trip to Colombia is almost over.	My trip to Colombia is almost over.
I am going to stay one more day in my hometown and then I will go back to the capital city.	I am going to stay one more day in my hometown and then I will go back to the capital city.
I have gone out a couple of days but I have being staying with my mother and grandmother most of the time.	I have gone out a couple of days, but I have being staying with my mother and grandmother most of the time.
Today something interesting happened.	Today something interesting happened.
My mom has a lot of little birds.	My mom has a lot of little birds.
She constantly checks on them to feed them and change their water.	She constantly checks on them to feed them and change their water.
While doing one of her feedings, she saw a baby bird facing down in the water container.	While doing one of her feedings, she saw a baby bird facing down into the water container.
While doing one of her feedings, she saw a baby bird facing down in the water container.	While doing one of her feedings, she saw a baby bird face down in the water container.
The bird was almost drown and she took it out.	The bird had almost drowned before she took it out.
The bird was almost drown and she took it out.	The bird had almost drowned, so she took it out.
She deliberated about squeezing his stomach, putting him under a pot and hit it, and other ways to save him.	She deliberated about squeezing his stomach, putting him under a pot and hitting it, and other ways to save him.
I was scared with what I herd and took the baby bird with a towel.	I was scared about what I heard and took the baby bird with a towel.
Then, I looked up on the internet for solutions and one said I should put the bird up side down and move him from an upper position to a lower position.	Next, I looked on the internet for solutions and one said I should put the bird up side down and move him from an upper position to a lower position.
Then, I looked up on the internet for solutions and one said I should put the bird up side down and move him from an upper position to a lower position.	Then, I looked up on the internet for solutions and one said I should put the bird upside down and move him from an upper position to a lower position.
I also read about massaging his back and stomach as well.	I also read about massaging his back and stomach as well.
I tried this things but there was not water coming out.	I tried these things but there was no water coming out.
I stayed with the bird warming him and waiting for him to die.	I stayed with the bird, warming him and expecting him to die.
An hour passed and the bird was still alive.	An hour passed and the bird was still alive.
I kept warming him with my hands and after a long time we tried to put him in his cage again.	I kept warming him with my hands and after a long time we tried to put him in his cage again.
The baby bird then pooped my face and bit my finger so hard that it was difficult to take him away.	The baby bird then pooped on my face and bit my finger so hard that it was difficult to take him away.
I was happy that the baby bird was so recovered he was willing to fight.	I was happy that the baby bird had recovered and that he was willing to fight.
The last weeks	The last few weeks
Everything is going great at school but it has been a difficult time for me.	Everything is going great at school, but it has been a difficult time for me.
My health has been giving me problems and I am not used to that state.	My health has been giving me problems, and I am not used to that .
It has been more than a month feeling sick.	I've been feeling sick for more than a month.
First, I thought it was a cold.	First, I thought it was a cold.
The cold lasted for a while so I got worried and went to the dr's.	The cold lasted for a while, so I got worried and went to the doctor.
I finally knew that I had allergies.	I found out that I had allergies.
During my Spring break, I got a sinus infection.	During my spring break, I got a sinus infection.
I was back at school this week but the antibiotics I was taking were interfering with all I did.	I was back at school this week, but the antibiotics I was taking were interfering with everything I did.
Now, I feel bad again.	Now I feel bad again.
I better get use to the idea of spending my last two weeks of the semester being sick.	I'd better get used to the idea of spending my last two weeks of the semester being sick.
Still, I am very happy that my graduation is very close.	Still, I am happy that my graduation is very soon.
Still, I am very happy that my graduation is very close.	Still, I am very happy that my graduation is so soon.
I just need an extra effort for these upcoming weeks.	I just need an extra effort for these upcoming weeks.
I will do my best :)	I will do my best :)
Prática	Prática
Eu preciso aprender o pasado dos verbos.	Eu preciso aprender o pasado dos verbos.
Ontem, eu trabalhei o dia inteiro no restaurante.	Ontem, eu trabalhei o dia inteiro no restaurante.
Ontem, nós fomos para o cinema.	Ontem, nós fomos para o cinema.
Ontem, a Claudia comeu bobó de camarão.	Ontem, a Claudia comeu bobó de camarão.
A gente saiu á noite.	A gente saiu á noite.
Eu joguei futebol ontem á tarde.	Eu joguei futebol ontem á tarde.
Graduation day	Graduation day
It was a very nice graduation celebration.	It was a very nice graduation celebration.
Our key note speaker was Jimmy Carter and I got "Summa cum lauder".	Our keynote speaker was Jimmy Carter, and I got "Summa cum laude".
That was cool.	That was cool.
The wait was long but when the ceremony started things got better.	The wait was long, but when the ceremony started things got better.
When we were dismissed I had to meet with my relatives because I was in a different location.	When we were dismissed I had to find my relatives because I was in a different location.
It was a nightmare to find each other even though we used all the technology we had in our hands (Cellphones and GPSs).	It was a nightmare to find each other even though we used all the technology we had at hand (cell phones and GPSs).
There was so much people in that place that it was insane.	There were so many people in that place that it was insane.
Anyway, it is over and I am officially a teacher.	Anyway, it is over and I am officially a teacher.
Back to School	Back to School
It's time to go back to school.	It's time to go back to school.
I've really enjoyed these relaxing days.	I've really enjoyed these relaxing days.
Next week, I'll be back to school and this will be my last week teaching my fifth graders.	Next week, I'll be back to school and this will be my last week teaching my fifth graders.
I'm preparing a cultural activity where I'm going to teach them how Hispanic families name their children.	I'm preparing a cultural activity where I'm going to teach them how Hispanic families name their children.
I hope they don't get confused with the double names and last names, and the order they follow.	I hope they don't get confused with the double names and last names, and the order they follow.
After next week, I will have a final's week and then I will be on Christmas break.	After next week, it will be final's week and then I will be on Christmas break.
It seems a little silly to have a break two weeks before Christmas break but I enjoyed it anyways.	It seems a little silly to have a break two weeks before Christmas break but I enjoyed it anyways.
New Year's Eve Withouth My Family	New Year's Eve Withouth My Family
I have spent 3 New Year's Eves without my family.	I have spent 3 New Year's Eves without my family.
It has been OK because I have been able to see them once.	It has been OK because I was able to see them once.
However, it has been a year and a half or maybe 2 years since I saw them and I am starting to miss them a lot.	However, it has been a year and a half or maybe 2 years since I saw them and I am starting to miss them a lot.
I will not go to a New Year's party here and I will stay online so I can talk online to my mother and sister.	I will not go to a New Year's party here and I will stay online so I can talk online to my mother and sister.
Thanks to Skype I can see their faces and not feel too bad.	Thanks to Skype, I can see their faces and not feel too bad.
Ways to Improve my Knowledge of Spanish Linguistics 	Ways to Improve my Knowledge of Spanish Linguistics 
I am a native speaker of Spanish.	I am a native speaker of Spanish.
Spanish linguistics is a  very interesting field to me.	Spanish linguistics is a  very interesting field to me.
When I was learning English as a second language at the National University of Colombia, I took many linguistics classes.	When I was learning English as a second language at the National University of Colombia, I took many linguistics classes.
My university philosophy stated that in order to learn a second language you needed to know your mother tongue very well.	My university philosophy stated that in order to learn a second language you needed to know your mother tongue very well.
So I took the following classes: Spanish for different purposes (I and II), Grammar, Linguistics (I and II), Psycholinguistics, Sociolinguistics and Text linguistics.	So I took the following classes: Spanish for different purposes (I and II), Grammar, Linguistics (I and II), Psycholinguistics, Sociolinguistics and Text linguistics.
After that I did not see my mother tongue the same way anymore and I started to think in metalinguistic terms.	After that I did not see my mother tongue the same way anymore and I started to think in metalinguistic terms.
Also, learning a second language helped me improve  my vocabulary in my native language because of the similar words and become more familiar with conjugations	Also, learning a second language helped me improve  my vocabulary in my native language because of the similar words and become more familiar with conjugations.
I  love reading and I prefer to read in Spanish.	I  love reading and I prefer to read in Spanish.
I also like to teach Spanish as a hobby so I belong to a language exchange website named Lang8.	I also like to teach Spanish as a hobby so I belong to a language exchange website named Lang8.
Here people who are learning a second language like Spanish write journals and native speakers of that language correct those journals in exchange of corrections for their journals.	There are people who are learning a second language like Spanish write journals and native speakers of that language correct those journals in exchange for corrections for their journals.
I spend considerable time correcting this journals and having discussions with other native speaker of Spanish about our corrections.	I spend considerable time correcting those journals and having discussions with other native speakers of Spanish about our corrections.
When we make corrections we explain grammar rules and give options to say things in different Spanish accents.	When we make corrections we explain grammar rules and give options to say things in different Spanish accents.
This type of mentorship makes me trigger many language questions and encourages me to do research in order to support my native speaker instinct.	This type of mentorship triggers many language questions and encourages me to do research in order to support my native speaker instinct.
I also took a translation class in Georgia State where I learnt a lot about English and Spanish.	I also took a translation class in Georgia State where I learnt a lot about English and Spanish.
I also spend time volunteering in an subbing website.	I also spend time volunteering at a subbing website.
Here I help translate into Spanish Asian TV shows that have been translated into English.	There I help translate into Spanish Asian TV shows that have been translated into English.
Finally, I have international friends and I talk to them through Skype which helps me find differences in accents and having language discussions.	Finally, I have international friends and I talk to them through Skype which helps me find differences in accents and have language discussions.
Ways to Improve my Spanish 	Ways to Improve my Spanish 
The main way I improve my native language Spanish is by reading.	The main way through which I improve in my native language, Spanish, is by reading.
I love reading and I rather read in Spanish than in English.	I love reading and I would rather read in Spanish than in English.
At the moment, I am reading "La casa de los espritus" by Isabel Allende and next I will be reading "Rayuela" by Julio Cortazar.	At the moment, I am reading "La casa de los espritus" by Isabel Allende and next I will be reading "Rayuela" by Julio Cortazar.
Readint is the best way to improve my vocabulary.	Reading is the best way for me to improve my vocabulary.
I try to read a variety of genres and periods and when I find an unfamiliar word I look it up in a dictionary.	I try to read a variety of genres and periods and when I find an unfamiliar word I look it up in a dictionary.
I love the fact that one will always find new words in your native language.	I love the fact that one will always find new words in one's native language.
I also like playing word games online such as crossword puzzles and words generators.	I also like playing word games online such as crossword puzzles and words generators.
I particularly like those because they keep me sharp, alert and full of good words.	I particularly like those because they keep me sharp, alert and full of good words.
It is common that because I live in the U.	It may be that because I live in the U.
S.	S.
now I may forget vocabulary that I do not use often.	now I may forget vocabulary that I do not use often.
Therefore, playing this games are so helpful.	Therefore, playing this games can be helpful.
The best way I improve my Spanish is by traveling to my country.	The best way I can improve my Spanish is by visiting my country.
I try to visit my family and friends in Colombia as often as possible.	I try to visit my family and friends in Colombia as often as possible.
when I am in the United States I keep in contact with relatives and friend through social networks such as Facebook.	when I am in the United States I keep in contact with relatives and friends through social networks such as Facebook.
I also use Skype to talk to my family and friends to keep in contact.	I also use Skype to talk to my family and friends to keep in contact.
Another way to keep in contact with the culture is by reading magazines like "Caras" and newspapers like "el tiempo" y "el espectador".	Another way to keep in contact with the culture is by reading magazines like "Caras" and newspapers like "el tiempo" y "el espectador".
I also enjoy listening to the radio which I do via the internet.	I also enjoy listening to the radio which I do via the internet.
I tune to "La mega" and "Los Caurente principales" two of the most important radio stations in Bogota.	I tune to "La mega" and "Los Caurente principales" two of the most important radio stations in Bogota.
I also watch the Hispanic channel in the North American channels such as "Univision" and "Telemundo" where I can hear different accents and analyze different ways hispanic people speak.	I also watch the Hispanic programs in North American channels such as "Univision" and "Telemundo" where I can hear different accents and analyze the different ways Hispanic people speak.
New Job	New Job
Today it was my first day at the middle school I'll be teaching sixth grade.	Today it was my first day at the middle school; I'll be teaching sixth grade.
For now, we are during our planning weeks.	For now, we are in our planning weeks.
For now, I'm just getting to know the other staff members.	I'm just getting to know the other staff members.
They call me a "baby teacher" and I kind of like it.	They call me a "baby teacher" and I kind of like it.
It seems like I'll be very busy when school starts.	It seems like I'll be very busy when school starts.
I'm very excited with this new job.	I'm very excited with this new job.
I hope I keep improving so I can be a great teacher!	I hope to keep improving so I can be a great teacher!
Farmers Market	Farmers Market
Today I was bored so I went to an International Farmer's Market.	Today I was bored so I went to an International Farmer's Market.
There were so many crazy things there.	There were so many crazy things there.
The meat section was so big but many of the meat options were not interesting such as goat and lamb.	The meat section was so big but many of the meat options were not interesting such as goat and lamb.
There was also a bis sea food section but the line to buy something was so long that I could not purchase anything.	There was also a bis sea food section but the line to buy something was so long that I could not purchase anything.
I ended up buying cake.	I ended up buying cake.
Conferences (2)	Conferences (2)
I also went to the Atlanta Public Schools’ (APS) Pre-Service Teacher Orientation on February 17th, 2011.	I also went to the Atlanta Public Schools’ (APS) Pre-Service Teacher Orientation on February 17th, 2011.
This orientation was a new program to acclimate pre-service teachers to the culture of this school district.	This orientation was a new program to accustom pre-service teachers to the culture of this school district.
This orientation was a new program to acclimate pre-service teachers to the culture of this school district.	This orientation was a new program to acclimate pre-service teachers to the culture of this school district.
There I received information from various departments such as Human Resources, Office of Internal Resolutions, APS Mentors and Class Keys/ Behavior Management.	There I received information from various departments such as Human Resources, Office of Internal Resolutions, APS Mentors and Class Keys/ Behavior Management.
During the behavior management talk, I learned about the classroom Analysis of State Standers (CLASS).	During the behavior management talk, I learned about the classroom Analysis of State Standers (CLASS).
I also received important information about classroom environment.	I also received important information about the classroom environment.
Overall, these conferences were very constructive for me.	Overall, these conferences were very constructive for me.
I am looking forward to being present at the 2011 annual FLAG conference.	I am looking forward to being present at the 2011 annual FLAG conference.
I hope I can continue attending to such events in order to become a better teacher to my students.	I hope I can continue attending such events in order to become a better teacher for my students.
Wow	Wow
It has been a week teaching at this Elementary School for my Student Teaching and I already like my kids.	It has been a week since I've been teaching at this elementary school for my student teaching, and I already like my kids.
They are the cutest little fellows.	They are just the cutest little fellows.
They pick up Spanish so quickly and their accents are so good.	They pick up Spanish so quickly and their accents are so good.
It is difficult to keep them quiet and on task but I enjoy spending time with them.	It is difficult to keep them quiet and on task, but I enjoy spending time with them.
Before, I was sure I wanted to be a High School Spanish teacher but now I am starting to have doubts.	Before, I was sure I wanted to be a high school Spanish teacher, but now I am starting to have some doubts.
Younger students are really fun to work with.	Younger students are really fun to work with.
Well, I have to do a lot of singing and gesturing that is out of my character.	I have to do a lot of singing and gesturing that is out of character for me. 
However, it makes me happy that they like the silly things I do.	However, it makes me happy that they like the silly things I do.
Unexpected Mini-Vacation	Unexpected Mini-Vacation
I really wanted to start my student teaching last Monday but I happily accepted this unexpected mini-vacation.	I really wanted to start my student teaching last Monday, but I happily accepted this unexpected mini-vacation.
I have been having a great time.	I have been having a great time.
I just confirmed that my Elementary School will be close on Friday as well.	I just confirmed that my Elementary School will be closed on Friday as well.
It has been a whole week off and Monday is a holiday.	It has been a whole week off, and Monday is a holiday.
So I will start school on Tuesday.	So I will start school on Tuesday.
This is crazy!	This is crazy!
ummh	ummh
I've created an skype account.	I've created a skype account.
I hope I can find people that are willing to chat with me.	I hope I can find people who are willing to chat with me.
So far I do not have any friend in my skype contact list.	So far I do not have any friend in my skype contact list.
I hope that changes.	I hope that changes.
=P	=P
Innovative programs	Innovative programs
I have created and implemented innovative options in my classroom by differentiated instruction.	I have created and implemented innovative options in my classroom by differentiated instruction.
For this, I usually plan my classes thinking of the main ideas that all students should be able to learn.	For this, I usually plan my classes thinking of the main ideas that all students should be able to learn.
However, the more detailed information that accelerated students may need depends on each individual.	However, the more detailed information that accelerated students may need depends on each individual.
My lessons are planned around learning styles and multiple intelligences.	My lessons are planned around learning styles and multiple levels of intelligence.
Therefore, I plan a variety of activities such as games, music, dance, TPR, journals, pictures, puzzles, drawing, role playing, storytelling, individual work, small or big groups, etc.	Therefore, I plan a variety of activities such as games, music, dance, TPR, journals, pictures, puzzles, drawing, role playing, storytelling, individual work, small or big groups, etc.
Another innovative way is the use of up-to-date technology.	Another innovative way is the use of up-to-date technology.
I constantly use PowerPoint, video and music.	I constantly use PowerPoint, video and music.
I find different internet services very educational.	I find different internet services very educational.
For example, students can demonstrate understanding of a variety of topics through online games, activities and simulations.	For example, students can demonstrate understanding of a variety of topics through online games, activities and simulations.
They can improve their reading or listening skills by using fun websites such as Voki, which allows student to create avatars and use text-to-speech functions.	They can improve their reading or listening skills by using fun websites such as Voki, which allows students to create avatars and use text-to-speech functions.
We can also access a verity of authentic material from newsgroups, blogs, websites, etc.	We can also access a variety of authentic material from newsgroups, blogs, websites, etc.
Besides, technology facilitates the assessment of students by using video or audio for speaking assessments.	Besides, technology facilitates the speaking assessment of students by using video or audio .
Nothing to say	Nothing to say
I do not have anything to say today.	I do not have anything to say today.
If I wanted to talk about yesterday and today I would have to say that I stayed home and I watched Asian dramas all day.	If I wanted to talk about yesterday and today I would have to say that I stayed home and I watched Asian dramas all day.
I think from now on, I will translate text and see how bad my grammar gets.	I think from now on, I will translate text and see how bad my grammar gets.
I have heard sometimes that I should use contractions in my journals because they are supposed to be informal writings.	I have heard sometimes that I should use contractions in my journals because they are supposed to be informal writings.
I can do it but I am trying to get experience in more formal writing.	I can do it but I am trying to get experience in more formal writing.
I think I can express myself fine in an informal setting.	I think I can express myself fine in an informal setting.
That is why I want to try to translate texts because if I keep talking about myself I am not challenging my writing skills too much.	That is why I want to try to translate texts because if I keep talking about myself I am not challenging my writing skills too much.
The hottest men	The hottest men
I do not like Brat Pitt or Tom Cruise.	I do not like Brat Pitt or Tom Cruise.
I do not think that Johnny Deep is that attractive.	I do not think that Johnny Deep is that attractive.
I would not pay attention to George Clooney.	I would not pay attention to George Clooney.
I think that the hottest men are Jiro Wang (A.	I think that the hottest men are Jiro Wang (A.
K.	K.
A.	A.
Dadong), Aaron Yan, Jang Geun Suk, and Lee Hong Ki.	Dadong), Aaron Yan, Jang Geun Suk, and Lee Hong Ki.
If you know them good, if not you should look them up and give me your opinion =)	If you know them good, if not you should look them up and give me your opinion =)
My Birthday	My Birthday
My Birthday was on Wednesday.	My Birthday was on Wednesday.
I did not do anything different.	I did not do anything different.
I used it as an excuse to teach my students the happy birthday song in Spanish.	I used it as an excuse to teach my students the happy birthday song in Spanish.
Some of them were very sweet and made cards for me or asked about what I did the next day we met.	Some of them were very sweet and made cards for me or asked about what I did the next day when we met.
Some of them said they were sorry when I told them I did not have cake and I spent it alone.	Some of them said they were sorry when I told them I did not have any cake and I spent it alone.
I told them that it was OK because I spent the day with them.	I told them that it was OK because I spent the day with them.
These weeks 	These weeks 
There weeks have been good and eventful.	The past few weeks have been very eventful.
I graduated and some of my relatives visited me on that weekend.	I graduated recently, and some of my relatives visited me that weekend.
My sister stayed for a week and we toured around Atlanta.	My sister stayed for a week and we toured around Atlanta.
I went to places I have not been before even though I live here.	We went to places I have not been to before, even though I live here in Atlanta.
I also tried to put my old couch apart and I hurt my hand.	I also tried to disassemble my old couch but I hurt my hand.
I am fine now that I went to the doctors.	I went to the doctors' and I'm fine now.
At the moment I am looking for a job and I am spending a lot of time online.	At the moment I am looking for a job and spending a lot of time online.
I have to wait only one month for my trip to Colombia.	I have to wait only one month before my trip to Colombia.
I am looking forward to that.	I am looking forward to that.
Going back home	Going back home
I'm going back to reality.	I'm coming back to reality.
My holidays are over and I'll travel tomorrow morning to Georgia.	My holidays are over and I'll travel tomorrow morning to Georgia.
I miss my cats.	I miss my cats.
It's been more than two weeks since I saw them.	It's been more than two weeks since I last saw them.
A friend is taking care of them.	A friend is taking care of them.
I can't wait to see their lovely faces :P	I can't wait to see their lovely faces :P
Exams	Exams
I will have my exams tomorrow.	I will have my exams tomorrow.
I have a lot of studying to do today.	I have a lot of studying to do today.
I will have a Portuguese exam, which I believe will be easy.	I will have a Portuguese exam, which I believe will be easy.
I will also have an exam on Mexican Literature for which I will write a paper at home and then take a written part at school.	I will also have an exam on Mexican Literature for which I will write a paper at home and then take a written part at school.
The one for which I have to study the most is my Translation exam.	The one for which I have to study the most is my Translation exam.
I will be asked about false cognates lists, fixed expressions, sayings, Spanish grammar, translation techniques and finally I will have to translate a paragraph.	I will be asked about false cognates lists, fixed expressions, sayings, Spanish grammar, translation techniques and finally I will have to translate a paragraph.
I think I will be able to take them all in one day.	I think I will be able to take them all in one day.
Wish me luck.	Wish me luck.
Nurturing	Para fomentar
How would you translate into Spanish?	How would you translate into Spanish?
Women are expected to be more nurturing than men.	Las mujeres se espera que sean más protectoras que los hombres.
De las mujeres se espera que sean más...	De las mujeres se espera que sean más...
protectoras?	protectoras?
que los hombres.	que los hombres.
Men are expected to be more mechanically minded than women.	Los hombres se espera que sean más mecánicamente mente que las mujeres.
De los hombres se espera que sean mejores...	De los "hombres sí Espera Que sean Mejores ...
construyendo cosas?	construyendo cosas?
que las mujeres.	que las mujeres.
No More Video Chatting for a While	No More Video Chatting for a While
I love my cats and that is something I have said many times here.	I love my cats and that is something I have said many times here.
However, I can not deny that they are a couple of rascals.	However, I can not deny that they are a couple of rascals.
One of my hobbies is talking to foreigners online.	One of my hobbies is talking to foreigners online.
I love Skype and videoconferencing is my favorite feature.	I love Skype and videoconferencing is my favorite feature.
I have not been online recently because I have been busy.	I have not been online recently because I have been busy.
I guess I will not video chat for a while now.	However, I guess I will not video chat for a while now because of another reason.
Yesterday I found my webcam on a chair.	Yesterday I found my webcam on a chair.
My cats chewed on the cable and it does not work anymore.	My cats chewed the cable and it does not work anymore.
So sad...	So sad...
The worst part is that I can not get mad at them because they do not know what they did.	The worst part is that I can not get mad at them because they do not know what they did.
MSN has changed	MSN has changed
I usually use MSN to talk to my relatives in Colombia.	I usually use MSN to talk to my relatives in Colombia.
I have Skype and MSN.	I have Skype and MSN.
However, after the last update for MSN, I can not have video conferences anymore.	However, after the last update for MSN, I can not have video conferences anymore.
I can only send video messages.	I can only send video messages.
I find it very lame because it is weird to film a 30 seconds message.	I find it very lame because it is weird to film a 30 second message. This language is correct, but 'lame' sounds a little too informal here. You could use instead 'strange' or 'unnatural'.
My point is that I have too be checking the time and also unilateral "communication" via video is really unconformable.	My point is that I have to be checking for messages all the time, and also unilateral "communication" via video is really uncomfortable.
I think I will have to ask my mom to get Skype instead.	I think I will have to ask my mom to get Skype instead.
Random thoughts	Random thoughts
Today I took my cats to the veterinarian.	Today I took my cats to the veterinarian.
It was quite an adventure because the carrier I was using for one of them was made of cardboard and it broke.	It was quite an adventure because the carrier I was using for one of them was made of cardboard and it broke.
Anyway, when the veterinarian was checking my cats I notice something that happens often.	Anyway, when the veterinarian was checking my cats I noticed something that happens often.
She said that my orange cat was very handsome and then she said that my calico cat had very soft hair.	She said that my orange cat was very handsome and then she said that my calico cat had very soft hair.
Basically, she said that she liked one but not the other.	Basically, she said that she liked one but not the other.
So that reminded me of the comments people made when I was a little girl.	So that reminded me of the comments people made when I was a little girl.
My sister was very pretty when she was a little girl.	My sister was very pretty when she was a little girl.
When people saw us they would say "Oh!	When people saw us they would say "Oh!
Andrea is so pretty and Laura...	Andrea is so pretty and Laura...
has grown a lot." I guess I will accept that because I was not a very pretty little girl.	has grown a lot." I guess I will accept that because I was not a very pretty little girl.
Anyway, I am happy I change (a little bit) for the best :) 	Anyway, I am happy I have changed (a little bit) for the better :) 
Dear Thanksgiving break,	Dear Thanksgiving break,
Please do not go by too fast.	Please do not go by too fast.
I have many things to do.	I have many things to do.
Please let me rest.	Please let me rest.
I am very tired.	I am very tired.
On other hand, please go by fast so Christmas break comes soon.	On the other hand, please go by fast so Christmas break comes soon.
I want to be done with this semester.	I want to be done with this semester.
Please let me be active.	Please let me be active.
I need to get many things done.	I need to get many things done.
Sunday	Sunday
It's Sunday and I feel like being on vacation but I'm not.	It's Sunday and I feel like being on vacation but I'm not.
I'll have tree final exams on Thursday.	I'll have three final exams on Thursday.
I'll relax today and I'll study during the week.	I'll relax today and I'll study during the week.
It feels very nice to have tree days to study for my finals.	It feels very nice to have three days to study for my finals.
This is how final's week should be "kind of" relaxed.	This is how finals week should be - "kind of" relaxed.
It Started with a Kiss	It Started with a Kiss
I'm watching a Taiwanese drama called "It started with a kiss." I only watching because my favorite actor/singer appears in this show.	I'm watching a Taiwanese drama called "It started with a kiss." I am only watching because my favorite actor/singer appears in this show.
His name is Jiro Wang (A.	His name is Jiro Wang (A.
K.	K.
A.	A.
DaDong).	DaDong).
I do not like the plot of this show that much.	I do not like the plot of this show that much.
It is interesting in some parts.	It is interesting in some parts.
The main problem is that Jiro is not the main character so he does not appear so often.	The main problem is that Jiro is not the main character so he does not appear that often.
I still have 10 more episodes to watch.	I still have 10 more episodes to watch.
I hope I can see more of Jiro's acting skills.	I hope I can see more of Jiro's acting skills.
I'm back	I'm back
I arrived in Atlanta last night and I had many things left to do before beginning my Student Teaching semester.	I arrived in Atlanta last night and I had many things left to do before beginning my Student Teaching semester.
I'm very happy because I did all that today.	I'm very happy because I did all that today.
I felt great because everything was quick and easy.	I felt great because everything was quick and easy.
Now, I can enjoy the last three days of my vacation.	Now, I can enjoy the last three days of my vacation.
Then, I will have to give my best in this last semester so I can become a certified Spanish teacher from Kindergarten to 12th grade.	Then, I will have to give my best in this last semester so I can become a certified Spanish teacher from Kindergarten to 12th grade.
I'm going to be busy and I might not check Lang-8 very often.	I'm going to be busy and I might not check Lang-8 very often.
free time	free time
I have a lot of free time these days.	I have a lot of free time these days.
I have been visiting this website as often as my facebook.	I have been visiting this website as often as my facebook.
I have been correcting entries in Spanish but there are less entries in Spanish that in English so when there are no journals in Spanish I correct diaries in English even though I still have plenty of mistakes in English.	I have been correcting entries in Spanish but there are less entries in Spanish that in English so when there are no journals in Spanish I correct diaries in English even though I still have plenty of mistakes in English.
I just want to help people that posts something and waits days to get feedback.	I just want to help people that posts something and waits days to get feedback.
I think that my feedback is better than nothing.	I think that my feedback is better than nothing.
Fossilization 	Fossilization 
Fossilization in language term that refers to "the often-observed loss of progress in the acquisition of a second language, following a period where learning occurred." This is a stage than many of us experienced after achieving certain language level.	Fossilization in language term that refers to "the often-observed loss of progress in the acquisition of a second language, following a period where learning occurred." This is a stage than many of us experienced after achieving certain language level.
The more advanced you get, the harder it is to see improvements in you language skills.	The more advanced you get, the harder it is to see improvements in you language skills.
Then, you may lose motivation which is an important aspect of learning.	Then, you may lose motivation which is an important aspect of learning.
You also make specific mistakes often and it is very difficult to correct them.	You also make specific mistakes often and it is very difficult to correct them.
I have learned this term before and I can perfectly identify with it.	I have learned this term before and I can perfectly identify with it.
I have to write 8 page journals every Friday for a class.	I have to write 8 page journals every Friday for a class.
My teacher knows that English is my second language but she still wants my papers to be perfect.	My teacher knows that English is my second language but she still wants my papers to be perfect.
I am already doing my best but she keeps asking me to be more careful with my mistakes.	I am already doing my best but she keeps asking me to be more careful with my mistakes.
For example, I do not know how to tell her that sometimes I write "this" instead of "these" because when I speak I do not make a difference in pronunciation, therefore; this is reflected in my writing.	For example, I do not know how to tell her that sometimes I write "this" instead of "these" because when I speak I do not make a difference in pronunciation, therefore; this is reflected in my writing.
I do not know how to make her understand that it is a "fossilized" error.	I do not know how to make her understand that it is a "fossilized" error.
I understand her request for perfect grammar but I am giving my best already...	I understand her request for perfect grammar but I am giving my best already...
Sharing a song	Sharing a song
I just heard this song and it reminded me how much I like it.	I just heard this song and it reminded me how much I like it.
I love "La 5ta estación".	I love "La 5ta estación".
The vocalist is amazing.	The vocalist is amazing.
Enjoy!	Enjoy!
Here are the lyrics (If you want to sing along) and a poor translation I did:	Here are the lyrics (If you want to sing along) and a poor translation I did:
Tu peor error	Tu peor error
Hace tiempo que comento con la almohada, 	Hace tiempo que comento con la almohada, 
Que tal vez soy para ti sólo una carga.	Que tal vez soy para ti sólo una carga.
Hace tiempo que ya no me creo nada	Hace tiempo que ya no me creo nada
Y he notado tu sonrisa algo cansada.	Y he notado tu sonrisa algo cansada.
(For a long while now, I've been discussing with the pillow,	(For a long while now, I've been discussing with the pillow,
That I may be just a burden for you.	That I may be just a burden for you.
For a long while now, I no longer believe anything	For a long while now, I no longer believe anything
And I have noticed your smile a little tired.)	And I have noticed your smile a little tired.)
Con los días se amontonan los momentos,	Con los días se amontonan los momentos,
Que perdimos por tratar de ser sinceros,	Que perdimos por tratar de ser sinceros,
Y aunque no me creas creo que aún te creo,	Y aunque no me creas creo que aún te creo,
Y aunque no me quieras creo que aún te quiero.	Y aunque no me quieras creo que aún te quiero.
(The moments pile up with the days	(The moments pile up with the days
that we lost by trying to be honest,	that we lost by trying to be honest,
And even though you do not believe me, I still believe you,	And even though you do not believe me, I still believe you,
And even though you do not love me I still love you.)	And even though you do not love me I still love you.)
Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,	Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,
De no saber, si sí o si no,	De no saber, si sí o si no,
¡Voy esquivando tus miradas!,	¡Voy esquivando tus miradas!,
Yo, que he sido tu peor error,	Yo, que he sido tu peor error,
Me quedo con la sensación,	Me quedo con la sensación,
De no tener las cosas claras.	De no tener las cosas claras.
(And I,(am) lost in the confusion	(And I,(am) lost in the confusion
of not knowing if "yes or no",	of not knowing if "yes or no",
I am avoiding your eyes!,	I am avoiding your eyes!,
I, who have been your worst mistake	I, who have been your worst mistake
I am left with the feeling	I am left with the feeling
of things not being clear.)	of things not being clear.)
He tocado con la punta de los dedos	He tocado con la punta de los dedos
Ese cielo que prometes con tus besos.	Ese cielo que prometes con tus besos.
Como un niño me creí todos tus cuentos,	Como un niño me creí todos tus cuentos,
Y aunque tú me entiendas yo ya no te entiendo.	Y aunque tú me entiendas yo ya no te entiendo.
(I have touch with the tip of my fingers	(I have touch with the tip of my fingers
the heaven that you promise with your kisses	the heaven that you promise with your kisses
I believed all your stories like a child	I believed all your stories like a child
and even though you understand me, I do not understand you anymore.	and even though you understand me, I do not understand you anymore.
Sólo quedan los recuerdos de ese invierno,	Sólo quedan los recuerdos de ese invierno,
Que pasamos enterrando sentimientos.	Que pasamos enterrando sentimientos.
Y aunque no me creas creo que aún te creo,	Y aunque no me creas creo que aún te creo,
Y aunque no me quieras creo que aún te quiero.	Y aunque no me quieras creo que aún te quiero.
(Only the memories from that winter are left/There are only memories of that winter,	(Only the memories from that winter are left/There are only memories of that winter,
We spent burying feelings.	We spent burying feelings.
And even though you do not believe me, I still believe you,	And even though you do not believe me, I still believe you,
And even though you do not love me I still love you.)	And even though you do not love me I still love you.)
Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,	Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,
De no saber,si sí o si no,	De no saber,si sí o si no,
Voy esquivando tus miradas,	Voy esquivando tus miradas,
Yo, que he sido tu peor error,	Yo, que he sido tu peor error,
Me quedo con la sensación,	Me quedo con la sensación,
De no tener las cosas claras.	De no tener las cosas claras.
No he sido yo, lo amargo de tu voz,	No he sido yo, lo amargo de tu voz,
La mala entre nosotros dos,	La mala entre nosotros dos,
Y no pasa nada, si apago la luz,	Y no pasa nada, si apago la luz,
si busco y no estas tú,	si busco y no estas tú,
Si el tiempo no nos dijo adiós,	Si el tiempo no nos dijo adiós,
Y todo se acaba, yo.	Y todo se acaba, yo.
(It was not me, the bitterness of your voice	(It was not me, the bitterness of your voice
The bad one between us.	The bad one between us.
And nothing happens, if I turn off the light,	And nothing happens, if I turn off the light,
if I look around and you are not there,	if I look around and you are not there,
If time did not say goodbye	If time did not say goodbye
And it is all over, I.)	And it is all over, I.)
Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,	Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,
De no saber,si sì o si no,	De no saber,si sì o si no,
Voy esquivando tus miradas,	Voy esquivando tus miradas,
Yo, que he sido tu peor error,	Yo, que he sido tu peor error,
Me quedo con la sensación,	Me quedo con la sensación,
De no tener las cosas claras.	De no tener las cosas claras.
Tomorrow is a big day	Tomorrow is a big day
Tomorrow morning, I will present my portfolio.	Tomorrow morning, I will present my portfolio.
In that folder I have all my work for a semester.	In that folder I have all my work from the semester. Unless you're talking about a future semester.
I just finished my last paper and I feel so accomplished.	I just finished my last paper and I feel so accomplished.
I have my presentation ready and I cannot wait to be 11 am tomorrow so I can say that I am done with school (well if my professor does not ask me to correct something) I am so happy this day is finally around the corner :)	I have my presentation ready and I cannot wait for it to be 11 am tomorrow so I can say that I am done with school (well if my professor does not ask me to correct something). I am so happy this day is finally around the corner :)
Translations	Translations
Hi, please check one of my translations.	Hi, please check one of my translations.
Thanks ;)	Thanks ;)
Tonight	Tonight
I dressed up and put on some make-up because I was going to go out tonight.	I dressed up and put on some make-up because I was going to go out tonight.
However, there was a change of plans and I ended up staying at home.	However, there was a change of plans and I ended up staying at home.
What a waste =(	What a waste =(
Spring Break	Spring Break
I finally had a week off and I am so happy about that.	I finally had a week off and I am so happy about that.
However, last time I said that working with children was testing my immune system.	However, last time I said that working with children was testing my immune system.
I recently went to the doctor and she said that I actually have allergies.	I recently went to the doctor and she told me that I actually have allergies.
In Atlanta, the pollen amounts are very high right now.	In Atlanta, the pollen counts are very high right now.
I am being affected by that.	I am being affected by that.
In former years, I did not have any relevant reaction but this time is very bad	In the past years, I did not have any adverse reactions but this time it is very bad.
I already cleaned everything I could think of.	I already cleaned everything I could think of.
Now, I am going to rest for the rest of the week.	Now, I am going to rest for the remainder of the week.
I really need to be healthier for the last couple of weeks I have to teach.	I really need to be healthier for the last couple of weeks I have to teach.
I just need to work hard a little bit more until I can have a well-deserved vacation in Colombia :)	I just need to work hard a little bit more until I can have a well-deserved vacation in Colombia :)
(I just wanted to share with you guys.	(I just wanted to share with you guys.
I hope the complaining does not get old for some people.	I hope the complaining does not get old for some of you.
Thanks for reading and correcting :)	Thanks for reading and correcting :)
Feliz Navidad.	Feliz Navidad.
Merry Christmas.	Merry Christmas.
Feliz Navidad.	Feliz Navidad.
Feliz Nata.	Feliz Natal.
Conferences	Conferences
During the weekend of March 12-13, 2010, I had a great experience when I attended the 2010 annual conference “Discovering the Power of Language” given by the Foreign Language Association of Georgia (FLAG).	During the weekend of March 12-13, 2010, I had a great experience when I attended the 2010 annual conference “Discovering the Power of Language” given by the Foreign Language Association of Georgia (FLAG).
There were two talks that I enjoyed very much.	There were two talks that I enjoyed very much.
First, I was inspired by the talk given by Greg Sanchez, “The Joy of Writing and Singing your own Songs!	First, I was inspired by the talk given by Greg Sanchez, “The Joy of Writing and Singing your own Songs!
No Experience Necessary!”.	No Experience Necessary!”.
There, I learned that many popular songs use simple musical structures, which I can use to make my own songs.	There, I learned that many popular songs use simple musical structures, which I can use to make my own songs.
For example, I can create a different version of the song “La bamba”.	For example, I can create a different version of the song “La bamba”.
Mr.	Mr.
Sanchez gave us a PowerPoint with a tool that can play important guitar notes.	Sanchez gave us a PowerPoint presentation with a tool that can play important guitar notes.
We can use these important notes to play a song.	We can use these important notes to play a song.
During this, talk we created lyrics for some popular songs and it was very entertaining.	During this talk we created lyrics for some popular songs and it was very entertaining.
Second, I was impressed with the activities presented by Cynthia Alby and others, “Teaching Vocabulary to Tactile and Kinesthetic Learners”.	Second, I was impressed with the activities presented by Cynthia Alby and others, “Teaching Vocabulary to Tactile and Kinesthetic Learners”.
They explained that many students in our classrooms are tactile/kinesthetic learners, but most vocabulary instructions and review is geared toward visual or auditory learners.	They explained that many students in our classrooms are tactile/kinesthetic learners, but most vocabulary instructions and review are geared toward visual or auditory learners.
During their talk, we experience hands-on vocabulary activities.	During their talk, we experienced hands-on vocabulary activities.
I remember very vividly how we wrote short words on our partners back using our fingers while our partner had to guess what word it was.	I remember very vividly how we wrote short words on our partner's back using our fingers while our partner had to guess what word it was.
The purpose of the activity was to practice the spelling of new vocabulary words.	The purpose of the activity was to practice the spelling of new vocabulary words.
I thought it was a very interesting approach for teaching vocabulary.	I thought it was a very interesting approach for teaching vocabulary.
Wishing	Wishing
Right now, my only wish is to have a job before I go to Colombia.	Right now, my only wish is to have a job before I go to Colombia.
I have submitted a lot of applications and I have not been call for the first formal interview yet.	I have submitted a lot of applications but I have not been called for the first formal interview yet.
I have submitted a lot of applications and I have not been call for the first formal interview yet.	I have submitted a lot of applications, but I have not been called for any formal interviews yet.
I have received a couple of e-mails telling me that a positions was already filled.	I have received a couple of e-mails telling me that some positions have already been filled.
I am still positive but the wait is not very pleasant.	I am still positive, but the wait is not very pleasant.
Today I will not do anything special.	Today I am not going to do anything special.
The pool in my building was opened recently so I may go for a swim.	The pool in my building was opened recently, so I may go for a swim.
Asian dramas	Asian dramas
I have been on vacation for a while.	I have been on vacation for a while.
I tried to find a job but it did not work out.	I tried to find a job but it did not work out.
So, I stay at home by myself.	So, I stay at home by myself.
I have been watching a lot of Asian dramas and I find them pretty amusing.	I have been watching a lot of Asian dramas and I find them pretty amusing.
I would like to start learning an Asian language.	I would like to start learning an Asian language.
For example, I wish I could learn Korean.	For example, I wish I could learn Korean.
We'll see.	We'll see.
As for now, I think I will start posting more often since I do not have much to do.	As for now, I think I will start posting more often since I do not have much to do.
I think I want to use Skype with people I know from this page.	I think I want to use Skype with people I know from this page.
That could be fun.	That could be fun.
Never satisfied	Never satisfied
I have been on a break for over a month.	I have been on a break for over a month.
It has been great not having an schedule to follow and deciding what to do based on my mood.	It has been great not having an schedule to follow and deciding what to do based on my mood.
However, I had a couple of things that I really wanted to do and I have neglected so far.	However, I had a couple of things that I really wanted to do and I have neglected so far.
I will finish my nagging by reflecting on how we can never be satisfied.	I will finish my comments by reflecting on how we can never be satisfied.
When I am busy, I think things would be so much better if we could have a break	When I am busy, I think things would be so much better if we could have a break.
When I finally have one, I feel like there is something missing.	When I finally have one, I feel like there is something missing.
Soon I will be home and I hope I am able to have a great time with the people I love the most.	Soon I will be home and I look forward to having a great time with the people I love the most.
I hate cooking	I hate cooking
I usually hate cooking.	I usually hate cooking.
It's stressful to have to wait for so long for something to be done.	It's stressful to have to wait for so long for something to be done.
I get distracted easily therefore I burn a lot of what I cook.	I get distracted easily therefore I burn a lot of what I cook.
However, when I am in a good mood  and I sometimes feel like cooking.	However, when I am in a good mood, I sometimes feel like cooking.
This last month I have been tortured by an insatiable craving of Cuban rice.	This last month I have been tortured by an insatiable craving of Cuban rice.
I looked for recipes and tried many.	I looked for recipes and tried many.
They all were unsuccessful until today.	They all were unsuccessful until today.
I am so satisfied after eating my delicious Cuban rice with some "carne a la plancha".	I am so satisfied after eating my delicious Cuban rice with some "carne a la plancha".
Yummy!	Yummy!
I might keep on experimenting in the kitchen maybe I'll start liking it.	I might keep on experimenting in the kitchen - maybe I'll start liking it. Like the other day, a dash here indicates a pause in your speech, as a break between the two statements.
Second Snow Day!	Second Snow Day!
I had a nice Snow Day today.	I had a nice Snow Day today.
I stayed at home warm and cozy.	I stayed at home warm and cozy.
Later on, I walked to the store.	Later on, I walked to the store.
I found this slope with some ice so I tried to slide.	I found a slope with some ice, so I tried to slide.
I was a failure.	I was a failure.
What you see in the pictures is: My first attempt, I was scared of running and then falling on my face.	What you see in the pictures is: My first attempt: I was scared of running and then falling on my face.
So I did this part very slowly and just laid on the ice and did not move.	So I did this part very slowly and just laid on the ice and did not move.
My second attempt, I did run a little bit, thew my body against the ice.	My second attempt: I did run a little bit, then threw my body against the ice.
I fell on my knees and I slid a little.	I fell on my knees and I slid a little.
The final picture is the result: a little bit of movement and a couple of sore knees.	The final picture is the result: a little bit of movement and a couple of sore knees.
Tomorrow is going to be another snow day.	Tomorrow is going to be another snow day.
As I previously said, Atlanta does not have many resources to keep the roads clear.	As I previously said, Atlanta does not have many resources to keep the roads clear.
Their strategy is to wait until the snow melts.	Their strategy is to wait until the snow melts.
Tonight is going to be cold so we will have icy roads.	Tonight is going to be cold so we will have icy roads.
I will have a "Ice" Day and schools are still closed so my vacation gets even longer.	I will have a "Ice" Day and schools are still closed so my vacation gets even longer.
My First Weeks Teaching	My First Weeks Teaching
I have been very busy lately.	I have been very busy lately.
However, I have been enjoying every single moment.	However, I have been enjoying every single moment.
I love teaching, I love my students, and I love my school.	I love teaching, I love my students, and I love my school.
Our very first day of school was quite an extraordinary day.	Our very first day of school was quite an extraordinary day.
We had talked about having a fire drill that Wednesday.	We had talked about having a fire drill that Wednesday.
However, the alarms rang and we had to evacuate the building.	However, the alarms suddenly rang and we had to evacuate the building.
We all talk about how unexpected that drill was.	We all talked about how unexpected that drill was.
I made my class bring their things with them even though they were not supposed to.	I made my class bring their things with them even though they were not supposed to.
We waited for thirty minutes standing up and we did not get the signal to get in the building.	We waited for thirty minutes standing up and we did not get the signal to go back into the building.
We also saw two helicopters from the local news and that was when we realized it was not a drill.	We also saw two helicopters from the local news station, and that was when we realized it was not a drill.
No one knew what was going on.	No one knew what was going on.
Our students kept asking us questions and we could only tell them that we were waiting for instructions.	Our students kept asking us questions and we could only tell them that we were waiting for instructions.
After and hour and thirty minutes, we were allowed to enter the building.	After an hour and thirty minutes, we were allowed to enter the building.
After and hour and thirty minutes, we were allowed to enter the building.	After an hour and a half, we were allowed to enter the building.
Our principal explained that there was a mysterious package in the 8th grade hall.	Our principal explained that there was a mysterious package in the 8th grade hallway.
The package was analyzed and it was some ink cartridges with wires in them.	The package was analyzed and it had/consisted of some ink cartridges with wires in them.
After that, our schedule had to be fixed so we could see all our students for at least 10 minutes so they could meet their teachers.	After that, our schedule had to be fixed so we could see all our students for at least 10 minutes so they could meet their teachers.
After that, the rest of the days seemed so calm and organized!	After that, the rest of the days seemed so calm and organized!
Also, I am glad this only became an interesting story to tell about my first day of teaching :)	Also, I am glad this became only an interesting story to tell about my first day of teaching :)
Achiving a goal	Achieving a Goal
In order to ensure that team’s or schools goals are met I usually take the role of a leader.	In order to ensure that my team’s or school's goals are met, I usually take the role of a leader.
However, I prefer to be a leader supporter.	However, I prefer to be a leader supporter.
When something is accomplished most recognition is given to the leader of a project.	When something is accomplished, most of the recognition is given to the leader of a project.
However, a leader without a strong support and effective partners would not be able to accomplish anything.	However, a leader without a strong support and effective partners would not be able to accomplish anything.
Also, I work on having clear goals and strategies to reach that goal and make emphasis on having constants checks of progress.	Also, I work on having clear goals and strategies to reach that goal, and I emphasize having constant progress checks.
I try to keeping in touch and use effective communicative skills to ensure that everyone is aiming to the same goal.	I try to keep in touch and use effective communication skills to ensure that everyone is aiming for the same goal.
Chopsticks 	Chopsticks 
I just ate an instant soup from Korea.	I just ate an instant cup noodle from Korea.
I have watch a lot of Asian television and there is always people eating Ramen with chopsticks.	I have watched a lot of Asian television and there are always people eating Ramen with chopsticks.
This was my first time trying to eat one of this soups with chopsticks and a spoon.	This was my first time trying to eat one of these cup noodles with chopsticks and a spoon.
It was quite an experience.	It was quite an experience.
I did not think it was going to be that hard.	I did not think it was going to be that hard.
Still I drank my soup and I enjoyed it very much =)	Still I drank the soup and I enjoyed it very much. =)
Hello,	Hello,
I was really exited when I found this web page.	I was really exited when I found this web page.
I think it is a great idea to receive help with your writing in exchange of your help to others.	I think it is a great idea to receive help with your writing in exchange for helping others.
I am from Colombia and my first language is Spanish.	I am from Colombia and my first language is Spanish.
I learned English at the University because I wanted to become an English teacher in my country.	I learned English at the University because I wanted to become an English teacher in my country.
However, I came to live in the U.	However, I came to live in the U.
S.	S.
and I decided to become a Spanish teacher instead.	and I decided to become a Spanish teacher instead.
I have been living in the States for 2 years now.	I have been living in the States for 2 years now.
I go to the University and my listening, speaking, reading and writing have remarkably improved.	I go to the University and my listening, speaking, reading and writing have remarkably improved.
However, I still have many mistakes that I want to work on.	However, I still have many mistakes that I want to work on.
That is why I really need help form native speakers.	That is why I really need help form native speakers.
I have a lot of problems using the right prepositions and I use strange combination of words, which revels that I am not a native speaker.	I have a lot of problems using the right prepositions and I use strange combinations of words, which reveals that I am not a native speaker.
I also learn new vocabulary constantly but I sometimes do not know how to use those words.	I also learn new vocabulary constantly but I sometimes do not know how to use those words.
I am looking forward to the feedback.	I am looking forward to the feedback.
Thank you,	Thank you,
Just one month	Just one month
I picked up my cap and gown today.	I picked up my cap and gown today.
It reminded me that graduation is just weeks away.	It reminded me that graduation is just weeks away.
I started my college journey in Colombia.	I started my college journey in Colombia.
I studied an English major in the National University of Colombia for three years.	I studied English in the National University of Colombia for three years.
I was 18 years old in my freshman semester.	I was 18 years old when I started my freshman semester.
I was 18 years old in my freshman semester.	I was 18 when I started.
It was such an great experience.	It was such a great experience.
The National University's environment is very unique.	The National University's environment is very unique.
However, due to many delays and strikes I once thought it would take me for ever to graduate.	However, due to many delays and strikes I once thought it would take me forever to graduate.
I came across with the opportunity of continuing my studies in the United States so I did not finish that major and moved to the US.	I came across the opportunity of continuing my studies in the United States so I did not finish that major and moved to the US. Or 'I came up with the idea of'
I came across with the opportunity of continuing my studies in the United States so I did not finish that major and moved to the US.	I came across the opportunity to continue my studies in the United States, so I stopped with that major and moved to the US.
I was able to transfer some credits.	I was able to transfer some credits.
However, I had to take many different subjects to fulfill a residency requirement in my new university.	However, I had to take many different subjects to fulfill a residency requirement in my new university.
I am glad that I have had the opportunity to be in college for so many years.	I am glad to have had the opportunity to be in college for so many years. 
I am glad that I have had the opportunity to be in college for so many years.	I am glad that I have had the opportunity to be in college for so many years. I think that both options sound fine.
I have learn a lot and at the same time I realized that I need to learn so much	I have learnt a lot and at the same time I have realized that I still need to learn so much.
I have learn a lot and at the same time I realized that I need to learn so much	I have learned a lot and at the same time I realize that there's still so much to learn.
Anyway, after six years I am about to graduate from college.	Anyway, after six years I am finally about to graduate from college.
That is a chapter I need to close.	That is a chapter I need to close.
I cannot wait- even though I know that my secondary education does not end there.	I cannot wait- even though I know that my secondary education does not end there.
Working with kids is testing my immune system 	Working with kids is testing my immune system 
This is my 9th week working with kids and I think they are a lot of fun.	This is my 9th week working with kids and I think they are a lot of fun.
However, not everything is good.	However, not everything is good.
I am "suffering" for being exposed to young kids.	I am "suffering" from being constantly exposed to young kids.
I am usually very healthy but now I have had a couple of colds in less than a month.	I am usually very healthy, but now I have had a couple of colds in less than a month.
Right now, my throat and neck hurt.	Right now, my throat and neck hurt.
I will go to the doctor soon because working with kids is testing my immune system.	I will go to the doctor soon because working with kids is testing my immune system.
I am just weeks away from graduation.	I am just a few weeks away from graduation.
I am so excited :) 	I am so excited :) 
...	...
I know that what I thought love was is not.	I know that what I thought was love is not.
My scholarship	My scholarship
My scholarship was canceled and I am not happy about it.	My scholarship has been canceled and I am not happy about it.
I did not lose it because of bad grades.	I did not lose it because of bad grades.
I got all As this semester, as the previous ones.	I got all As this semester, as I did in the previous ones.
What happened was that I am a transferred student.	The problem is that I am a transfer student.
I studied three years of a Philology and Languages degree.	I studied three years of a Philology and Languages degree.
Then, I transferred those classes and they accepted only one year but still kept some unnecessary credit hours.	Then, I transferred those classes and they accepted only one year but still kept some unnecessary credit hours.
I have been study in this new university for two years and a half and I am about to graduate.	I have been studying in this new university for two and a half years and I am about to graduate.
They tell me I have too many credit hours and that goes against their rules.	They tell me I have too many credit hours and that goes against their rules.
I still have to explain to them that some of those credit hours come from a different university.	I still have to explain to them that some of those credit hours come from a different university.
Hopefully, that will help me.	Hopefully, that will help me.
Otherwise, I will have enough money this coming semester:(	Otherwise, I won't have enough money this coming semester:(
My friend's birthday	My friend's birthday
Tomorrow is my friend's birthday.	Tomorrow is my friend's birthday.
I'm going to buy him a cake and sing the happy birthday song for him.	I'm going to buy him a cake and sing "Happy Birthday" to him.
I would like to cook something for him but I do not know what he likes.	I would like to cook something for him but I do not know what he likes.
I wonder if I should take him out to dinner instead =/	I wonder if I should take him out to dinner instead =/
Korean	Korean
I want to learn conversational Korean.	I want to learn conversational Korean.
I do not want to learn how to write Korean.	I do not want to learn how to write Korean.
I'm going to try to find some Korean people to chat with.	I'm going to try to find some Korean people to chat with.
I hope it works =)	I hope it works =)
Teacher Job Fair	Teacher Job Fair
Tomorrow I will go to a Teacher Job Fair.	Tomorrow I will go to a Teacher Job Fair.
It is a big event and pre-screening job interviews will take place there.	It is a big event and pre-screening job interviews will take place there.
I will go and do my best so they give me an official job interview.	I will go and do my best so they give me an official job interview. I think it was fine as it was. If anything, you could say "so that they give me..."
I have read and practice possible interview questions.	I have read and practice possible interview questions.
However, I am very shy and my personal skills are not the best.	However, I am very shy and my personal skills are not the best.
Also, my English starts to break down when I am nervous.	Also, my English starts to break down when I am nervous.
I will try not to think about it right now.	I will try not to think about it right now.
Wish me luck.	Wish me luck.
French	French
I am getting more free time these days and I feel like resuming my language learning.	I have more free time these days, and I feel like resuming my language learning.
I want to continue studying Portuguese.	I want to continue studying Portuguese.
Also, I want to learn French.	Also, I want to learn French.
I just took my first lesson in Langq.	I just took my first lesson in Langq.
I hope I learn something :).	I hope I learn something :).
It's 7 am	It's 7 am
Today is Saturday and I decided to wake up at 7 am.	Today is Saturday and I decided to wake up at 7 am.
The reason is simple.	The reason is simple.
I have been on vacation for almost three weeks now.	I have been on vacation for almost three weeks now.
I have been going to bed and waking up very late.	I have been going to bed and waking up very late.
On Monday, I will start going to an Elementary School from 7am to 3pm every day	On Monday, I will start going to an Elementary School from 7am to 3pm every day.
It's been a long time since I had such a schedule.	It's been a long time since I had such a schedule.
In Colombia, I used to wake up at 5 am and go back to bed at around 9 or 10 pm almost every day.	In Colombia, I used to wake up at 5am and go to bed at around 9 or 10 pm almost every day. 
When I came to the United States my schedule changed.	When I came to the United States my schedule changed.
I have become acostumed to sleeping a lot and I am having troubles going back to being a morning person.	I have become accustomed to sleeping a lot and I am having trouble going back to being a morning person. Would sound slightly better to me with 'I became accustomed to sleeping a lot and now I am having troubles going back...' as the previous sentence was in the simple past tense too, but just a suggestion.
Tomorrow (Sunday), I will wake up at 6 am.	Tomorrow (Sunday), I will wake up at 6 am.
I cannot wait...	I cannot wait...
not really.	not really.
today	today
I want to do something different today.	I want to do something different today.
I usually stay home and use the internet all day.	I usually stay at home and use the internet all day.
sometimes I play dance dance revolution.	sometimes I play dance dance revolution.
However, today I want to do something different.	However, today I want to do something different.
I do not have idea what to do differently though =/	I do not have any idea what to do differently though =/
I do not have idea what to do differently though =/	I have no idea what to do differently though =/
Music in Other Languages	Music in Other Languages
I remember those year in high school when I did not know English.	I remember those years in high school when I did not know English.
I always thought it was cool to be able to understand other languages.	I always thought it was cool to be able to understand other languages.
I spent hours listening to songs in English, finding their lyrics, translating them, and try to sing them.	I spent hours listening to songs in English, finding their lyrics, translating them, and trying to sing them.
I thought music was better when it was a challenge.	I thought music was better when it was a challenge.
Now, I think music in English or Spanish is OK.	Now, I think music in English or Spanish is just OK.
However, my interest has shifted towards other languages.	However, my interest has shifted towards other languages.
Now, I spend hours trying to sing along with Korean and Chinese songs.	Now, I spend hours trying to sing along with Korean and Chinese songs.
I can read and pronounce the romanized lyrics but I do not know what I am saying most of the time.	I can read and pronounce the romanized lyrics, but I do not know what I am saying most of the time.
I find very funny that what I am looking for is otherness.	I find it very funny that what I am looking for is otherness.
I find very funny that what I am looking for is otherness.	I find it very funny that what I am looking for is something foreign.
I think I fall into the trap of exoticizing other languages.	I think I fall into the trap of romanticizing other languages.
Anyway, that is what motivates me to investigate other languages and cultures.	Anyway, that is what motivates me to investigate other languages and cultures.
DDR (Dance Dance Revolution)	DDR (Dance Dance Revolution)
I love to dance.	I love to dance.
Recently I bought the DDR game for nintendo Wii.	Recently I bought the DDR game for nintendo Wii.
I have so much fun with it.	I have so much fun with it.
Daily I spend 30 minutes to an hour dancing different songs.	Every day I spend 30 minutes to an hour dancing different songs.
I do not think that this game is similar to dancing but it is closer to aerobics.	I do not think that this game is similar to dancing but it is closer to aerobics.
Whenever you search for this game online you will find videos of people playing this game as professionals.	Whenever you search for this game online you will find videos of people playing this game as professionals.
I'm not that good but I do enjoy it to the fullest.	I'm not that good but I do enjoy it to the fullest.
letter	letter
Dear Ms.	Dear Ms.
P:	P:
I am applying for a Spanish teaching position in the M district.	I am applying for a Spanish teaching position in the M district.
One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school I am currently teaching.	One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school I am currently teaching at.
One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school I am currently teaching.	One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school I am currently teaching at.
One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school I am currently teaching.	One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school where I am currently teaching. 
At the present, I am acquiring student teaching experience with Ms.	I am currently acquiring student teaching experience with Ms.
At the present, I am acquiring student teaching experience with Ms.	At the present moment, I am acquiring student teaching experience with Ms.
E at your school.	E at your school.
I am teaching kindergarten, first, second, and third grade levels.	I am teaching kindergarten, first, second, and third grade .
Also, I am helping choreograph the 3rd grade dance for “Cinco de mayo” celebration.	I am also helping choreograph the 3rd grade dance for the “Cinco de mayo” celebration.
Also, I am helping choreograph the 3rd grade dance for “Cinco de mayo” celebration.	I am also helping to choreograph the third grade dance for the “Cinco de mayo” celebration.
Please find attached the letter of recommendation that Ms.	Please look at the attached letter of recommendation that Ms.
Please find attached the letter of recommendation that Ms.	Please find attached the letter of recommendation that Ms. This sentence sounds best as it is.
E wrote for me.	E wrote for me.
This may give you a better idea of my experience at MES.	It may give you a better idea of my experience at MES.
Thank you so much for letting me have such a wonderful teaching experience with Ms.	Thank you so much for letting me have such a great teaching experience with Ms.
E and her wonderful students.	E and her wonderful students.
Sincerely,	Sincerely,
L	L
The 8 dumbest car stealers or the 8 most stupid car thiefs	The 8 dumbest car stealers or the 8 most stupid car thiefs
8.	8.
Was he committed?	Was he committed?
Yes.	Yes.
Was he smart?	Was he smart?
No.	No.
Carjacking is the serious crime that consists of taking a vehicle when it is in possession of another person.	Carjacking is the serious crime that consists of taking a vehicle when it is in possession of another person.
According to federal law, who commits this crime can receive a sentence up to 15 years in jail if they are found guilty.	According to federal law, those who commit this crime can receive a sentence up to 15 years in jail if they are found guilty.
We can say that Tyrone Davis’ problem was not his firm character, but the lack of focus.	We can say that Tyrone Davis’ problem was not his strong character, but the lack of focus.
After all, he had two long weeks robbing two stores, entering a house, assaulting a 41 year old woman that lived there and then stealing her car in December of 2006.	After all, he had two long weeks robbing two stores, entering a house, assaulting a 41 year old woman that lived there and then stealing her car in December of 2006. Could possibly be 'breaking and entering into a house' though maybe he just walked in - in which case what you have is perfect.
We have not even mentioned what brought him to our list.	We have not even mentioned what brought him to our list. Other suggestions which could be a slight improvement - 'Earned him a place on our list', 'made him worthy of inclusion on our list'
He was trying to escape from the Titusville police and he crashed his Dodge Shadow 1992 against the curb.	He was trying to escape from the Titusville police and he crashed his Dodge Shadow 1992 against the curb.
Then, Davis, with a knife on his hand, tried to steal a Saab that was stopped at an intersection.	Then, Davis, with a knife in his hand, tried to steal a Saab that was stopped at an intersection. You can also just say 'with knife in hand' - this, strangely, is correct English too.
He could only grab the door handle before the driver stepped on the gas pedal in order to flee.	He could only grab the door handle before the driver stepped on the gas pedal in order to flee.
However, the driver drove fast with Davis still hanging from the door handle.	However, the driver drove fast with Davis still hanging from the door handle.
Next, in a display of dedication that almost deserves praise if it was not so stupid, David kept on grabbing the door handle for several blocks and at speeds up to 45 miles per hour.	Next, in a display of dedication that almost deserves praise despite its stupidity, David held onto the door handle for several blocks and at speeds up to 45 miles per hour.
In fact, Davis only let the handle go when he was tackled by a police officer.	In fact, Davis only let the handle go when he was tackled by a police officer. 'Davis only let go of the handle'
Hello everyone,	Hello everyone,
I'm back from Colombia after spending a month and five days with my family and friends.	I'm back from Colombia after spending a month and five days with my family and friends.
I had a great time and spent a lot of quality time with my favorite people.	I had a great time and spent a lot of quality time with my favorite people.
Saying goodbye was difficult.	Saying goodbye was difficult.
I could not stop myself from crying when I said goodbye to my grandmother.	I could not stop myself from crying when I said goodbye to my grandmother.
That was heart breaking.	That was heart breaking.
My mom and I tried to be calm when I left.	My mom and I tried to be calm when I left.
However, I know we both were very sad.	However, I know we both were very sad.
Hopefully, I don't have to wait two more years before I see them again.	Hopefully, I don't have to wait two more years before I see them again.
Anyways, I had a good time with my friends from the National University of Colombia.	Anyways, I had a good time with my friends from the National University of Colombia.
Also, I hanged out with my high school friends and they only wanted me to get drunk.	Also, I hung out with my high school friends and they only wanted me to get drunk.
It was great that even though we did not kept in touch too much, we could have fun the same way we used to.	It was great that even though we did not keep in touch too much, we could have fun the same way we used to.
I had a good time but it was time to come back to my normal life.	I had a good time but it was time to come back to my normal life.
I don't want to live in Colombia and I have a good life here in the States.	I don't want to live in Colombia and I have a good life here in the States.
Sometimes, you can't have everything at the same time.	Sometimes, you can't have everything at the same time.
I finally got a job and I'll be teaching Spanish to six graders.	I finally got a job and I'll be teaching Spanish to six graders.
I'm so excited!	I'm so excited!
It is 2 am	It is 2 am
I am flying to NY state today.	I am flying to NY state today.
I have to wake up at 6 am but I cannot sleep.	I have to wake up at 6 am but I cannot sleep.
I feel uneasy.	I feel uneasy.
I hope I have a good time there.	I hope I have a good time there.
Lately, it has been difficult to enjoy myself.	Lately, it has been difficult to enjoy myself.
I really do not know how to express what I am feeling right now.	I really do not know how to express what I am feeling right now.
Actually, I do not want to say it.	Actually, I do not want to say it.
I do not even know why I started to write this journal in the first place.	I do not even know why I started to write this journal in the first place.
Good night.	Good night.
1st Translation	1st Translation
Central American women are more and more determined to break with what feminist tend to call "Chains of Silence", overcoming old fears and speak against the constant complain, "machista aggression." This phenomena has left in the open the drama and hell, the product of abuse and discrimination that dozens of women have tolerated in their homes, working places and even centers of teaching for years in this region.	Central American women are more and more determined to break with what feminists tend to call "Chains of Silence", overcoming old fears to speak against the constant complaint, "machista aggression." This phenomena has left in the open the drama and hell, the product of abuse and discrimination that dozens of women have tolerated in their homes, working places and even centers of teaching for years in this region.
My Two Cats	My Two Cats
My cats are the cutest one-year old kitties ever.	My cats are the cutest one-year old kittens ever.
I have had so much fun having them almost for a year.	I have had so much fun having them for almost a year.
I love them very much.	I love them very much.
However, they get somewhat annoying at night.	HHowever, they get somewhat annoying at night.
My Mia (the one in my profile picture) is very talkative.	My Mia (the one in my profile picture) is very talkative.
Sometimes she just makes noises very early in the morning.	Sometimes she makes noises very early in the morning.
She also tries to sleep on my chest while I sleep.	She also tries to sleep on my chest while I am sleeping.
I try to avoid this and do not let her walk on me.	I try to avoid this and do not let her walk on me.
However, sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night with her sleeping on me	However, sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night to find her sleeping on me.
She is very difficult to correct.	She is very difficult to discipline.
My other cat is more silent.	My other cat is more silent. Maybe 'calmer' 'quieter' or 'less energetic' 
He only likes to scratch thing, which can be also very annoying.	However, he likes to scratch things, which can also be very annoying.
At night, they wake me up at least four times- when I'm lucky.	They wake me up at least four times every night- when I'm lucky.
I guess this is the price I have to pay for having such cute animals.	I guess this is the price I have to pay for having such cute animals.
I am on vacation	I am on vacation
I had my three finals today and it was actually a nice day.	I had my three finals today and it was actually a nice day.
I accomplished all I had planned for today and I did not get as stressed as I usually get.	I accomplished all I had planned for today and I did not get as stressed as I usually get.
Now I can rest and do whatever I feel like for a couple of weeks.	Now I can rest and do whatever I feel like for a couple of weeks.
Nice!	Nice!
Hi Native English Speakers	Hi Native English Speakers
I am looking for one native English Speaker to help me with my homework.	I am looking for one native English Speaker to help me with my homework.
I know that if you want your texts check you need to write short paragraphs but now I need to write longer.	I know that if you want your texts check you need to write short paragraphs but now I need to write longer.
I am looking for a Lang-8 friends who are willing to correct long texts.	I am looking for a Lang-8 friends who are willing to correct long texts.
Please help me.	Please help me.
Taiwanese Married Couples.	Taiwanese Married Couples.
Does anybody know if Taiwanese married couples exchange wedding rings?	Does anybody know if Taiwanese married couples exchange wedding rings?
and If they do, do they wear them all the time?	and If they do, do they wear them all the time?
Thank you.	Thank you.
The concert	The concert
I went to the concert with my friend.	I went to the concert with my friend.
It was such a hot day today.	It was such a hot day today.
We arrive to the place at 5pm.	We arrived at the place at 5pm.
They opened the doors at 6pm.	They opened the doors at 6pm.
By that time I had sweated way too much.	By that time I had sweated way too much.
But I still had 4 more hours to go.	But I still had 4 more hours to go.
The first band that play was really bad.	The first band that played was really bad.
The second, Dirty Heads, was really cool.	The second, Dirty Heads, was really cool.
At this time it rained, which was great because that cooled us off.	By this time it was raining, which was great because that cooled us off.
The third singer was Matisyahu.	The third singer was Matisyahu.
He is a great singer but his songs were a little slow.	He is a great singer but his songs were a little slow.
We had to wait a long time for Sublime to come out.	We had to wait a long time for Sublime to come out.
The equipment was wet and they had to do a lot of preparations.	The equipment was wet and they had to do a lot of preparations.
Finally, Sublime played but I was tired already.	Finally, Sublime played but I was tired already.
I was a good concert but I need better endurance in the future.	I was a good concert but I need better endurance in the future.
Now I am so tired!!	Now I am so tired!!
To brush shoulders	To brush shoulders
I have to translate the phrase "To brush shoulders" into Spanish but I do not really know what this even means.	I have to translate the phrase "To brush shoulders" into Spanish but I do not really know what this even means.
I looked for the meaning and I did not find it in any dictionary.	I looked for the meaning and I did not find it in any dictionary.
Can you help me with the definition?	Can you help me with the definition?
Thanks	Thanks
Skype	Skype
I have notice that some people like to use Skype in this webpage.	I have noticed that some people like to use Skype in this website.
I would like to talk to someone using Skype.	I would like to talk to someone using Skype.
I think I rather chat in Spanish though.	I think would I rather chat in Spanish though.
We'll see.	We'll see.
Snow Day!	Snow Day!
It does not really snow in Atlanta.	It does not really snow in Atlanta.
During Winter, you might see one day of snow.	During winter, you might see one day of snow.
This city is not ready for snow and when it happens the city closes down.	This city is not prepared for snow so when it happens the city closes down.
That happened last night and the city is closed today.	That happened last night and so the city is closed today.
Today was supposed to be my first day teaching full time in an Elementary school for my student teaching.	Today was supposed to be my first day teaching full-time in an Elementary School for my student teaching. I think either capitals for both 'Elementary' and 'School' or no capital for either - probably can go either way for this though.
After that I had a meeting with my professor to get instructions.	After that I had a meeting with my professor to get instructions.
However, last night everything was officially closed.	However, last night everything was officially closed.
Therefore, I got an extra day of vacation.	Therefore, I got an extra day of vacation.
I do not know how the weather conditions are going to be tomorrow.	I do not know how the weather conditions are going to be tomorrow.
I am sure we will have class.	I am sure we will have class.
Funny cultural fact.	Here is a funny cultural fact:
In Atlanta you can not buy alcohol on Sunday.	In Atlanta you can not buy alcohol on Sunday.
Last night, I could read in social networks how desperate many people were because they did not buy enough alcohol on Saturday, they had to be without alcohol all Sunday and probably Monday too.	Last night, I read in social networks how desperate many people were because they did not buy enough alcohol on Saturday, they had to do without alcohol all Sunday and probably Monday too.
It is good that I do not drink :) 	It is good that I do not drink :) 
Christmas in Colombia	Christmas in Colombia
In Colombia, we celebrate Christmas on the 24th.	In Colombia, we celebrate Christmas on the 24th.
The gifts are opened at midnight and every one is hungover for the 25th.	The gifts are opened at midnight and everyone is hungover on the 25th.
Christmas is very different from the way the US celebrates it.	Christmas is very different from the way the US celebrates it.
My family was very poor and I lived in a small town.	My family was very poor and we lived in a small town.
My mom was a dress maker.	My mom was a dressmaker. 
Our tradition is that on the 24th, you were new clothes, go to church and party like crazy.	Our tradition is that on the 24th, you wear new clothes, go to church and party like crazy.
I was the happiest little girl wearing my new outfits.	I was the happiest little girl wearing my new outfits.
I would also get a new outfit for New Year's Eve and that would be the two only new outfits I would get for the rest of the year.	I would also get a new outfit for New Year's Eve and those would be the only two new outfits I would get for the rest of the year.
Santa Clause did not gave us presents.	Santa Clause did not give us presents.
That guy was only in movies.	That guy was only in movies.
We got presents from Baby Jesus.	We got presents from Baby Jesus.
However, my mom used to tell me that since Baby Jesus was so poor and he lived in a stable, he did not have money for a gift that year.	However, my mom used to tell me that since Baby Jesus was so poor and he lived in a stable, he did not have money for a gift that year.
It was not important if I did not get a gift because my cousins did so we would play with their toys in the 25th.	It was not important if I did not get a gift, because my cousins did, so we would play with their toys on the 25th.
The 24th was only work for my mother .	The 24th meant only work for my mother .
Many people asked her to make new clothes for that night but they payed her during the next year.	Many people asked her to make new clothes for that night, but they paid her during the following year.
Then, my mom used the sewing machine until 11:30pm.	So, my mom would have to use the sewing machine until 11:30 at night. It's a little bit formal to use am or pm in such an informal narrative.
At 11:30, she would say "Feliz Navidad" to us and hide because she hated to interact with so many people.	At 11:30, she would say "Feliz Navidad" to us and hide because she hated interacting with so many people.
For the rest of the neighborhood, people would dance, drink and eat the whole night.	The rest of the neighborhood would dance, drink and eat the whole night.
When it was midnight, everyone would go from house to house to say "Feliz Navidad" with a kiss and a hug.	When it was midnight, everyone would go from house to house to say "Feliz Navidad" with a kiss and a hug.
Without exaggerating, everyone would kiss and hug at least 40 people from midnight to 1am.	Seriously, everyone would kiss and hug at least 40 people from midnight to 1am.
The next day, the 25th, was for people to sleep all they wanted and cure their hungover.	The next day, the 25th, was for people to sleep all they wanted and get over their hungover.
For that, some families went to the pool or the river and cook grilled meet or make a delicious Sancocho.	For that, some families would go to the pool or the river and cook grilled meat or make a delicious sancocho.
I am not sure if I miss all that.	I am not sure if I miss all that.
It was always very intense.	It was always very intense.
However, my Colombians friends will be in a big party tonight while I will be going out for dinner and going to the movies.	However, my Colombian friends will be at a big party tonight while I will be going out for dinner and going to the movies.
School	School
I have been out of the loop.	I have been out of the loop.
I have been a little busy and I have not written or corrected much lately.	I have been a little busy and I have not written nor corrected much lately.
I have been a little busy and I have not written or corrected much lately.	I have been a little busy and I have neither written nor corrected much lately.
I am having my mid-semester attitude.	I am having my mid-semester attitude.
I am a little stressed.	I am a little stressed.
It is Sunday night and I do not want the week to begin.	It is Sunday night and I do not want the week to begin.
Micro-teach 	Micro-teach 
Today I prepared an activity for my Spanish II classes.	Today I prepared an activity for my Spanish II classes.
I made them solve a vocabulary puzzle some of them were really into the activity.	I made them solve a vocabulary puzzle. Some of them were really into the activity.
That was great.	That was great.
I spent a lot of time making that puzzle so I was glad most of them liked it.	I spent a lot of time making that puzzle so I was glad most of them liked it.
I'm really liking this Teaching Practicum.	I'm really liking this Teaching Practicum.
ummhh	ummhh
I have to write a long journal for my class and I do not know anyone to proofread my paper.	I have to write a long journal for my class and I do not know anyone to proofread my paper.
Last night	Last night
I thought I had to stay home last night but I ended up going out after all.	I thought I had to stay home last night but I ended up going out after all.
I was a little moody but after talking to some friends and drinking a little everything was fine =)	I was a little moody but after talking to some friends and drinking a little everything was fine =)
3rd Grade Students	3rd Grade Students
I was teaching "near/cerca" and "far/lejos" to my 3rd grade students.	I was teaching "near/cerca" and "far/lejos" to my 3rd grade students.
I called a boy and a girl to the front and ask them to get near each other.	I called a boy and a girl to the front and asked them to get close to each other.
The rest of the class said "She said you should kiss".	The rest of the class said "She said you should kiss!".
The rest of the class said "She said you should kiss".	The rest of the class said, "She said you should kiss!" 
I said "Get close but no kissing please".	I said "Get close, but no kissing please!".
I said "Get close but no kissing please".	I said, "Get close, but no kissing please!" 
Wow, is this what third grade students have already in their minds?	Wow, is this what third grade students already have in their minds? This word order sounds more natural to me.
I'm surprised.	I'm surprised.
Ha, ha.	Ha, ha.
Parties	Parties
My social life is not that exciting.	My social life is not that exciting.
I usually stay home during the weekends and during the week I study very hard.	I usually stay home during the weekends and during the week I study very hard.
However, next Friday (November 5th) I was invited by two people to their houses	However, next Friday (November 5th) I was invited by two people to their houses.
The first person was a friend from school who already graduated.	The first person was a friend from school who already graduated.
She invited me to stay at her house and drink with some other ex classmates.	She invited me to stay at her house and drink with some other ex classmates.
It sounded very fun so I say that it was very likely that I would be there.	It sounded very fun so I said that it was very likely that I would be there.
However, a German friend is leaving for a couple of months and she just sent me an e-mail inviting me to her farewell party.	However, a German friend is leaving for a couple of months and she just sent me an e-mail inviting me to her farewell party.
I would really like to go to both places but they are very far so I have to cancel one.	I would really like to go to both places but they are too far apart so I have to cancel one.
I will go to the farewell party because I feel bad not going.	I will go to the farewell party because I feel bad not going.
Sadly, I will have to cancel my girl's nigh out with my school friends.	Sadly, I will have to cancel my girl's night out with my school friends.
Hopefully, we will be able to party together again.	Hopefully, we will be able to party together again.
I just wish this two events were not in the same day.	I just wish these two events were not on the same day.
Teaching	Teaching
I just finished 25-page project on different ways to teach three topics.	I just finished a 25-page project on different ways to teach three topics.
I wrote about many ways in which students can learn the same thing by using visuals, language, space/drawing, movement, music, interpersonal and intrapersonal communication, and nature.	I wrote about the many ways in which students can learn the same thing by using visuals, language, space/drawing, movement, music, interpersonal and intrapersonal communication, and nature.
Those are the so called "Multiple Intelligences".	Those are the so-called "Multiple Intelligences".
This theory has some flaws but I think that it makes classes more engaging.	This theory has some flaws but I think that it makes classes more engaging.
I also include different ways in which cultural products and practices can be included in the classroom.	I also included different ways in which cultural products and practices can be taught in the classroom.
I am starting to think that the elementary school level is the level that suits my personality better.	I am starting to think that the elementary school level is the level that suits my personality better.
I love including dancing, singing and other arts in the classroom.	I love including dancing, singing and other arts in the classroom.
Also, I am a very shy person normally but when I am teaching my outgoing side easily comes out.	Also, I am a very shy person normally but when I am teaching my outgoing side easily comes out.
I really hope I can find a job in this level.	I really hope I can find a job in this level of schooling.
I'm drunk	I'm drunk
It has been a while since I got drunk.	It had been a while since I got drunk, but
I went to a reggae concert and it was inevitable.	I went to a reggae concert and it was inevitable.
I have not written anything lately because I have done nothing.	I have not written anything lately because I have done nothing.
However, soon I will be home and even if I do nothing it will fell like something.	However, soon I will be home and even if I do nothing it will fell like something.
Take care.	Take care.
Laura	Laura
Done	Done
I gave my last presentation and it seems like there is going to be a graduation :)	I gave my last presentation and it seems like there is going to be a graduation :)
Cooking day	Cooking day
Today I made sushi and baked a pineapple cake.	Today I made sushi and baked a pineapple cake.
I actually hate cooking.	I actually hate cooking.
I rather do cleaning than cooking.	I would rather clean than cook.
However, today I felt like preparing food.	However, today I felt like preparing food.
I wish I was more patient and knew more recipes to make.	I wish I was more patient and knew more recipes.
I guess I will start cooking little by little.	I guess I will start cooking little by little.
I may end up linking it.	I may end up liking it.
How do you say "driving a car"	How do you say "driving a car"
Um ano atrás eu aprendi como lidar.	Um ano atrás eu aprendi como lidar.
Ainda me dá medo identificador para lugares que visitar não seguidos.	Ainda me dá medo identificador para lugares que visitar não seguidos.
Apesar de que a prática não pode perder o medo.	Apesar de que a prática não pode perder o medo.
Recentemente travar meu carro em um estacionamento.	Recentemente travar meu carro em um estacionamento.
Espero melhorar em breve = P 	Espero melhorar em breve = P 
Today	Today
I'm feeling pretty today.	I'm feeling pretty today.
That does not happen often.	That does not happen often.
I'm wearing my favorite red dress and I'm wearing some make-up.	I'm wearing my favourite red dress and I'm wearing some make-up.
It feels good to take care of yourself =)	It feels good to take care of yourself =)
Pool	Pool
I'm on a break right now.	I'm on a break right now.
I looked for a job but I did not find one.	I looked for a job but I did not find one.
So, I stay home most of the time.	So I stay home most of the time.
Today, I'm going to the pool to exercise.	Today, I'm going to the pool to exercise.
I hope I have fun even though I'm by my self =)	I hope I have fun even though I'm by myself =)
Car accident	Car accident
Last night I had my first car accident.	Last night I got in my first car accident.
I am alright and the other driver is OK too.	I am alright and the other driver is OK too.
My car got hit on the right side and the insurance company it is going to repair it.	My car got hit on the right side and the insurance company is going to repair it.
I got really scared when the accident happened.	I was really scared when the accident happened.
I could not speak for a while after that.	I could not speak for a while after that. 
Subbing	Subbing
Today is my last day of vacation and instead of spending it like I wanted- cleaning,cooking or exercising.	Today is my last day of vacation and instead of spending it like I wanted : cleaning,cooking or exercising.
I spent hours in a website that I usually visit a lot.	I spent hours on a website that I usually visit a lot.
I spent hours in a website that I usually visit a lot.	I spent hours in a website that I usually visit a lot.
I am really into Asian dramas because I am sick and tired of Latin soap operas.	I am really into Asian dramas because I am sick and tired of Latin soap operas.
When I watch this TV shows at least I am learning about a different culture.	When I watch these TV shows at least I am learning about a different culture.
This website uploads the videos from different Asian shows and a group of volunteers write subtitles.	This website uploads the videos from different Asian shows and a group of volunteers write subtitles.
So I was watching the drama I was interested in and I realized that the Spanish subs were not even started.	So I was watching the drama I was interested in and I realized that the Spanish subs had not even started.
So I was watching the drama I was interested in and I realized that the Spanish subs were not even started.	So I was watching the drama I was interested in and I realized that the Spanish subs were not available.
There were also comments of people who needed the Spanish subtitles.	There were also comments of people who need the Spanish subtitles.
There were also comments of people who needed the Spanish subtitles.	There were also comments from people who needed the Spanish subtitles.
So I looked around and found out how to be part of the volunteer subbers and I did it.	So I looked around and found out how to be part of the volunteer subbers and I did it.
Now I really appreciate the hard work of those volunteers.	Now I really appreciate the hard work of those volunteers.
That job takes hours.	That job takes hours.
I had a good time because I love translating but it is very time-consuming.	I had a good time because I love translating but it is very time-consuming.
Colombia	Colombia
I'm going to Colombia to visit.	I'm going to visit Colombia .
My first stop will be Bogota, the capital city.	My first stop will be Bogota, the capital city.
My mother is going to meet me there and we'll stay at my sister's house.	My mother is going to meet me there and we'll stay at my sister's house.
I'm so excited and I can't wait.	I'm so excited and can't wait.
I hope I have a safe and quick trip :)	I hope to have a safe and quick trip :)
Today is the day	Today is the day
I will finally graduate and some relatives are visiting right now.	I will finally graduate and some relatives are visiting right now.
Cool.	Cool.
Underwear	Underwear
I bought underwear today.	I bought underwear today.
I was really happy because I found the type of thongs that I like for a really good price.	I was really happy because I found the type of thongs that I like for a really good price.
I was so excited that I did not check the sizes very well and I ended up buying 3 different sizes.	I was so excited that I did not check the sizes and I ended up buying 3 different sizes.
I bought an XS, M and L and only one fits.	I bought an XS, M and L and only one fits.
So sad =( At least, they were not expensive.	So sad =( At least they were not expensive.
Awake at 3am	Awake at 3 am
I usually sleep for 7 hours or so.	I usually sleep for 7 hours or so.
Now that I wake up early, I am usually very tired by 10 or 11 pm.	Now that I wake up early, I am usually very tired by 10 or 11 pm.
However, last night I was not very sleepy.	However, last night I was not very sleepy.
Still I went to bed at 10:30pm thinking that It would be difficult to wake up the next morning.	Still, I went to bed at 10:30, thinking that it would be difficult to wake up the next morning.
However, I woke up at 3 am and I could not go back to sleep.	However, I woke up at 3 am and I could not get back to sleep.
The good part is that I am not feeling tired.	The good part is that I am not feeling tired.
The bad part is that I might be exhausted by the end of the day.	The bad part is that I might be exhausted by the end of the day.
Hopefully that does not happen by the time I am driving back home.	Hopefully that does not happen while I'm driving back home.
Hopefully that does not happen by the time I am driving back home.	Hopefully that doesn't happen while I am driving home.
This is not a surprise to me.	This is nothing new for me.
From time to time, I have trouble sleeping.	From time to time, I have trouble sleeping.
However, it had been a long time since the last time I could not sleep well.	However, it had been a long time since I could sleep well.
Oh, how I envy sleepy heads!	Oh, how I envy sleepyheads!
(Ha, ha)	(Ha, ha)
Florida	Florida
I'm in Florida right now for Thanksgiving break.	I'm in Florida right now for Thanksgiving break.
Yesterday I went to the beach.	Yesterday I went to the beach.
It had been a year since the last time I went and the last time was very cold.	It had been a year since the last time I went and the last time was very cold.
Yesterday was the opposite.	Yesterday was the opposite.
It was a beautiful day.	It was a beautiful day.
I enjoyed getting dry by the sun while looking at a beautiful blue sky.	I enjoyed getting dry by the sun while looking at a beautiful blue sky. 'Getting dry by the sun' sounds a little odd. Maybe 'sunbaking', 'sitting in the sun', or even 'soaking up the sunshine'.
It was very relaxing.	It was very relaxing.
I'm back	I'm back
Hi, I haven't written journals recently but I hope I do it more often now.	Hi, I haven't written journals recently but I hope I do it more often now.
I have decided that I am going to publish my picture and show my real name.	I have decided that I am going to publish my picture and show my real name.
I do not want to hide anymore :)	I do not want to hide anymore :)
They Stole Two Cows and Put “Boots” on Them to not Leave a Trace.	They Stole Two Cows and Put “Boots” on Them to not Leave a Trace.
Bucarest, Rumania.	Bucarest, Romania.
A gang of four Rumanians put rubber boots on two cows that they had stolen so the police would not follow the trace of their footsteps but they were denounced by a pig.	A gang of four Romanians put rubber boots on two cows that they had stolen so the police would not follow the trace of their footsteps but they were denounced by a pig.
The gang consisted of three man form the city of Burila Mare, who robbed during the night a stable located in the town of Hinova.	The gang consisted of three man form the city of Burila Mare, who robbed during the night a stable located in the town of Hinova. Slightly better would be 'who robbed a stable during the night' or 'who, during the night, robbed a stable'
The cow’s owner, identified as Mioara Fratila, quickly called the police.	The cow’s owner, identified as Mioara Fratila, quickly called the police.
“When I woke up in the morning to feed my animals they were all gone.	“When I woke up in the morning to feed my animals they were all gone.
They just disappeared”, said the victim who added “There were only boot’s marks but I closely looked at them and I found some pig footsteps.”	They just disappeared”, said the victim who added “There were only boot marks but I looked closely at them and I found some pig footprints.”
The police traced the 14 footsteps over 30 kilometers and arrested the three delinquents for stealing.	The police traced the 14 footprints over 30 kilometers and arrested the three delinquents for stealing.
After the incident, Fratila explained why they were caught “It seems that they did not find anything that put on the little piggy.”  	After the incident, Fratila explained why they were caught “It seems that they did not find anything that fit on the little piggy.” Or 'to put' 
FC Barcelona	FC Barcelona
I like soccer a lot.	I like soccer a lot.
I am a fan of the soccer team of Barcelona.	I am a fan of Barcelona's soccer team.
Last year, they won all the prizes they could.	Last year, they won all the prizes they could.
It's a shame that stadium tickets are very expensive.	It's a shame that stadium tickets are very expensive.
If you watch a soccer match of Barcelona, you will enjoy the best soccer team in the new century.	If you watch a soccer match of Barcelona, you will enjoy the best soccer team of the new century.
If you watch a soccer match of Barcelona, you will enjoy the best soccer team in the new century.	If you watch one of their soccer matches, you will enjoy the best soccer team in the new century.
I am surprised!!	I am surprised!!
Today I did a English test.	Today I took an English test.
Today I did a English test.	Today I took an English test.
Today I did a English test.	Today I took an English test.
It contained many questions and four answer for each of them.	It contained many questions and four answers for each of the questions.
It contained many questions and four answer for each of them.	It contained many questions and each have options of four answers to choose from.
It contained many questions and four answer for each of them.	It contained many questions and each have options of four answers to choose from.
I answered all questions and to my surprise the result that threw it was: "your level is 4.	I answered all the questions and to my surprise the result that threw it was: "your level is 4.
I answered all questions and to my surprise the result that threw it was: "your level is 4.	After completing the test, to my surprise, the result came out saying: "your level is 4.
I answered all questions and to my surprise the result that threw it was: "your level is 4.	After completing the test, to my surprise, the result came out saying: your level is 4.
Intermediate" I couldn't believe it!!.	Intermediate." I couldn't believe it!!.
I say this because I know I have some skills in English but I need very practical I have little practical with its and I need do it frequently for develop my skills in that language.	I say this because I know I have some skills in English, but I need more practice and I need do it frequently to develop my skills in that language.
I say this because I know I have some skills in English but I need very practical I have little practical with its and I need do it frequently for develop my skills in that language.	I say this because I know I have some skills in English but I need more practice and I need do it frequently to develop my skills in that language.
I'm sure this isn't my general level of Enlish because it only measured my writting comprehension.	I'm sure this isn't my general level English because it only measured my writing skills .
I'm sure this isn't my general level of Enlish because it only measured my writting comprehension.	I'm sure this isn't my general level English because it only measured my writting skills.
Its don't measured my speaking level nor my listening level bus this result can be useful for motivate to continue improving my English  Every Day; Im sure of this!	It didn`t measure my speaking nor my listening abilities, but this result can be useful to motivate me continue improving my English everyday. I`m sure of this.
Its don't measured my speaking level nor my listening level bus this result can be useful for motivate to continue improving my English  Every Day; Im sure of this!	It didn't measured my speaking nor my listening abilities but this result can be useful to motivate me continue improving my English everyday; Im sure of this.
Regards to my dears readers!	Regards to my dear readers!
Time to read	Time to read
I like to work, i really like it, but some times, i feel that i'm so in to my job, that i don't have enough time to do what i really love.	I like to work; I really like it, but sometimes, I feel that I'm so into my job, that I don't have enough time to do what I really love.
I read some times in the bus, but is not always a good experience, it moves a lot, i fel dizzy and I have to stop reading when I have to get off, not when i want to.	I read sometimes on the bus, but it is not always a good experience. It moves a lot, I feel dizzy and I have to stop reading when I have to get off, not when I want to.
I have the most beautiful book in my hands and I've been waiting the wrtight time to read it, my boyfriend gave it to me in october, is february now and i only had red ten pages.	I have the most beautiful book in my hands and I've been waiting for the right time to read it. My boyfriend gave it to me in October. It is February now, and I have only read ten pages.
I felt sad today, I have to make time to read.	I felt sad today. I have to make time to read.
20.3.2010	20.3.2010
...	...
I wrote a long e mail for him, now I have to wait and I feel that very soon I will go nuts.	I wrote a long e mail for him, now I have to wait and I feel that very soon I will go nuts.
Waiting for an answer is not what i want to do this saturday.	Waiting for an answer is not what i want to do this saturday.
What i would prefere is to read and do the art that i like in my diary.	What i would prefere is to read and do the art that i like in my diary.
May be eat that cheese with white wine that we ate yersterday.	May be eat that cheese with white wine that we ate yersterday.
Perhaps it would be better if I start looking for crow images to express how I felt in our trip.	Perhaps it would be better if I start looking for crow images to express how I felt in our trip.
I hope this will be a long saturday	I hope this will be a long saturday
Practicing!	Practicing!
I've been working to improve my written english making translations, but this tecnical vocabulary is little bit weird.	I've been working to improve my written english making translations, but this tecnical vocabulary is little bit weird.
Hello dear friends and clients, my name is Juan Perez and along this informative clip, we will know deeper this important enterprise in México as it is Tequila, besides we will have a special section to answer your most frequent questions about our products.	Hello dear friends and clients, my name is Juan Perez and during this informative clip, we will learn more about an important enterprise in Tequila, Mexico.  We will also have a special section answering your most common questions about our products.
Be Welcome.	Be Welcome.
OLEOMEX GROUP	OLEOMEX GROUP
En 1970 the Engineer José Luis Pérez Martines, based on a long experience, knowledge and vision in the industry of oils create the enterprise Oleofinos, S.	En 1970, the Engineer José Luis Pérez Martines, using his knowledge, long experience, and vision in the oils industry, founded the enterprise Oleofinos, S.
A.	A.
and with it begun the current organization of the OLEOMEX corporative.	and with it begun the current organization of the OLEOMEX corporation.
OLEOMEX, is formed by eleven companies 100% Mexican, which have grew and diversify its range and opportunities in the national and exportation market, its energy is focused on the production, manufacture and marketing food, industrial, personal care and consumer products	OLEOMEX, is composed of eleven companies, all Mexican, which have grown and diversified its range and opportunities in the national and exportation market.  Its energy is focused on the production, manufacture and marketing of food, industrial, personal care, and consumer products
WHO ARE WE	WHO ARE WE
Industrializadora Oleofinos, is a company which is located in the metropolitan area of Guadalajara, Jalisco, has an infrastructure of 220,000 m2 in its three plants, where products are produced for food areas such as: vegetable oils, palm, soy, fat plant and in the cleaning area its produced products for laundry and toilet soaps.	Industrializadora Oleofinos, is a company which is located in the metropolitan area of Guadalajara, Jalisco.  It has an infrastructure of 220,000 m2 in its three plants, where products are produced for food sectors such as: vegetable oils, palm, soy, fat plant.  In the cleaning area it produces soaps and detergents.
OLEOFINOS WARRANTY	OLEOFINOS WARRANTY
Our commitment to quality to our customers goes beyond a simple promise; therefore each of the shipments that leave our plant has been certificated by the department of quality assurance of Olefinos.	Our commitment to quality to our customers goes beyond a simple promise; therefore each of the shipments that leaves our plant has been certificated by the department of quality assurance of Olefinos.
This certificate also known as a guaranteed analysis, allows to verify the percentage of fat from palm oil, calcium, and humidity of the specific lot that is going to be delivered to the customer.	This certificate also known as a guaranteed analysis, allows one to verify the percentage of fat from palm oil, calcium, and humidity of the specific lot that is going to be delivered to the customer.
Also, our quality assurance department performs a constant and daily supervision of manufacturing processes in lactomil,  under a program of random sampling, qualify personnel goes to the production line in order to get the most important data such as: moisture, fat and calcium mentioned above.	Also, our quality assurance department performs a constant and daily supervision of manufacturing processes in lactomil.  Uunder a program of random sampling, qualified personnel go to the production line in order to get the most important data such as: moisture, fat and calcium content as mentioned above.
IMPORTANT CLIENTS	IMPORTANT CLIENTS
Among the most important customers of Industrializadora Oleofinos  S.	Among the most important customers of Industrializadora Oleofinos  S.
A.	A.
de C.	de C.
V.	V.
we are proud of highlight: (here it starts a list of mexican copanies)	we are proud of highlight: (here it starts a list of mexican copanies)
I'm going to work on in	I'm going to work on in
don't step into my layer, fool	don't step into my layer, fool
well the title isn't really related with this entry 	well the title isn't really related with this entry 
it is about something that i'm living right now 	it is about something that i'm living right now 
a few months ago i met this girl 	a few months ago i met this girl 
she is ....	she is ....
not what you would call an atractive girl but it's  kind of cute	not what you would call an atractive girl but it's  kind of cute
she never brushes her hair like she just woke up 	she never brushes her hair like she just woke up 
and she's an otaku (knows averything about any anime or manga you ask her about	and she's an otaku (knows averything about any anime or manga you ask her about)
oh and she draws really really  good	oh and she draws really really  good
well she was the friend of a friend and we met 	well she was the friend of a friend and we met 
i pulled some of my really bad bad jokes	i pulled some of my really bad bad jokes
and she didn't like them but she like me and so we became friends	and she didn't like them but she like me and so we became friends
i saw every once in a while and say "hello" 	i saw every once in a while and say "hello" 
and ask her stuff like "what are you doing??" or  "let me see your draws"	and ask her stuff like "what are you doing??" or  "let me see your draws"
one day i saw her walking alone in the hall 	one day i saw her walking alone in the hall 
and i say "hey!	and i say "hey!
where are you going all alone??"	where are you going all alone??"
she had some stuff to do .......	she had some stuff to do .......
and i wasn't with no one  neither was she so i decided to go with her 	and i wasn't with no one  neither was she so i decided to go with her 
and every time i was and was alone and i find her, we started talking	and every time i was and was alone and i find her, we started talking
not like "hey girl ...	not like "hey girl ...
you know ...	you know ...
you and me ...	you and me ...
a movie" more like stupid stuff	a movie" more like stupid stuff
"i'm hungry" "me too" "well ....	"i'm hungry" "me too" "well ....
you have any money ??" "no" "oh -.-"	you have any money ??" "no" "oh -.-"
.......	.......
this history it's getting to long 	this history it's getting to long 
oh no.....	oh no.....
i just realize ...........	i just realize ...........
she and i got a history .....	she and i got a history .....
man	man
thanks for reading .....	thanks for reading .....
Two moons	Two moons
Today it's agoust 27 and it's also my birthday  	Today it's agoust 27 and it's also my birthday  
I'm turning 18 today xP 	I'm turning 18 today xP 
i didn't do a party or something like that cause all my friends had to study 	i didn't do a party or something like that cause all my friends had to study 
but i'm going to celebrate tomorow with them 	but i'm going to celebrate tomorow with them 
anyway, i heard today mars will be able to wacht and it will like there were two moons 	anyway, i heard today mars will be able to wacht and it will like there were two moons 
it's really cool to know something like that happens in your birthday 	it's really cool to know something like that happens in your birthday 
even when you know its a coincidense.	even when you know its a coincidense.
carrer choice 	career choice 
-.- i'm getting into college this month	-.- I'm getting into college this month
and i have to sign in, in one of two carrers that are vacant in two differents places.	and I have to sign in, in one of two careers that are vacant in two different places.
one of them is administration and well i really suck  with stuff like that but i can change to engineering next semester  	One of them is administration and well I really suck  with stuff like that, but I can change to engineering next semester
and the other is data proccesing and is something that i'm remotly interested.	and the other is data processing and is something that I'm remotely interested in.
But what i really want to study is language but is a carrer that you can only study in another state but i don't have the money to aford live there	But what I really want to study is language but that is a career that you can only study in another state but I don't have the money to afford to live there.
have you ever felt like an idiot and you don't know why??	Have you ever felt like an idiot and you didn't know why??
have you ever felt like an idiot and you don't know why??	Have you ever felt like an idiot and you didn't know why??
i'm great ...........	I'm great ...........
in fact i'm awesome, so why everything seems to be  ....	in fact, I'm awesome, so why does everything seem to be  ....
how can a say this??..................	how can a say this??..................
kind like slowmotion .....	kind of like in slow motion .....
i would've like to slept the whole day so i didn't have to stand to this ......	I would've liked to have slept the whole day so I wouldn't have to withstand this .......
this ...	this ...
SLOWLINESS ("slowliness" what's that??) .........	SLOWLINESS ("slowliness" what's that??) .........
i spent all morning with a cute girl and it just felt like crap......	I spent all morning with a cute girl and it just felt like crap......
i spent all afternoon with my friends and i wanted to go home as fast as i could ................	I spent all afternoon with my friends and I wanted to go home as fast as I could ................
have you ever felt like an idiot and you don't know why??	Have you ever felt like an idiot and you didn't know why??
have you ever felt like an idiot and you don't know why??	Have you ever felt like an idiot and you didn't know why??
I'm a bit of a pyromaniac // teaching....huh?? // my english class sucks	I'm a bit of a pyromaniac // teaching....huh?? // my english class sucks
--------I'm a bit of a Pyromaniac---------	--------I'm a bit of a Pyromaniac---------
Hello there.....	Hello there.....
well this isn't something that  everybody says	well this isn't something that  everybody says
but i think people realize the same way as i did	but i think people realize the same way as i did
today i found a machtbox in the kitchen 	today i found a machtbox in the kitchen 
neither my mother nor my brother was home	neither my mother nor my brother was home
so i decided ( oh yeah ) that i can set on fire a little sheet of paper.	so i decided ( oh yeah ) that i can set on fire a little sheet of paper.
And well, i did it, it was fun but ....	And well, i did it, it was fun but ....
it didn't last long	it didn't last long
so i grabed an old plastic cup.......	so i grabed an old plastic cup.......
then a piece of fabric...	then a piece of fabric...
an old toy...	an old toy...
my grandma...........	my grandma...........
no, i'm kidding......	no, i'm kidding......
my grandma's wig	my grandma's wig
and after all this nonsense i realize.....	and after all this nonsense i realize.....
AAAH I BURNED MY ROOM......	AAAH I BURNED MY ROOM......
---------------------Teaching .......	---------------------Teaching .......
huh?-------------------------	huh?-------------------------
I'm thinking about teaching spanish on EDUfire .....	I'm thinking about teaching spanish on EDUfire .....
but i don't really know how it works 	but i don't really know how it works
AM I GOING TO GET PAID??	AM I GOING TO GET PAID??
(if i teach from venezuela) 	(if i teach from venezuela) 
--------------------My english class sucks---------------------------	--------------------My english class sucks---------------------------
Yesterday we had english class in my university	Yesterday we had english class in my universityYesterday we had an english class in my university.You use 'an' before words that begin with a vowel, and 'a' before words that do not.
i felt like a super hyper mega genius (even though i know i'm not) of english	i felt like a super hyper mega genius (even though i know i'm not) of english
i was such an easy stuff  and noone seemed to understand	It was such easy stuff and no one seemed to understand.
HEHEHEHE AND KNOW THE CUTE GIRLS OF THE CLASS ASK FOR MY HELP	HEHEHEHE AND KNOW THE CUTE GIRLS OF THE CLASS ASK FOR MY HELPAND NOW THE CUTE GIRLS OF THE CLASS ASK FOR MY HELP!
AAAAAAAAW MAN	AAAAAAAAW MAN
two days ago was one of mine friends 18th birthday party .....	two days ago was one of my friend's 18th birthday party .....
aaaaaw my head hurts just by thinking about it.	aaaaaw my head hurts just _ thinking about it.
We went to the beach and i could have enjoyed it 	We went to the beach and i could have enjoyed it 
if it wasn't that the day before my friends and i played a really stupid drinking game.	if it weren't for the fact that the day before my friends and i played a really stupid drinking game.
and i ended drinking almost two bottles of vodka......	and i ended up drinking almost two bottles of vodka......
I could go on and on about the things we said or who barf first but as i talk more about it loses the fun......	I could go on and on about the things we said or who barf first but as i talk more about it, it loses the fun....
^^ thanks for reading	^^ thanks for reading
Be nice, polite and social 	Be nice, polite and social 
This morning i got on a bus to Caracas (venezuela's capital) 'cuase i got some errands to do there.	This morning i got on a bus to Caracas (venezuela's capital) 'cause I have some errands to do there.
Actually i'm already there in fact i'm here	Actually i'm already there in fact i'm here
i'm staying in one of my mom's friend's house 	i'm staying in one of my mom's friend's house 
she's like an aunt to me so she has no problem with me staying	she's like an aunt to me so she has no problem with me staying
she has one son  and one daughter they are twins but we don't really get along well	she has one son  and one daughter they are twins but we don't really get along well
my mother said to me before i left "be nice"	my mother said to me before i left "be nice"
and i said " yeah don't worry i will be nice"	and i said " yeah don't worry i will be nice"
then she said -...	then she said -...
and be polite	and be polite
i didn't quite understand but i said - O.	i didn't quite understand but i said - O.
O yeah mom i will be polite	O yeah mom i will be polite
then she look at me like saying "this is the number one rule when you get there" and said -...	then she look at me like "this is the number one rule when you get there" and said -...
BE SOCIAL	BE SOCIAL
Ok mom - i said - i'll be social 	Ok mom - i said - i'll be social 
well i have been nice .............	well i have been nice .............
i think i have been polite ........	i think i have been polite ........
but not quite sure about been social .....	but I'm not quite sure about social .....
how should i start "so you live here huh?" -"i'm starving"- "what about cancer?"-"is it just me or everyone  hate dressed dogs" -  " who wants to see a zombie movie?".	how should i start? "so you live here huh?" -"i'm starving"- "what about cancer?"-"is it just me or does everyone  hate dressed dogs" -  " who wants to see a zombie movie?".
that's all that has come to mind so far ...........	that's all that has come to mind so far ...........
well so long i got to get out there and be social	well so long i got to get out there and be social
U.D.O *my college*	U.D.O *my college*
So far the U.	So far the U.
D.	D.
O  (Universidad de Oriente- "Eastern University")   has been great ............	O  (Universidad de Oriente- "Eastern University")   has been great ............
who am i kidding?	who am i kidding?
i hate Administration....	i hate Administration....
the classes  are awfully boring and i just sit there not listen to a word the teacher says but watching the cute girl sit next to me, drawing the first thing that comes to my mind or doing origami cranes ('cuase that's the only origami i know).	the classes  are awfully boring and i just sit there not listening to a word the teacher says but watching the cute girl sitting next to me, and drawing the first thing that comes to my mind or doing origami cranes ('cause that's the only origami i know).
i got a 10 in english even though i just draw in class .....	i got a 10 in english even though i just draw in class .....
i don't consider myself a master of the english language ( and everyone in my class thinks i do) but the teacher it's not really giving a college level english class ( i don't know why  i always need to say my english class sucks....	i don't consider myself a master of the english language (and everyone in my class thinks i do) but the teacher is not really giving a college level english class ( i don't know why  i always need to say my english class sucks....
i hope it isn't  anoying)	i hope it isn't  anoying)
Since the first day i got to U.	Since the first day i got to U.
D.	D.
O i have liked a girl that  studies with me.	O i have liked a girl that  studies with me.
She is cute, funny, cute and......	She is cute, funny, cute and......
well she's cute and funny, and she  made me say to myself  "I WANT THAT GIRL" apparently i forgot to tell myself that she has a boyfriend.....	well she's cute and funny, and she  made me say to myself  "I WANT THAT GIRL." But apparently i forgot to tell myself that she has a boyfriend.....
i call him potato forehead....	i call him potato forehead....
becuase his forehead does look like a potato ....	becuase his forehead does look like a potato ....
what brings me to the question "WHAT DOES SHE SEE IN THAT POTATO FOREHEADED GUY??"	what brings me to the question "WHAT DOES SHE SEE IN THAT POTATO FOREHEADED GUY??"
I know she is out of my league  but C'MON.......	I know she is out of my league  but C'MON.......
Well i don't feel like writing anymore 	Well i don't feel like writing anymore 
plase correct me and thanks for reading -.-	please correct me and thanks for reading -.-
i want to learn how to bass slap 	I want to learn how to do bass slaps.
i've been practicing bass playing from almost a year ago 	I've been practicing the bass from almost a year
i consider myself pretty good 	I consider myself to be pretty good 
but i've never learn how to bass slap 	but I've never learned how to bass slap 
my amp broke (-.-U) and i never get to hear myself playing bass slaping	my amp broke (-.-U) and i never get to hear myself playing a bass slap Again, I don't know the term, but this sounds better.
and i started to see this videos of people doing it 	I started to see videos of people doing it 
and it really made me want to know how they did to play so fast .....	and they really made me want to know how they learned to play so fast .....
QUICK ENTRY	QUICK ENTRY
I HAVE DECIDED THAT THIS NEXT YEAR I WOULD GO TO JAPAN ON CHRISTMAS EVE................	I HAVE DECIDED THAT THIS COMINGYEAR I WILL GO TO JAPAN ON CHRISTMAS EVE................
SO I'LL START SAVING MONEY.	SO I'LL START SAVING MONEY.
YEAH THAT'S MY NEW YEAR WISH.....	YEAH THAT'S MY NEW YEAR'S WISH.....
NO, MY NEW YEAR PROMISE.	NO, MY NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION.
DO YOU HAVE A NEW YEAR PROMISE ??	DO YOU HAVE A NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION ??
ANYWAY HAPPY NEW YEAR xP	ANYWAY HAPPY NEW YEAR xP
Death in Venice	Death in Venice
A few weeks ago i finished reading *the sorrows of young werther*, but i wasn't sure i could read another book (another book that book that didn't says *Math* on the cover) 'cuase i'm going to college this month .	A few weeks ago i finished reading *the sorrows of young werther*, but i wasn't sure i could read another book (another book that book that didn't says *Math* on the cover) 'cuase i'm going to college this month .
So i pick a little book that i knew i would read fast that i haven't read yet called *Death in Venice * by Thomas Mann ......	So i picked a little book that i knew i would read fast that i haven't read yet called *Death in Venice * by Thomas Mann ......
It's been quite interesting this book ......	It's been quite interesting this book ......
but a little weird too.	but a little weird too.
that is because the main character named Gustav von Aschenbach it's kind of......	that is because the main character named Gustav von Aschenbach it's kind of......
i wouldn't say in love ........	i wouldn't say in love ........
but obsessed, with this 14 years old boy part of a Polish family that's staying in the same hotel in Lido (an island next to Venice) that Aschenbach.	but obsessed, with this 14 years old boy who was part of a Polish family that's staying in the same hotel in Lido (an island next to Venice) that Aschenbach.
well that's been what i have read so far .................	well that's been what i have read so far .................
Thanks for reading	Thanks for reading
when i was little ....	when i was little ....
when i was little my dad sell military clothes	when I was little my dad sold military uniforms
and my mom was a university teacher	and my mom was a university teacher
i didn't have any nephews or nieces	i didn't have any nephews or nieces
everyday i played nintendo	everyday i played nintendo
everyday my brother and i fight	everyday my brother and I  fought
i was a really happy time	It was a really happy time
a really peaceful time	a really peaceful time
The Sorrows of Young Werther	The Sorrows of Young Werther
I started to read "The Sorrows of Young Werther"  two days ago 	I started to read "The Sorrows of Young Werther"  two days ago 
it's a romantic novel.	it's a romantic novel.
I didn't think i will like the book cuase romantic novels bored me	I didn't think i would like this book cuase romantic novels bore me
I didn't think i will like the book cuase romantic novels bored me	I didn't think i will like the book 'cause romantic novels bored me
I didn't think i will like the book cuase romantic novels bored me	I didn't think I would like this book 'cause romantic novels bore me.
but it's actually really good	but it's actually really good
The book it's like a letters collection ordered by date sent by Werther to a friend	The book is like a letters collection ordered by date sent by Werther to a friend
The book it's like a letters collection ordered by date sent by Werther to a friend	The book is like a collection of letters in chronological order sent by Werther to a friend
in those letters he writes about the place where he's staying 	in those letters he writes about the place where he's staying 
There he meets and falls in love with a beautiful girl named Charlotte	There he meets and falls in love with a beautiful girl named Charlotte
however, she's, for his bad luck, already engaged	however she is, unfortunately for him, already engaged
......	......
well, that's as far as i come to read 	well, that's as far as i've read 
-.-  thanks for reading	-.-  thanks for reading
Halloween party ..B-day party... PArTy	Halloween party ..B-day party... PARTY!
this saturday one of my friend's little sister it's making a halloween party	This saturday, one of my friend's little sisters is having a halloween party.
my friend has two sisters they are kind of anoying but i like them	My friend has two sisters that are kind of anoying, but I like them anyway. 
there's always a party in my friend house 	It seems like there's always a party at my friend house. 
and that's great 'cuase you can go there just to kill some time and you end up staying there over the night 	It's great cause you can go there just to kill some time and end up staying there overnight. 
I got to go  ^^  thanks for reading	I gotta go ^^ thanks for reading
Can I change my username?	Can I change my username?
I am new here and i want to change my username please...	I am new here and i want to change my username please...
Can I do it?	Can I do it?
Can anyone correct my english in my others posts?	Can anyone correct my english in my others posts?
My Role Model	My Role Model
Hello!	Hello!
Today I am going to talk about one of my roles models, Selena Gomez.	Today I am going to talk about one of my roles models, Selena Gomez.
She was born in July, 1992 in Texas.	She was born on July, 1992 in Texas.
She is actress and singer.	She is an actress and a singer.
When she was 9 years old she started to work in Barney & Friends (where she met Demi Lovato) but her most important role is Alex Russo in Disney Channel's TV Show Wizards of Waverly Place.	When she was 9 years old she started to work in Barney & Friends (where she met Demi Lovato) but her most important role is Alex Russo in Disney Channel's TV Show Wizards of Waverly Place.
In 2009 Selena recorded a CD with her ban "Selena Gomez & The Scene", called Kiss & Tell.	In 2009 Selena recorded a CD with her ban "Selena Gomez & The Scene", called Kiss & Tell.
My favorutie Kiss & Tell's song is Kiss & Tell, I Wont Apologize and Falling Down.	My favorutie Kiss & Tell's songs are'Kiss & Tell', 'I Wont Apologize' and 'Falling Down'.
I think she is a big role model, she has a lot of talent and she helps other people	I think she is a big role model, she has a lot of talent and she helps other people
I am back!	I am back!
Well, the tittle explains all: I joined this amazing site  a long time ago and I just posted 3 things but I am here now and I want to start again.	Well, the title explains all: I joined this amazing site  a long time ago and I just posted 3 things but I am here now and I want to start again.
My name is Cande, I am a very big fan of Selena Gomez, Jennifer Anisto, Harry Potter, Twilight, Pretty Little Liars and more.	My name is Cande, I am a very big fan of Selena Gomez, Jennifer Anisto, Harry Potter, Twilight, Pretty Little Liars and more.
I am learning english and I would be really happy if someone corrects me so I will have a chance to get better.	I am learning English and I would be really happy if someone corrects me so I will have a chance to get better.
My name	My name
Hi, I am walter , I am from Perú,I like soccer and music Rock, My favorite group is Korn and favorite song is Got the life	Hi, I am walter , I am from Perú,I like soccer and music Rock, My favorite group is Korn and favorite song is Got the life
Hello	Hello
I want to find new friends, and practice my english with them	I want to find new friends, and practice my english with them
Mexican Pride	Mexican Pride
Today i want to speak about mexico and a bit of its culture.	Today i want to speak about mexico and a bit of its culture.
I have been playing violin for 3 years now and i hope someday i can get into music college, but to do this i have to practice a lot every day.	I have been playing violin for 3 years now and i hope someday i can get into music college, but to do this i have to practice a lot every day.
Something i would want to do is to play in a traditional mexican music group that is called mariachi, the mariachi groups play songs about love, about parties, about our country, about women about a lots of stuff.	Something i would want to do is to play in a traditional mexican music group that is called mariachi, the mariachi groups play songs about love, about parties, about our country, about women about a lots of stuff.
This is a video from youtube were a mariachi group plays a song called "el son de la negra" and "el cascable" which literal translation would be "the song of the black girl" and "the rattle"	This is a video from youtube were a mariachi group plays a song called "el son de la negra" and "el cascable" which literal translation would be "the song of the black girl" and "the rattle"
I love my country for all of its culture, its people and everything it does.	I love my country for all of its culture, its people and everything it does.
We are people that is full of happiness and loves to have partys, to dance, to sing, to paint.	We are people that is full of happiness and loves to have partys, to dance, to sing, to paint.
I consider that people around the world might have a wrong image about mexicans, that we lay down on a cactus with a SOMBRERO and sleeping all day, but i beg to differ and i would like to say that most people that say that have never been in mexico and i gladly invite them to my country to see the beautifull marvels it has.	I consider that people around the world might have a wrong image about mexicans, that we lay down on a cactus with a SOMBRERO and sleeping all day, but i beg to differ and i would like to say that most people that say that have never been in mexico and i gladly invite them to my country to see the beautifull marvels it has.
Not only regarding music, party and dances.	Not only regarding music, party and dances.
Aztec ruins, Mayan ruins, its beautyfull beaches, its sceanries	Aztec ruins, Mayan ruins, its beautyfull beaches, its sceanries
I have seen videos about minutemen (an active anti-ilegalalien movement in the usa) and i know not everybody thinks like them but i hate racism and would like to speak for my people and show you what we truly are.	I have seen videos about minutemen (an active anti-ilegalalien movement in the usa) and i know not everybody thinks like them but i hate racism and would like to speak for my people and show you what we truly are.
please watch the following video that talks (in my humble opinion)  the truth about my country	please watch the following video that talks (in my humble opinion)  the truth about my country
Hello, Lang-8	Hello, Lang-8
I am student and want  learning ingles.	I am a student and want to learn English.
I am student and want  learning ingles.	I am a student and I want to learn English.
The music.	The music.
The music is one of the most important things of my life.	The music is one of the most important things of my life.
My favourite pop stars are Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber.	My favourite pop stars are Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber.
I'd like to met Demi Lovato.	I'd like to met Demi Lovato.
She's the best!!	She's the best!!
She sing fantastic and is beautiful too.	She sing fantastic and is beautiful too.
I want to be like she.	I want to be like she.
Justin Bieber has all.	Justin Bieber has all.
He's gorgeous, he sing very good and is the boy most perfect in the world!!	He's gorgeous, he sing very good and is the boy most perfect in the world!!
My dream is to be a famous singer.	My dream is to be a famous singer.
If I'll have got my dream, I'd be the happiest person in the world!!!!	If I'll have got my dream, I'd be the happiest person in the world!!!!
About the lovely city of Austin, TX	About the lovely city of Austin, TX
Austin is the capital city of the state of Texas.	Austin is the capital city of the state of Texas.
Now, I'm there living because I'm doing some research at University of Texas at Austin.	Now, I'm there living because I'm doing some research at University of Texas at Austin.
I invite you all to visit this wonderful city, because you'll really enjoy it!	I invite you all to visit this wonderful city, because you'll really enjoy it!
It is very peaceful, with a lot of things to do and, very important, the weather is so nice!	It is very peaceful, with a lot of things to do and, most importantly, the weather is so nice!
You will enjoy its sunny days!	You will enjoy its sunny days!
So, if you are looking for a city to visit at the States and you don't know which, come to Austin!	So, if you are looking for a city to visit at the States and you don't know which, come to Austin!
You will not regret!	You will not regret it!
My first post in this site	My first post in this site
Hello, 	Hello, 
I'm writing down my first post in this site in order to see if it works properly, that is, if I can use it to improve my writing skills and, also, to help others to improve their skills writing my lovely native language, Catalan.	I'm writing down my first post in this site in order to see if it works properly, that is, if I can use it to improve my writing skills and, also, to help others to improve their skills writing my lovely native language, Catalan.
By the way, as many Catalan speakers suffer, we also could correct Spanish entries but it seems that, since we can only choose one language to correct, we can not select it.	By the way, as many Catalan speakers suffer, we also could correct Spanish entries but it seems that, since we can only choose one language to correct, we can not select it.
Does anybody know how to fix this?	Does anybody know how to fix this?
decription	Description
i'm student of applied linguistics and also, i want to learn more about the language in english.	I'm student of applied linguistics, and also I want to learn more about the English language.
i'm student of applied linguistics and also, i want to learn more about the language in english.	i'm student of applied linguistics and I would like to learn more about English.
so i like to meet some friends with different 	So, I would like to meet some friends who speak different
language.	languages.
my hobbies is sometimes go to the gym and practice 	my hobbies are sometimes going to the gym and practicing
my hobbies is sometimes go to the gym and practice 	my hobbies include going to the gym and practicing 
muay thai .	muay thai .
and my favorite food, is the sea food because i'm  from 	and my favorite food is seafood because i'm  from 
a little island and there are many variety of sea food.	a little island and there are many varieties of seafood.
Expressing an opinion - Is smoking fashionable?	Expressing an opinion - Is smoking fashionable?
Nowadays, in the society we’ve created, many people think being trendy is something to die for, especially people with a very developed social skill.	Nowadays, in the society we’ve created, many people think being trendy is something to die for, especially people with very developed social skills.
They practically base their life in finding out new crazes to impress the rest.	They practically base their life on finding out new crazes to impress everyone else.
Sometimes these methods can damage them.	Sometimes these methods can damage them.
This is certainly the case with smoking.	This is certainly the case with smoking.
Many people don’t have enough personality to take off their own trend, so they have to adopt as bad as smoking.	Many people don’t have enough personality to begin their own trend, so they have to adopt one as bad as smoking.
At first it may result funny, even cool.	At first it may seem funny, even cool.
But, as the time goes by, the fad becomes a problem, a disease.	But, as the time goes by, the fad becomes a problem, a disease.
That’s because a lot of teenagers with no smoker families have a smoking addiction.	That’s because a lot of teenagers with non-smoking families have a smoking addiction.
This addiction causes rejection from the non-smoking collectives in your own gang.	This addiction causes rejection from the non-smokers in your own gang.
That is, you can end up being and awkward non-friendship with an extremely dangerous addiction that kills you slowly.	That is, you can end up being awkward and unsociable with an extremely dangerous addiction that slowly kills you.
All this can catch you unawares still being on high school.	All this can catch you unawares still being in high school.
It is sad to think what an “I’m just trying” can cause and what it can lead to for the rest of your life.	It is sad to think what an "I'm just trying it out" attitude can cause and what it can lead to for the rest of your life.
In conclusion, think what you want the people think about you, and then value if it’s worth it.	In conclusion, think about how you want people to view you, and then value their opinion if it’s worth it.
REPORT ON CASANDRA´S NEW COLLECTION	REPORT ON CASANDRA´S NEW COLLECTION
OUR PROBLEMS CAN BE EASILY SOLVED: This report sets out to express the need for a change in our view of fashion.	OUR PROBLEMS CAN BE EASILY SOLVED: This report sets out to express the need for a change in our view of fashion.
In fact, I create this because last season was a completely disaster.	In fact, I am creating this because last season was a complete disaster.
None of us want this to happen again, so we have to join our force and above all our creativity.	None of us want this to happen again, so we have to join forces, and above all, join our creativity.
None of us want this to happen again, so we have to join our force and above all our creativity.	None of us want that to happen again, so we have to join force and, above all, our creativity.
WHAT’S TRENDY RIGHT NOW?: This one is the typical novice question.	WHAT’S TRENDY RIGHT NOW?: This is the typical novice question.
There’s not anything proper fashionable.	Maybe: There’s not anything properly fashionable in and of itself. 
There’s not anything proper fashionable.	There’s not anything proper fashionable. Confusing- I can't tell what you wanted to say.
Most of the successful designers find inspiration in many other different things apart from the rest of fashion.	Most of the successful designers find inspiration in many other different things apart from fashion.
Most of the successful designers find inspiration in many other different things apart from the rest of fashion.	Most successful designers find inspiration in many different things apart from fashion.
A film, a book or simply a picture may result exactly what you were looking for	A film, a book, or simply a picture may result in exactly what you were looking for.
A film, a book or simply a picture may result exactly what you were looking for	A film, a book or simply a picture may turn out to be exactly what you were looking for.
Trendy is what you want to be trendy.	Trendy is whatever you want to be trendy.
Just take a seat in your studio and let your imagination flies.	Just take a seat in your studio and let your imagination fly.
GOOD, BEAUTIFUL AND CHEAP: Don’t worry, it may happen.	GOOD, BEAUTIFUL AND CHEAP: Don’t worry, it may happen.
Sometimes you succeed in your business and then you overestimate yourself.	Sometimes you succeed in your business and then you overestimate yourself.
The only thing we have to do is let our prices come down.	The only thing we have to do is let our prices come down.
We can even gain new customers!	We can even gain new customers!
We are not probably as good as Dior so, why the same prices?	We are probably not as good as Dior, so why the same prices?
MAY I HELP YOU, SIR?: Good Service is essential to succeed in business.	MAY I HELP YOU, SIR?: Good Service is essential to succeed in business.
All of us may have a bad day but, have our client any responsibility?	All of us may have a bad day, but do our clients have any responsibility?
All of us may have a bad day but, have our client any responsibility?	All of us have bad days from time to time, but are our clients responsible for that?
Probably not much, so face it up and smile.	Probably not much, so face up to it and smile.
Probably not much, so face it up and smile.	Probably not , so face the fact and smile.
Avoid being rude with them, but a pain in the neck neither.	Avoid being rude with them at all times.
We don’t have still any complain about our employers, which means we’re doing it right.	We don’t yet have any complaints about our employees, which means we’re doing it right.
We don’t have still any complain about our employers, which means we’re doing it right.	We don’t have any complaints about our employers yet, which means we’re doing things right.
WHAT DO WE HAVE TO DO FROM NOW ON?: Including a wider catalogue of fashion, increasing our designer’s originality and reducing our prices.	WHAT DO WE HAVE TO DO FROM NOW ON?: Include a wider catalogue of fashion, increase our designers' originality and reduce our prices.
These are the statements we have to follow next season.	These are the statements we have to follow next season.
Just surprise the world with our new extreme make-over!	Let's surprise the world with our new extreme make-over!
Just surprise the world with our new extreme make-over!	Let's surprise the world with our new extreme makeover!
Hello!	Hello!
Hello, i want to introduce me.	Hello, I want to introduce myself.
My name is Alberto and i will try to learn english here.	My name is Alberto and i will try to learn english here.
This is my first message, I have written it for prove how it work this webpage.	This is my first message, I have written it to test how this webpage works.
I don't know still how to use it.	I still don't know how to use it.
I don't know	I don't know
I don't know what to write, though, I gonna write something at least for be corrected.	I don't know what to write, though, I'm gonna write something at least to be corrected.
I don't know what to write, though, I gonna write something at least for be corrected.	I don't know what to write, but I'm gonna write something so it can at least be corrected.
Coming soon I going to go to English Academy, so, I will be able to write correctly, at least, with not much mistakes.	Soon I'm going to go to an English Academy, so I will be able to write correctly, at least, with not many mistakes.
Coming soon I going to go to English Academy, so, I will be able to write correctly, at least, with not much mistakes.	Not too far from now, I'm  going to go to the English Academy, so, I will be able to write correctly, at least, with not many mistakes.
I hope I learn english.	I hope I can improve my English.
I hope I learn english.	I hope I learn English.
I am very interesting in learn english because the next year I going to go to Suecia, Irlanda or Polonia.	I am very interested in learning English because next year I am going to go to Switzerland, Ireland, or Poland.
I am very interesting in learn english because the next year I going to go to Suecia, Irlanda or Polonia.	I am very interested in learning English because next year I'm going to go to Sweden, Ireland or Poland.
I will be erasmus and english is neccesary for travel.	I will be an Erasmus student and English is necessary for travel.
I will be erasmus and english is neccesary for travel.	I will be erasmus and English is neccesary for traveling.
In School  I learn english but not very much, you can see in this text for example, I make a lot of mistakes.	In school I learn English but not very much, you can see in this text for example, I make a lot of mistakes.
In School  I learn english but not very much, you can see in this text for example, I make a lot of mistakes.	In School, I learned English, but not very much. You can see in this text for example, I make a lot of mistakes.
Well, I only want write something for learn with yours advice.	Well, I only want to write something to learn with your advice.
Well, I only want write something for learn with yours advice.	Well, I only want to write something to learn from your advice.
I will get it	I will get it
Hello, I want to write a little of my life, because I need practice english.	Hello, I want to write a little of my life, because I need practice english.Hello, I want to write a little of my life, because I need to practise English.
Well, The lastk week I started my english class in a academy situated in my village.	Well, The lastk week I started my english class in a academy situated in my village.Well, last week I started my English class in an academy situated in my village.
All teachers, except one, are native speakers.	All teachers, except one, are native speakers.All the teachers, except one, are native speakers.
They are from United Kingdom and They don't speak spanish, only a little.	They are from the United Kingdom and they don't speak Spanish, only a little.
That's good, so, I will have to speak wiht my teachers in english and that's good for me.	That's good, so, I will have to speak to my teachers in English and that's good for me.
I hope I will be able to, in next year, speak and write english better than now	I hope I will be able to, within the next year, speak and write English better than now.
When I went to academy.	When I went to the academy...
They said me that in grammar I have a B1 level, however, when I did my oral test, they said me that I must improve my speaking.	...they said to me that in grammar I have a B1 level, however, when I did my oral test, they said to me that I must improve my speaking.
I know write in english (so-so) but I don't know speak and understand english (only a little).	I know how to write in English (so-so) but I don't know speak and understand English (only a little).
I saw this when I travelled to abroad.	I noticed this when I travelled abroad.
I need learn very fast because the next year I will do a exam for to get erasmus scholarship.	I need learn very fast because next year I will do a exam to get erasmus scholarship.
I will try it.	I will try it.
Thanks for read me.	Thanks for reading.
A busy person	A busy person
A very busy person.	A very busy person.
This is the title for this text, and It might be the title for my life in this moment.	This is the title for this text, and It might be the title for my life in this moment.
This year, I'm always busy.	This year, I'm always busy.
I have 19 years old and it's my second year in university, but that's not all.	I am 19 years old and it's my second year in university.
Also, It's my first year in conservatory (I play piano), but That's not all yet In Tuesdays and Thursday afternoon I must go to english academy for learn english.	It's my first year in conservatory (I play piano), but hat's not all. On Tuesdays and Thursday afternoon I must also go to English academy to learn English.
So, all mornings I must go to university, I study history, I love it since I was a boy.	So, every morning I must go to university. I study history, the subject I loved since I was a boy.
When I am in class I read a lot of history books, I take notes, I see maps...	When I am in class I read a lot of history books, take notes, and look at maps...
Mondays and Wednesday I go to conservatory, there, I am two hours each day and for finish, Tuesdays and Thursdays I must go to english academy.	On Mondays and Wednesdays I go to conservatoryfor two hours each day. Tuesdays and Thursdays I must go to the English academy.
I know I am crazy, I know I don't have time for all, but, I try it.	I know I am crazy, and I know I don't have time for all, but I try to do my best.
I think that I will be able to get good results in all.	I think that I will be able to get good results in all.
If all it's good, the next year I will know english and I will be able to play piano better than now.	If all is good, the next year I will know English and I will be able to play piano better than I can now.
Thank you for corrections, really, I need your help!	Thank you for corrections, really, I need your help!
(jaja)	(jaja)
Stockholm, a beautiful place...	Stockholm, a beautiful place...
The last week i was in Stockholm.	Last week, I was in Stockholm.
Stockholm is sweden's capital and for me one of the places more beautiful.	Stockholm is the capital of Sweden and it's the one of the most beautiful places for me.
Stockholm is sweden's capital and for me one of the places more beautiful.	Stockholm is Sweden's capital and for me, one of the most beautiful places in the world.
In Stockholm you could find a lot of parks and forest in the city center.	In Stockholm you can find a lot of parks and forests in the city center.
In many parks, anyone could swiming in baltic sea, due to there had a little beaches where it's allowed swiming.	In the many parks, anyone could swiming in baltic sea, due to there had a little beaches where it's allowed swiming.
In many parks, anyone could swiming in baltic sea, due to there had a little beaches where it's allowed swiming.	In many of the parks, you could swim in the Baltic Sea, due to there being little beaches where swimming was allowed.
All nights my friends and me walked for magics street.	All nights me and my friends walked along the magic street.
All nights my friends and me walked for magics street.	Every night my friends and me walked through the magical streets.
It's a city very seemed to Venecia, Why?	It's a city which seemed very similar to Venice... Why?
because Stockholm, is composed by many island sorrounded by baltic sea.	because Stockholm, is composed by many islands sorrounded by baltic sea.
because Stockholm, is composed by many island sorrounded by baltic sea.	Because Stockholm is made up of many islands surrounded by the Baltic Sea.
The historic center was extraordinary, a lot of old buildings and churchs.	The historic center was extraordinary, a lot of old buildings and churches.
Without doubt it's the best place i have visited.	No doubt it's the best place i have visited.
Without doubt it's the best place i have visited.	Without doubt it's the best place I have ever visited.
If i have oportunity of travel again there i will not think twice.	If I have any opportunities to travel there again, I will not think twice.
Can someone correct me?	Can someone correct my journal?
I go to write some that I wrote in other webpage because in that other webpage don't correct me my excercises.	I am rewriting a journal that I wrote in another web-page because in that other web-page my journal was not corrected. 
What do you do in your free time?	What do you do in your free time?
In my free time I play football with my friends, normally all weekends.	In my free time I play football with my friends, normally all weekend.
Also, my friends and me go to disco at weekends.	Also, my friends and I go to the disco on weekends.
I like being with my laptops and visit social networks, so i speak with my friends.	I like being on my laptop visiting social networks, so I can speak with my friends.
What furniture is there in your bedroom?	What furniture do you have in your bedroom?
In my bedroom, I have a lot of pieces of furniture.	In my bedroom, I have a lot of pieces of furniture.
In first place i have a huge desk where I can study very well, besides, I have a big wardrobe where i keep my clothes.	First, I have a huge desk where I can study very well, besides that, I have a big wardrobe where I keep my clothing.
My bedside table is next to my bed.	My bedside table is next to my bed.
Also I have a bookcase for save books which i like.	Also I have a bookcase to save books that I like.
Finally I would say that besides all this, I have a television, piano and computer too.	Finally, I have a television, piano and computer too.
Thank you for your corrections, so I can learn something.	Thank you for your corrections, it allows me to learn English.
=)	=)
Mail	Mail
In order to keep whit the process of the "Bug Tracking", the solved issues need to be close, so feel free to change the status issues to “resolved” and add a comment on "Resolution - Action Taken"  if you want.	In order to keep whit the process of the "Bug Tracking", the solved issues need to be close, so feel free to change the status issues to “resolved” and add a comment on "Resolution - Action Taken"  if you want.
hi everyone¡¡¡¡ n.n	Hi everyone!!!
> hi this is my first text so i hope anyone could correct my text because i want to be english teacher, and i want to speak and write the english at 100% n.	> hi this is my first text so i hope anyone could correct my text because i want to be english teacher, and i want to speak and write the english at 100% n.
n 	n 
> i have been studying english for 5 years ¡¡¡ but i i know i have some grammar mistakes spelling etc.	I have been studying English for 5 years but I know I have some grammar and spelling mistakes.
im from mexico and im studying the carrier of tourism and maybe i could be teacher english someday ...	I'm from Mexico and I'm studying for a  career in tourism and maybe I could teach English someday.
who knows :o 	Who knows?
> im here in this pague this is my third day yet and i have some friends n.	> im here in this pague this is my third day yet and i have some friends n.
n im here waiting ours corrections so don hesitate¡¡¡¡	n im here waiting ours corrections so don hesitate¡¡¡¡
> well i want to do some friend here too¡¡¡ and if somene needs help whit his spanish dont hesitate to messsage me¡¡¡ i would help you¡¡¡ 	Well I want to help some friends here too so if someone needs help with their Spanish don't hesitate to message me. I will help you. 
>everyone have a good weekend¡¡¡ and see your later on my next diary teme xD 	Everyone have a good weekend and see you later on my next diary.
THANKS EVERYONE AND GOOD BYE¡¡¡ :P	THANKS EVERYONE AND GOOD BYE¡¡¡ :P
Guessing an object	Guessing an object
Today in one of my English classes we did an exercise about guessing an object.	Today in one of my English classes we did an exercise about guessing an object.
We had to describe it and the classmates would guess it.	We had to describe it and then our classmates would guess what it was
I wrote, "This object makes sounds, it's big and you should sit to use it.	I wrote, "This object makes sounds, it's big and you should sit to use it.
Its color is black and white, its divided into small blocks and you use your hands".	Its color is black and white, its divided into small blocks and you use your hands".
The object I was talking about was a piano.	The object I was talking about was a piano.
After this I remembered how much I loved to play it when I was younger, I have to be honest and say I wasn't that good, but it was a nice hobby.	After this I remembered how much I loved to play it when I was younger, I have to be honest and say I wasn't that good, but it was a nice hobby.
I haven't played in four years and now in my dorms a friend just bought an electric piano to practice and I realized I miss playing it.	I haven't played in four years and now in my dorms a friend has just bought an electric piano to practice and I realized I miss playing it.
I used to play only classical music, but if I still played nowadays I would play contemporary music too.	I used to play only classical music, but if I still played nowadays I would play contemporary music too.
New class project	New class project
Hello!	Hello!
This week in one of my English classes we started a new project.	This week in one of my English classes we started a new project.
We were divided in pairs and we are making a research about a topic that is interesting to us about American Culture.	We were divided in pairs to research a topic that is interesting to us in American Culture.
My partner and I chose “Plastic Surgery”; I think it’s a very interesting and controversial topic.	My partner and I chose “Plastic Surgery”; I think it’s a very interesting and controversial topic.
The first step was making a research and a questionnaire.	The first step was research and a questionnaire.
Yesterday we started applying the survey to people in the university.	Yesterday we started giving the survey to people in the university.
When we finish hopefully we’ll find our objective, which is looking at what Americans think about plastic surgery.	When we finish hopefully we’ll find our objective, which is to find out what Americans think about plastic surgery.
Getting out of the box	Getting outside your comfort zone
Getting out of the box means doing something you are not comfortable doing, or doing something different from what you are used to.	Getting out of the box means doing something you are not comfortable doing, or doing something different from what you are used to.
This may be a challenge that most of us pass through.	This may be a challenge that most of us pass through.
Sometimes these means overcoming a fear, or just do something you think it’s hard for you to do.	Sometimes this means overcoming a fear, or just do something you think it’s hard for you to do.
For me, a challenge is singing in front of people.	For me, a challenge is singing in front of people.
When I was young I was in the school choir and I enjoyed it a lot, but as the years passed I quit and was shy to do it again.	When I was young I was in the school choir and I enjoyed it a lot, but as the years passed I quit and became too shy to do it again.
My friends love to play with the karaoke, but that’s something I would never imagine doing in front of people.	My friends love to sing karaoke, but that’s something I would never imagine doing in front of people.
One day I decided it was time to overcome my fear and just have fun.	One day I decided it was time to overcome my fear and just have fun.
I did it, and hopefully as expected, I felt free and happy of having fun as all of my friends.	I did it, and hopefully as expected, I felt free and happy after having fun like all of my friends.
Everybody should try at least once to overcome their fears, because most of the times you’ll get a positive outcome.	Everybody should try at least once to overcome their fears, because most of the times you’ll get a positive outcome.
Smartphones	Smartphones
Smartphones have become very popular in the last couple of years.	Smartphones have become very popular in the last couple of years.
Like everything, it has pros and cons.	Like everything, they have pros and cons.
The pros are that you can talk to your friends and family whenever you want and you can use Internet, which is a very powerful tool.	The pros are that you can talk to your friends and family whenever you want, and you can use the Internet on them, which is a very powerful tool.
It can “save” you from many problems or situations, for example from getting lost, or just making a quick research about a topic.	It can save you from many problems or situations, for example from getting lost, or just helping you to quickly research a topic.
But it can also lead to an obsession.	But it can also lead to an obsession.
A lot of people are obsessed with their blackberries or Iphones, and that can lead to getting apart from society, getting bad grades in school for not paying attention, and the notifications distract people very easily.	A lot of people are obsessed with their BlackBerries or iPhones, and that can lead to pulling away from society, getting bad grades in school as a result of not paying attention, and the notifications are very distracting.
This is a very useful tool, but people need to be careful when using it so this doesn’t become an obsession.	This is a very useful tool, but people need to be careful when using it so that it doesn’t become an obsession.
If you have a smartphone my recommendation is to use it with responsability!	If you have a Smartphone, my recommendation is to use it responsibly!
Despicable Me	Despicable Me
This week, one of the university’s groups made an event and invited students through a poster in the dinning hall.	This week, one of the university’s groups made an event and invited students through a poster in the dinning hall.
This was to see the movie “Despicable Me”.	This was to see the movie “Despicable Me”.
The day of the movie I forgot about it and I really wanted to go because a lot of my friends told me it was really good.	The day of the movie I forgot about it and I really wanted to go because a lot of my friends told me it was really good.
Lucky for me, a friend who is part of the group asked me if I was going, so I had to finish my homework quickly and finally I went to see it with four other friends.	Lucky for me, a friend who is part of the group asked me if I was going, so I had to finish my homework quickly and finally I went to see it with four other friends.
It was really cool, the movie and also the ice cream float they gave us, all for free!	It was really cool, the movie and also the ice cream float they gave us, all for free!
Even though this movie is for children, I think it’s really funny and cute and people from all ages enjoy it.	Even though this movie is for children, I think it’s really funny and cute and people from all ages enjoy it.
"Sitting in the not-knowing"	"Sitting in the not-knowing"
I think one of the hardest decisions to make is choosing your major.	I think one of the hardest decisions to make is choosing your major.
This is something that takes a lot of time and thinking.	This is something that takes a lot of time and thought.
This is an amazing opportunity and you need to be sure that’s what you want to do in life.	It is an amazing opportunity and you need to be sure that that’s what you want to do in life.
Sometimes you think you are sure of it, but for some reason the universe is not going in your favor and you can’t get there.	Sometimes you think you are sure about it, but for some reason the universe is not going in your favor and you can’t get there.
That happened to me.	That happened to me.
Now, I’m learning that it’s different to do something that you want and something that’s meant for you.	Now, I’m learning that it’s one thing to do something that you want and different to do something that’s meant for you.
In some cases like mine, it’s sad when you realize what you’ve always wanted to do is not what you are meant to do in life.	In some cases, such as mine, it’s sad when you realize that what you’ve always wanted to do is not what you are actually meant to do in life.
Right now I’m in what I call “sitting in the not-knowing”.	Right now I’m in what I call “sitting in the not-knowing.”
It means I’m in the point when all the doors are closed and I’m waiting for that one door that will open hopefully soon.	It means I’m at the point where all the doors are closed and I’m waiting for that one door that will hopefully open soon.
"The Social Network"	"The Social Network"
Hello!	Hello!
Yesterday I went to see with my friends the movie “The Social Network”.	Yesterday I went to see with my friends the movie “The Social Network”.
I think it’s going to be a very popular movie because of its theme (Facebook).	I think it’s going to be a very popular movie because of its theme (Facebook).
It’s very interesting getting to know the story behind this website.	It’s very interesting getting to know the story behind this website.
People just use it everyday but they don’t know how hard the founders needed to work for it and all the barriers they passed through.	People use it everyday but they don’t know how hard the founders needed to work for it and all the barriers they passed through.
I recommend this movie to people form al ages, I can guarantee you are going to have a great time.	I recommend this movie to people form all ages, I can guarantee you are going to have a great time.
Crazy weather	Crazy weather
The last few days California has had crazy weather.	The last few days California has had crazy weather.
Last week it was so hot my friends in the dorms and I had a hard time sleeping at night.	Last week it was so hot my friends in the dorms and I had a hard time sleeping at night.
On the other hand, this week started to get cold.	On the other hand, this week started to get cold.
The worst part is the rain, I hate rain, but I hate it even more when I have to take long walks to class and get wet.	The worst part is the rain, I hate rain, but I hate it even more when I have to take long walks to class and get wet.
Because of this weather, I got sick.	Because of this weather, I got sick.
I got a throat infection, so I have to take care of myself if I don't want to feel worse.	I got a throat infection, so I have to take care of myself if I don't want to feel worse.
I hope this weather changes soon or at least stays the same, because the changes are not helping our health.	I hope this weather changes soon or at least stays the same, because the changes are not helping our health.
Dorm life	Dorm life
These days I’ve been thinking about dorm life.	Recently I’ve been thinking about dorm life. You can also put "recently" at the end of the sentence.
I got to the conclusion that it’s a really good experience that makes people mature and be thankful.	I came to the conclusion that it’s a really good experience that makes people mature and grateful.. 
In my case, I’m an only child; and having the opportunity to live in a dorm has changed my way of thinking and has also helped me in many other ways.	, I’m an only child, and having the opportunity to live in a dorm has changed my way of thinking and has also helped me in many other ways.
For example, my biggest challenge is probably being patient.	For example, my biggest challenge is probably being patient.
I have a hard time sometimes with patience, and in the dorms I have to be patient if people are listening to music, watching TV, or just making noise when you are trying to do your homework or sleep.	I have a hard time sometimes with patience, and in the dorms I have to be patient if people are listening to music, watching TV, or just making noise when I am trying to do homework or sleep.
Even though it was hard the first days, I am now enjoying having friends living in the same house as if they were my brothers and sisters.	Even though it was hard the first few days, I am now enjoying having friends living in the same house as if they were my brothers and sisters.
First Entry	First Entry
Hello!	Hello!
This is my first of many entries.	This is my first of many entries.
Currently, I’m studying English in the USA.	Currently, I’m studying English in the USA.
I think it’s a great opportunity to study a language in its source country, right?	I think it’s a great opportunity to study a language in its source country, right?
I’ve been studying English since 1st grade.	I’ve been studying English since 1st grade.
I like people correcting my writing in Spanish and English.	I like people correcting my writing in Spanish and English.
Usually, I use Word’s spelling check, but sometimes when you correct it the meaning of the sentence changes.	Usually, I use Word’s spelling check, but sometimes when you correct it the meaning of the sentence changes.
So, I also like friends and other people to check it for me so I can have a different opinion about it.	So, I also like friends and other people to check it for me so I can have a different opinion about it.
I really like writing in the Internet.	I really like writing on the Internet.
What I normally use is Facebook and Twitter; hopefully I’ll like posting here in Lang-8 too!	What I normally use is Facebook and Twitter; hopefully I’ll like posting here in Lang-8 too!
This is a new experience for me, because on the other WebPages I have privacy settings and only some people can read my posts; in here I hope to get as many opinions as possible to improve as much as I can.	This is a new experience for me, because on the other WebPages I have privacy settings and only some people can read my posts; in here I hope to get as many opinions as possible to improve as much as I can.
"Live to Dance"	"Live to Dance"
Two weeks ago I had one of my many dreams come true.	Two weeks ago I had one of my many dreams come true.
I’ve always wanted to see a TV show live.	I’ve always wanted to see a TV show live.
Finally I had the opportunity to go, and the best part is that the show is about dance.	Finally I had the opportunity to go, and the best part is that the show was about dance.
How could it be better?	How could it have been better? or to sound more natural it could not have been better!
It’s actually a new show that will be airing in January and I went with two friends to the pilot.	It’s actually a new show that will be airing in January and I went with two friends to the pilot.
They don’t have rules; the only thing is people need to dance.	They don’t have any rules; the only thing people need to do is dance.
It doesn’t matter if it’s by yourself in duet or group, you get to choose the type of dance and the age doesn’t matter either.	It doesn’t matter if it’s by yourself in a duet or a group, you get to choose the type of dance and your age doesn’t matter either.
The producer is Paula Abdul, so I got to meet her!	The producer is Paula Abdul, so I got to meet her!
She is one of the three judges.	She is one of the three judges.
My favorite singer/dancer from Pussycat Dolls, Kim Wyatt, is one of them!	My favorite singer/dancer from Pussycat Dolls, Kim Wyatt, is also one of the judges!
The third judge is Travis Payne, Michael Jackson’s choreographer for his movie “This is it”.	The third judge is Travis Payne, Michael Jackson’s choreographer for his movie “This is it”.
You can imagine how excited I was and I had so much fun.	You can imagine how excited I was and I had so much fun.
I can just say it’s an amazing show that I can truly recommend.	I can just say it’s an amazing show and that I can truly recommend it.
Phantom of the Opera	Phantom of the Opera
On Thursday I went to see the Phantom of the Opera at the Pantages Theatre.	On Thursday, I went to see the Phantom of the Opera at the Pantages Theatre.
Actually, it’s the third time I see this awesome play.	Actually, it’s the third time I've seen this awesome play.
By saying this you can easily tell I love musicals.	From this, you can easily tell that I love musicals.
I went with three other friends this time and had a really good time since we were trying to get the tickets.	I went with three other friends this time and had a really good time since we were trying to get the tickets.
It was really hard getting them.	It was really hard to get them.
They were selling them at the university very cheap, but there were only a few of them, so we had to make long lines to get them.	They were selling them at the university for very cheap, but there were only a few of them, so we had to wait in long lines to get them.
Then it was also fun getting our outfits for that day.	t was also fun getting our outfits for that day.
Then on our way there we listened to music and were very excited.	Then on our way there we listened to music and were very excited.
The musical was great!	The musical was great!
As expected; and my favorite song that day was “Phantom of the Opera”, that song was really intense and I got goose bumps.	as was expected. And my favorite song that day was “Phantom of the Opera;” that song was really intense and even gave me goosebumps.
After it I went with my friends to eat a late dinner, because as we thought we were very hungry after the show.	Afterwards, I went with my friends to eat a late dinner, because we thought we were very hungry after the show.
This was a really good experience I will never forget.	This was a really good experience I will never forget.
Hi, everyone!	Hi, everyone!
My name is Nicolás, and in about 2 weeks, I'll go to Japan as an exchange student for a semester, classes are in in english, so I need to practice it a little more.	My name is Nicolás, and in about 2 weeks, I'll go to Japan as an exchange student for a semester, classes are in in English, so I need to practice it a little more.
Now, I'm sort of busy with the preparations for the flight (I mean, I should be way busier that I'm right now), but I already got the ticket, the visa, and I made the reservation for the hostel in which I'll stay a couple days; so, now I'm just preparing my luggage and some souvenirs from here (just in case).	Now, I'm sort of busy with the preparations for the flight (I mean, I should be way busier than I'm right now), but I already got the ticket, the visa, and I made the reservation for the hostel in which I'll stay a couple days; so, now I'm just preparing my luggage and some souvenirs from here (just in case).
I'd like to practice my japanese as well, but I don't feel really confident with my current level.	I'd like to practice my Japanese as well, but I don't feel really confident with my current level.
I can read hiragana and katakana (but sometimes I confuse some symbols and forget some others) and some kanjis.	I can read hiragana and katakana (but sometimes I confuse some symbols and forget some others) and some kanjis.
When I start the japanese lessons I'll start to write in japanese.	When I start the Japanese lessons I'll start to write in Japanese .
Ok, that's it for now.	Ok, that's it for now.
I'm not really good at writing (I don't mean I write poorly, but I'm just not used to it- not evevn in spaish).	I'm not really good at writing (I don't mean I write poorly, but I'm just not used to it- not even in Spanish).
Crazy week	Crazy week
Wow!	Wow!
This has been a really crazy week.	This has been a really crazy week.
I'm going to study in a Japanese university for one semester, so I was finishing all the paperwork last week.	I'm going to study in a Japanese university for one semester, so I was finishing all the paperwork for it last week.
The deadline was August 20th, and on August 19th I went to my University to send the documents.	The deadline was August 20th, so on August 19th I went to my University to send the documents.
I was almost on the deadline, so I asked the Exchange Coordinatrors to fax the documents (to be sure that they make it on time) and besides I asked them to mail the documents to Japan.	I was almost on the deadline, so I needed the Exchange Coordinators to fax the documents (to be sure that they made it on time). I asked them to mail the documents to Japan.
Well, the day before yesterday I received an email from the Japanese University, telling me that they haven't still got the documents, just the fax, but that wasn't enough, they needed the originals	Well the day before yesterday, I received an email from the Japanese University telling me that they still haven't got the documents, just the fax, but that wasn't enough, they needed the originals.
I rushed to  my University to ask them what happened there, and after some time trying to figure out the problem, we realized that when I said "mail the documents" they assumed that I meant "e-mail the documents.	I rushed to my University to ask them what had happened , so after some time trying to figure out the problem, we realized that when I had asked "mail the documents" but they assumed that I meant "e-mail" the documents.
Now, after some mailing with the Japanese University, the problem seems to be solved, and the documents were mailed (by regular mail this time).	Now after mailing the Japanese University, the problem seems to be solved when the documents were mailed (by regular mail this time).
THANK you for nothing	THANK you for nothing
six day ago i wrote   	six day ago i wrote   
raulsan Sep 02nd 2009 23:47 	raulsan Sep 02nd 2009 23:47 
im gone try with a short text my first time.	im gone try with a short text my first time.
first of all i have been trying study english during the last teen years but i have a big problem, here in spain i never practice because we dont use this language, like you knows all the english films are translated to spanish language.	first of all i have been trying study english during the last teen years but i have a big problem, here in spain i never practice because we dont use this language, like you knows all the english films are translated to spanish language.
Here in spain only a few percentage of the people speak english, then there are no oportunities to practice, no conversation no listening.	Here in spain only a few percentage of the people speak english, then there are no oportunities to practice, no conversation no listening.
In my particular case i have been speaking english when i was working in japan and with this people i hdd no problems because the pronunciation its similar than when spanish people try to speak english, i mean horrible, this is the reason i can speak english with a spanish one, a japanese one or similar but the problems start when i try to speak with a native english and increase if i try with an american, then i should say sorry i dont speak your language because american pronunciation its like speak martian (of course australian also different...)	In my particular case i have been speaking english when i was working in japan and with this people i hdd no problems because the pronunciation its similar than when spanish people try to speak english, i mean horrible, this is the reason i can speak english with a spanish one, a japanese one or similar but the problems start when i try to speak with a native english and increase if i try with an american, then i should say sorry i dont speak your language because american pronunciation its like speak martian (of course australian also different...)
please if not with pronunciation help me with writing	please if not with pronunciation help me with writing
Nobody help me THANK YOU everybody	Nobody help me THANK YOU everybody
VISITA MI PÁGINA	VISITA MI PÁGINA
VISITA MI PÁGINA, CONOCE COSAS INTERESANTES.	VISITA MI PÁGINA, CONOCE COSAS INTERESANTES.
I´m going to classes !	I´m going to classes !
Hi lang-8 users in Spain are 8.00 am and i going to boring classes xD	Hi lang-8 users in Spain are 8.00 am and i going to boring classes xD
Bye !	Bye !
Hi !! I´m sad...	Hi !! I´m sad...
Hi , my name is kevin i´m from spanish , i just return for my holidays :( !	Hi , my name is Kevin i´m from Spain, I just returned for my holidays :( !
.	.
I´m back with much learn to english languaje !	I´m back with much to learn about the English language!
Help please!!	Help please!!
Start to learn english !!	Start to learn english !!
Hi!!	Hi!!
lang-8 users !	lang-8 users !
i start learn to english in internet , TV series subtitled etc...	I started to learn english from the internet, TV series subtitled etc...
!	!
I hope in 2 years i´m talk and writing a perfect english !	I hope in 2 years I will be able to speak and write in perfect English !
Thanks :))	Thanks :))
I´m go to sleep!	I'm going to sleep!
People !	People !
i´m go to sleep , i´m very very sleeping ...	I'm going to sleep , I'm very very sleepy ...
Bye!	Bye!
My dream...	My dream...
...	...
is travel to UK in two years and i can relate with english people !!	is to travel to the UK in two years so I can talk with English people !!
would you b e who you are today if you hdan´t endured the trials in your life?	would you b e who you are today if you hdan´t endured the trials in your life? 
Trials in our live build our personality.	Trials in our live build our personality.
I think that all trials in our life are important for get experience in our daily living for these 3 reasons.	I think that all trials in our life are important for get experience in our daily living for these 3 reasons.
First when you affront a trial in your daily living, you learn that error that you done, because you or someone show you and teach you.	First when you affront a trial in your daily living, you learn that error that you done, because you or someone show you and teach you.
For example when you was in school and had a party whit your friend sometimes you drink alcoholics drinks, after that is a trial because you didn´t have the age for drink.	For example when you was in school and had a party whit your friend sometimes you drink alcoholics drinks, after that is a trial because you didn´t have the age for drink.
But there is a friend or your father for teach you, in that moment, you had an opportunity for build your personality, when you decide if you earn the message or not.	But there is a friend or your father for teach you, in that moment, you had an opportunity for build your personality, when you decide if you earn the message or not.
The second is in many of your trials you would have the opportunity to decide what you have to do, and depend of your decisions you build you personality.	The second is in many of your trials you would have the opportunity to decide what you have to do, and depend of your decisions you build you personality.
For example, with my preview example, before you start to drink you have the opportunity to decide if you want or not.	For example, with my preview example, before you start to drink you have the opportunity to decide if you want or not.
i think that personality is the base to know who you are and you build and use this when you affront your trials.	i think that personality is the base to know who you are and you build and use this when you affront your trials.
From now on, I'll try writing easier Japanese sentences.	From now on, I'll try writing easier Japanese sentences.
I will write English and Japanese translations too for better understanding.	I will write English and Japanese translations too for better understanding.
I'm still a beginner student, but I want to speak Japanese better.	I'm still a beginner student, but I want to speak Japanese better.
If I practice Japanese everyday, I think I will speak it better.	If I practice Japanese everyday, I think I will speak it better.
That's why I am looking forward to learning more.	That's why I am looking forward to learning more.
I'll do my best!	I'll do my best!
Today, I want to talk about my interests.	Today, I want to talk about my interests.
Before going to bed, I always read books.	Before going to bed, I always read books.
Right now, I am reading Haruki Murakami's works.	Right now, I am reading Haruki Murakami's works.
I'm sure Japanese people know him.	I'm sure Japanese people know him.
Haruki Murakami is a really famous and talented Japanese writer.	Haruki Murakami is a really famous and talented Japanese writer.
I really like Haruki Murakami's works.	I really like Haruki Murakami's works.
"The Wind-Up Bird Chornicle" is my favourite book.	"The Wind-Up Bird Chornicle" is my favourite book.
I am trying to read every book (of his).	I am trying to read every book (of his).
Someday, I would like to be able to read books in Japanese, but that is impossible.	Someday, I would like to be able to read books in Japanese, but that is impossible.
Truth is, in Spain, translations take a lot of time.	Truth is, in Spain, translations take a lot of time.
What a pity, but I understand the reasons.	What a pity, but I understand the reasons.
Japanese-English translations must be difficult.	Japanese-English translations must be difficult.
Do you know any other Japanese authors?	Do you know any other Japanese authors?
As always, thanks for your help!	As always, thanks for your help!
I'm in a rush, so I have no time for an English translation.	I'm in a rush, so I have no time for an English translation.
About nuclear energy.	About nuclear energy.
The nuclear energy is one of the problems and solutions of the future.	nuclear energy is one of the problems and solutions for the future.
Well, why nuclear energy is a problem ans a solution at a time?	Well, why nuclear energy is a problem ans a solution at a time? why is nuclear energy a problem and a solution at the same time?
It has advantages and disadvantages.	It has advantages and disadvantages.
His principal problem are the waste, because the wastes are very has for the evironment for many years.	The principal problem is the waste, because the wastes are very has for the evironment for many years. because waste continues to affect the environment for many years.
But the fossil fuels are disappearing and the other alternative energy are not fully developed.	But fossil fuels are running out and alternative forms of energy are not yet fully developed.
The nuclear energy is the solution to the problem of the future energy deficit.	Nuclear energy is the solution to the problem of the future energy deficit.
In conclusion, I think that nuclear energy is needed for the world until alternative energy are developed.	In conclusion, I think that nuclear energy is needed for the world until alternative energy are developed. I think that the world needs nuclear energy until alternative forms of energy are developed.
St. Juan's fire in Gijón	St. Juan's fire in Gijón
In the last night in Gijón was the St Juan's fire.	Last night in Gijón was the St Juan's fire.
It is a party where the people go to the beach with friends and alcohol.	It is a party where people go to the beach with friends and alcohol.
At the 12 o'clock start the fireworks and the fire.	At 12 o'clock the fireworks and the fire begin.
Some legends say that if you make a wish and burn, it becomes reality.	Some legends say that if you make a wish at the fire, it becomes reality.
Some legends say that if you make a wish and burn, it becomes reality.	Some legends say that if you make a wish on a piece of paper and burn it, it becomes reality.
Many people make their own fire and jump, because brings good luck.	Many people make their own fire and jump, because it brings good luck.
Many people make their own fire and jump, because brings good luck.	Many people make their own fire and jump over it, because it brings good luck.
This night is the shortest of the year and we have fun!!	This night is the shortest of the year and we have fun!!
In this festival have concerts and many pubs, where the night never ends.	At this festival there are concerts and many pubs, where the night never ends.
I had a great time with my friend and i hope that the next year is better.	I had a great time with my friend and I hope that next year is even better.
I encourage you to come to this party.	I encourage you to come to this party.
Kisses!!	Kisses!!
"My favourite author." :)	"My favourite author." :)
Next text talk about my favourite author and one of his books.	Next text talk about my favourite author and one of his books.
My favourite author is Federico Moccia.	My favourite author is Federico Moccia.
He was born in Rome (Italy) in 1963.	He was born in Rome (Italy) in 1963.
He writes love stories about the new romance in the young people and the consequences .	He writes love stories about the new romance in the young people and the consequences .
One of her books, "Perdona si te llamo amor" but the better know around the world is "A tres metros sobre el cielo".	One of her books, "Perdona si te llamo amor" but the better know around the world is "A tres metros sobre el cielo".
The two books are love stories.	The two books are love stories.
All the books are developed in Rome.	All the books are developed in Rome.
In the first story, the protagonist is Alex a famous publicist in Rome.	In the first story, the protagonist is Alex a famous publicist in Rome.
He is 37.	He is 37.
But I think in this story there are two protagonists.	But I think in this story there are two protagonists.
The other is Nicky a young girl, student in a high school.	The other is Nicky a young girl, student in a high school.
She is 17.	She is 17.
One day they are an accident.	One day they are an accident.
After that they meet other days.	After that they meet other days.
Gently they start a new story together.	Gently they start a new story together.
But the different age is very important for the people around them.	But the different age is very important for the people around them.
They leave in one occasion because Alex becomes with the ex-girlfriend.	They leave in one occasion because Alex becomes with the ex-girlfriend.
Finally they are together.	Finally they are together.
This book is a good love story.	This book is a good love story.
In my opinion one of the best I have read.	In my opinion one of the best I have read.
And I read a lot!!!	And I read a lot!!!
E-mail.	E-mail.
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
The next week I have a English test  very important.	Next week I have a very important English test.
So I have to make text to practice.	I have to make up sentences to practice.
I would appreciate the corrections!!!!	I would appreciate corrections!!!!
This text is invented.	This text is made up.
It is a email for a a fictitious friend.	It is an email for a fictitious friend.
Well,I will star.	Well, I will start.
Hi Tom!	Hi Tom!
I couldn´t write beacouse I was very busy this month.	I couldn´t write because I was very busy this month. *might want to explain when you couldn't write. Such as "I couldn't write last month because I was very busy"
This summer I am feeling very happy, the parties and all my friends stay in Gijón most of time.	I am very happy this summer because there are lots of parties and my friends are here.
The next Sunday will go to a concert.	Next Sunday I will go to a concert.
I am vey impatien because Maldita Nerea is one of the best group for me.	I am very impatient because Maldita Nerea is one of my favorite bands.
Do you remember Sara?	Do you remember Sara?
She have a new boyfriend, he is very friendly with us and they are very much in love.	She has a new boyfriend. He is very friendly and they are very much in love.
And you, have you news for me?	What about you? Do you have any news for me?
Something interesnting happend to you?	Has anything interesting happened to you?
I hope your answer with the news.	I hope you will write back with some news.
Presentation	Presentation
First of all, i would like to introduce.	First of all, I would like to introduce myself.
My name is Beatriz and now, i live in Gijon.	My name is Beatriz and I'm currently living in Gijon.
Gijon is a city located in the north of Spain.	Gijon is a city located in the north of Spain.
I born in this city, too.	I was brought in the city.
This town have three beaches very very beatiful.	This town has three absolutely beautiful  beaches.
Is very important because it is summer and the temperatures are warm.	This is very important because it is summer and the temperatures are warm.
Is easy to see that i dont know much English, but i want to learn more.	It's easy to see that I dont know much English, but I want to learn more.
Every years my calification in this subject are very low.	Every year, my understanding in this subject is very low.
I think this subject in my country i really bad and the level of English of the students is very little.	I think this subject in my country i really bad and the level of English of the students is very little.
The organization of this matter is catastrophic, for teacher the grammar is more important tha speaking.	The organization of this matter is catastrophic, for teacher the grammar is more important tha speaking.
Thanks for reading this, Bea.	Thanks for reading this, Bea.
:)	:)
A biography.	A biography.
Pablo Neruda, one of the best poets of the world in all lenguages.	Pablo Neruda, one of the best poets of the world in all lenguages.
He was born in Parrar ( Chile)in 1904.	He was born in Parrar ( Chile)in 1904.
He is a poet and politi of his country.	He is a poet and politi of his country.
His books are very interesting because they show the reality of the life.	His books are very interesting because they show the reality of the life.
There are many book of his author and the mayority are know around the world.	There are many book of his author and the mayority are know around the world.
His mother died when he was a baby.	His mother died when he was a baby.
Neruda studied in "Liceo de Hombres de Terruco".	Neruda studied in "Liceo de Hombres de Terruco".
When the Spanish civil war started and his friend, Garcia Lorca, was murdered, he writes España en el corazón.	When the Spanish civil war started and his friend, Garcia Lorca, was murdered, he writes España en el corazón.
He has the best works of the world and are well know.	He has the best works of the world and are well know.
Some of his best know works one Residencia en la tierra and "Veinte poemas de amor y una cancion desesperada".	Some of his best know works one Residencia en la tierra and "Veinte poemas de amor y una cancion desesperada".
,	,
Next text talk about my favourite author and one of his books.	Next text talk about my favourite author and one of his books.
My favourite author is Federico Moccia.	My favourite author is Federico Moccia.
He was born in Rome (Italy) in 1963.	He was born in Rome (Italy) in 1963.
He writes love stories about the new romance in the young people and the consequences .	He writes love stories about the new romance in the young people and the consequences .
One of her books, "Perdona si te llamo amor" but the better know around the world is "A tres metros sobre el cielo".	One of her books, "Perdona si te llamo amor" but the better know around the world is "A tres metros sobre el cielo".
The two books are love stories.	The two books are love stories.
All the books are developed in Rome.	All the books are developed in Rome.
In the first story, the protagonist is Alex a famous publicist in Rome.	In the first story, the protagonist is Alex a famous publicist in Rome.
He is 37.	He is 37.
But I think in this story there are two protagonists.	But I think in this story there are two protagonists.
The other is Nicky a young girl, student in a high school.	The other is Nicky a young girl, student in a high school.
She is 17.	She is 17.
One day they are an accident.	One day they are an accident.
After that they meet other days.	After that they meet other days.
Gently they start a new story together.	Gently they start a new story together.
But the different age is very important for the people around them.	But the different age is very important for the people around them.
They leave in one occasion because Alex becomes with the ex-girlfriend.	They leave in one occasion because Alex becomes with the ex-girlfriend.
Finally they are together.	Finally they are together.
This book is a good love story.	This book is a good love story.
In my opinion one of the best I have read.	In my opinion one of the best I have read.
And I read a lot!!!	And I read a lot!!!
Descripcion of a famous singer or musician.	Descripcion of a famous singer or musician.
The singer Bruno Mars is from Honolulu, in Hawai.	The singer Bruno Mars is from Honolulu, in Hawai.
He is medium-height, thing and mixed race.	He is medium-height, thing and mixed race.
His mother is from Flipinas and his father is from Puerto Rico.	His mother is from Flipinas and his father is from Puerto Rico.
He is extremely good-looking with brown eyes and short curly hair.	He is extremely good-looking with brown eyes and short curly hair.
His smile is very beautifull, when he smiles the world shines.	His smile is very beautifull, when he smiles the world shines.
He is one of my favorites singers in the world.	He is one of my favorites singers in the world.
He's very friendly and a happy person.	He's very friendly and a happy person.
In the concerts he goes with the people on many occasions.	In the concerts he goes with the people on many occasions.
He was a young man when he made his first songs.	He was a young man when he made his first songs.
In 2010 he released his first album "Doo-Wops & Hooligans".	In 2010 he released his first album "Doo-Wops & Hooligans".
His songs better know aorund the world are Just the way you are and Grenade.	His songs better know aorund the world are Just the way you are and Grenade.
His music are very special because there are many types og music genres.	His music are very special because there are many types og music genres.
A description of a place.	A description of a place.
My favourite place is one of the islands in the south of Portugal.	My favourite place is one of the islands in the south of Portugal.
The name of this island is Tavira.	The name of this island is Tavira.
It is small and to get there, we travel 30 minutes by boat.	It is small and to get there, you have to travel for 30 minutes by boat.
There are many beaches, where the people go for a swim, walk or surf.	There are a lot of beaches, where the people go to swim, walk or surf.
There are many surfers in the sea beacuse there are good waves.	There are a lot of surfers in the sea beacuse there are good waves.
It is very relaxing and al places are very clean.	It is very relaxing and everywhere is very clean.
On the coast have many restaurant with different sytles.	On the coast there are a lot of different kinds of restaurant.
I particularly recommend you visit this place beacuse the views are so spectacular.	I particularly recommend you visit this place beacuse the views are so spectacular.
You can see fantastic things in this island!	You can see some fantastic things on this island!
My life	My life
Today, I speak about my life.	Today, I'm going to speak about my life.
It is very small because I am 17 years old.	It is very small because I am only 17 years old.
It is very small because I am 17 years old.	It's not an incorrect sentence, but it sounds unnatural. It would be better to say, "There's not much to say, since I'm only 17 years old."
I born in Gijón a coastal city in Spain.	I was born in Gijón, a coastal city in Spain.
I born in Gijón a coastal city in Spain.	I was born in Gijón, a coastal city in Spain.
When I was 1 year my parents separated and I started to live whith my mother in Fuerteventura, one of the Canarias Islands.	When I was one year old my parents separated and I started to live with my mother in Fuerteventura, one of the Canary Islands.
When I was 1 year my parents separated and I started to live whith my mother in Fuerteventura, one of the Canarias Islands.	When I was a year old, my parents separated. I moved with my mother to Fuerteventura, one of the Canarias Islands.
In this island lived one year after become to Gijón.	In this island lived one year after become to Gijón 
In this island lived one year after become to Gijón.	I lived on this island one year before moving back to Gijón.
Today, I'm living in this city.	Today, I'm living in this city.
I have one brother, he's 15, and two sisters, they're 24 and 14 years.	I have one brother, he's 15, and two sisters, they're 24 and 14 years old.
My older sister is studying Medicine at the University of Oviedo, the capital of Asturias.	My older sister is studying Medicine at the University of Oviedo, the capital of Asturias.
She is a good students but I study more less.	She is a good student but I study less than her. 
She is a good students but I study more less.	She is a good student, but I don't study as much as her.
My other sister study in the school and  the next year she goes to high school.	My other sister is studying at school and next year she goes to high school.
My other sister study in the school and  the next year she goes to high school.	My other sister studies in school, then next year she will go to high school.
My future	My future
Hi everybody, today I want to talk about the day that I pass in the University of Barcelona.	Hi everybody, today I want to talk about the day that I passed in the University of Barcelona.
It was very useful for think about what I want to do, what things I like more, what I can study in the future.	It was very useful for me to think about what I want to do, what things I like most, what I can study in the future.
Furthermore, I could meet very nice people who study in this University and they help me a lot with my confusion.	Furthermore, I had a chance to meet some very nice people who study in this University and they helped me a lot with my confusion.
First, we arrive at school and we go by bus to Barcelona.	First, we arrived at school and we went by bus to Barcelona.
I have a good time in the bus because I talk with a lot of people that I never talk with them, so I can know things about them.	I had a good time on the bus because I talked with a lot of people that I never talked with before and I learnt new things about them.
I laugh a lot with Nicole, Alex, Adrian, German… 	I laughed a lot with Nicole, Alex, Adrian, German… 
Second, we arrive to the University and we go to our expositions and I go with Nicole in the same class.	Second, we arrived at the University and we went to our expositions and I went with Nicole who was in the same class.
But, when they finish this exposition we go to different classes, so I go with Nicole until her class and then I go so fast to my class for listen my exposition.	But, when they finished this exposition we had to go to different classes, so I went with Nicole l to her class and then I hurried to my class to listen to my exposition.
They repeat the introduction of the first power point and I don’t like a lot this, but in fact, when they talk about all the languages I feel nervous and I want to study a lot of things.	They repeated the introduction of the first power point and I didn´t like this very much, but in fact, when they talked about all the languages I felt nervous and I wanted to study a lot of things.
Before the second exposition, Nicole and I, we meet a boy who is studying there	Before the second exposition, Nicole and I met a boy who is studying there.
He said that he wants to do Japanese, but he couldn’t because his note was 8, 1 and another boy have 8, 2, and this boy come from Alicante.	He said that he wanted to do Japanese, but he couldn’t because his note was 8, 1 and another boy had 8, 2, and that boy comes from Alicante.
I disagree with that, because he comes only for do Japanese, because where he was living didn’t do it and then, he couldn’t do it.	I disagree with that, because he only came to do Japanese, because where he was living didn’t do it and then, he couldn’t do it.
Furthermore, He tries to change for Japanese now.	Furthermore, He is trying to change to Japanese now.
In conclusion, at this moment I don’t know what I want to do in the future, but I know that I want to do something that I really like and I continue studying languages always because I love it.	In conclusion, at this moment I don’t know what I want to do in the future, but I know that I want to do something that I really like and to continue studying languages always because I love it.
My hometown	My hometown
I believe that my hometown, Puerto de Sagunto, is a boring place if you are a teenager and you live there in winter.	I believe that my hometown, Puerto de Sagunto, is a boring place if you are a teenager and you live there in winter.
But  despite of this, it is the best place to stay in summer.	But despite this, it is the best place to stay in summer.
Puerto de Sagunto is a seaside town where people have a good time doing many things.	Puerto de Sagunto is a seaside town where people have a good time doing many things.
For example, dancing, swimming, doing sports, going to concerts…  As for nightlife, I think that there are not too many places to go, only two or three discos.	For example, dancing, swimming, playing sports, going to concerts… As for nightlife, I think that there are not too many places to go, only two or three discos.
It seems to me that it happens because people prefer to drink near the beach paying a cheaper alcohol.	It seems to me that it happens because people prefer to drink near the beach paying for cheaper alcohol.
Furthermore, in winter it is quite cold so you can’t go to swim.	Furthermore, in winter it is quite cold so you can’t go swimming.
To sum up, it’s a beautiful place or a boring place, depending on the issue.	To sum up, it’s a beautiful place or a boring place, depending on one's point of view.
A formal letter	A formal letter
First of all, I want to say that all I write down it's not true.	First of all, I want to say what I have written is t not true.
And thanks for correct me ^^	And thanks for your corrections ^^
Formal letter:	Formal letter:
       4 Crhistin Street	       4 Crhistin Street
       Birmimgham C17	       Birmimgham C17
14th May, 2011	May 14, 2011
Mr JYP entertainament	Mr JYP entertainament
44 Down Street	44 Down Street
Barcelona	Barcelona
Dear Mr JYP,	Dear Mr JYP,
I am writing in response of your advertisement for a new secretary in the agency.	I am writing in response to your advertisement for a new secretary in the agency.
I am really interest on it and I would like to apply for this job.	I am really interest in it and I would like to apply for this job.
My qualifications include a master on British English, French.	My qualifications include a mastery of British English and French.
My family tongue is Spanish and Catalan and I am learning Chinese and Korean.	My fmother tongue is Spanish and Catalan, and I am also learning Chinese and Korean.
I know that for this job is really important languages (as you said on the advertisement) and that’s why I am learning all of these languages.	I know that languages are very important for this job is (as you indicated in your advertisement) and that’s why I am learning all of these languages.
I would be happy to attend an interview and ask some question that I have.	I would be happy to attend an interview and ask some question that I have.
I would appreciate information about what I will earn, who will be my fellow workers and if it’s necessary that I travel.	I would appreciate any information you could give me regarding remuneration, who my fellow workers would be, and if this job requires travel .
For me travel a lot it’s not a problem but I would be grateful for this information.	Frequent travel would not be a problem, but I would still be grateful for this information. 
Please reply me as soon as possible.	Please reply to me as soon as possible. 
I look forward to hearing from you.	I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours Faithfully,	Yours Faithfully,
Maribel Molinos .	Maribel Molinos .
My views on medicine	My Views on Medicine
We (my family) are having a great battle against viruses these last weeks.	We (my family) are having a great battle against viruses these last few weeks.
First one of my sons got gastroenteritis, then the other caught a cold and passed it to her brother and her mum and I also got the gastroenteritis, that is lasting 15 days.	Firstly, one of my sons got gastroenteritis. My daughter caught a cold and passed it to her brother and her mom. I also got gastroenteritis. It lasted 15 days.
So, what is my opinion about medicine?	So, what is my opinion about medicine?
Well, there is no much medicine can do for a gastroenteritis, just a soft-food diet, but in general I would say that I believe in a mixture of traditional medicine and alternative medicine (in my case, homeopathy).	Well, there is not much medicine can do for a gastroenteritis, just a soft-food diet. In general, I would say that I believe in a mixture of traditional medicine and alternative medicine (in my case, homeopathy).
I think that in many cases, traditional medicine works and it's necessary, but I also think that homeopathy works for some kind of situations and it's more natural and do not have such contraindications or side effects.	I think that in many cases, traditional medicine works and it's necessary, but I also think that homeopathy works for some kinds of situations and it's more natural. There are also not as many contraindications or side effects.
I'm not mad about alternative medicine and I don't believe in miraculous cures neither, but I must say that it worked for me and my asthma.	I'm not crazy about alternative medicine and I don't believe in miraculous cures neither, but I must say that it has worked for me and my asthma.
I didn't have a serious asthma, but traditional medicine just kept on giving me spray products that were quite strong but didn't work for me.	I didn't have serious asthma, but traditional medicine continued to provide me with spray products that were quite strong but didn't work for me.
After trying homeopathy for the first time, it virtually solved my problem in less than a couple of years.	After trying homeopathy for the first time, it virtually solved my problem in less than a couple of years.
Now I don't take anything and I can hold a normal life.	Now I don't take anything and I can hold a normal life.
That's true that I would not be able to take part in the Olympics, but I found a solution that traditional medicine did not.	It's true that I would not be able to take part in the Olympics, but I found a solution that traditional medicine did not.
Places to visit	Places to visit
I would like to say that there are just a few places that I would like to go to, that would mean that I've already visited a lot of places.	I would like to say that there are just a few places that I would like to go to, because that would mean that I've already visited a lot of places.
Unfortunately, that's not true.	Unfortunately, that's not true. We can also say "that's not the case".  What you wrote is just fine, though :).
I'd like to visit so many places in the world, that I am sure I will not have the money, nor the time to do it.	I'd like to visit so many places in the world, that I am sure I will not have the money, nor the time to do it.
However, there are a couple of places that have recently aroused my interest: New York and San Francisco.	However, there are a couple of places that have recently aroused my interest: New York and San Francisco.
I have never felt any particular desire to visit the USA more than any other country, but last year I helped a friend (who is an English teacher here in Spain) preparing a project for high school students about USA cities.	I have never felt any particular desire to visit the USA more than any other country, but last year I helped a friend (who is an English teacher here in Spain) prepare a project for high school students about US cities.
So I read a lot of things about approximately 10 cities.	So I read a lot of things about approximately 10 cities.
And among them, I discovered a lot of interesting things about those two.	And among them, I discovered a lot of interesting things about those two.
I also use to listen to a podcast of a man who lives in San Francisco and, of course, he talks a lot about the city.	I also used to listen to a podcast by a man who lives in San Francisco and, of course, he talks a lot about the city. To be honest, I get confused about when you write "use to" and when you write "used to", but I'm pretty sure it's "used to" in this case :).
Who knows?	Who knows?
Maybe next year I'll get to travel to the USA.	Maybe next year I'll get to travel to the USA. Just fyi, in spoken language it's more normal to say US than USA.  
Introduction for a photo book (part 2)	Introduction for a photo book (part 2)
This is me and my wife, Marta, in my second trip to Ireland.	This is me and my wife, Marta, in our second trip to Ireland.
This is me and my wife, Marta, in my second trip to Ireland.	This is me and my wife, Marta, on our second trip to Ireland.
I would have loved to show her the west coast of the country, but 4 days was not enough for that, so we just stayed in Dublin.	I would have loved to show her the West coast of the country, but 4 days was not enough for that, so we just stayed in Dublin.
On the third day, we bought a day ticket for the DART (Dublin Area Rapid Transport), and we travelled to the surrounding villages outside of Dublin.	On the third day, we bought a day ticket for the DART (Dublin Area Rapid Transport), and we travelled to the surrounding villages outside Dublin.
In the morning we went to the south and we stopped in Killeney and Seapoint.	In the morning we went to the South and we stopped in Killeney and Seapoint.
In the afternoon we went to the north and stopped in Raheny and Sulton.	In the afternoon we went to the North and stopped in Raheny and Sulton.
All Dublin pictures, except 4 or 5 that I shot in march when I arrived to Ireland before going to Galway, were taken in september 2009.	All Dublin pictures, except 4 or 5 that I shot in March when I arrived in Ireland before going to Galway, were taken in September 2009.
Almost 200 hundred pages read this weekend	Almost 200 hundred pages read this weekend
Wow!!	Wow!!
I’m really excited!	I’m really excited!
This weekend I went, with my wife and my two kids (they’re 19 months twins), to my parents-in-law’s second home in the countryside (it’s two hours driving from Barcelona).	This weekend I went, with my wife and my two kids (they’re 19 month old twins), to my parents-in-law’s second home in the countryside (it’s two hours driving from Barcelona).
The idea was to be able to have a bit of rest (you know, grandparents help with the children) and also to work a little.	The idea was to be able to have a bit of rest (you know, grandparents help with the children) and also to work a little.
So I brought my laptop but....	So I brought my laptop but....
Oh no!	Oh no!
In the rush preparing things to leave, I forgot my pendrive with all my work in my desktop!!!	In the rush preparing things to leave, I forgot my pendrive with all my work in my desktop!!!
So what did I do?	So what did I do?
Well, fortunately I had the book I’m reading at present, and also my iPhone with the audiobook version: Deception Point, by Dan Brown.	 Well, fortunately I had the book I´m presently reading, and also my iPhone with the audiobook version: Deception Point, by Dan Brown.
Oh my god, I can’t remember reading/listening so much in just two days!!!	Oh my God, I can’t remember reading/listening so much in just two days!!!
Friday afternoon, when we left Barcelona, I was in page 154.	I was on page 154 when we left Barcelona on a Friday afternoon.
Friday afternoon, when we left Barcelona, I was in page 154.	Friday afternoon, when we left Barcelona, I was on page 154.
Sunday night, when we came back home, I was in the page 340.	Sunday night, when we came back home, I was in page 340. I was on page 340 when we came back home on Sunday night.
Sunday night, when we came back home, I was in the page 340.	Sunday night, when we came back home, I was on page 340.
So almost 200 pages read in English and also almost 8 hours of audiobook listening!!	So altogether almost 200 pages read in English and also almost 8 hours of audiobook listening!!
I’m really happy!!!	I’m really happy!!!
And I’ve discovered that reading while listening is really fantastic!!!!	And I’ve discovered that reading while listening is really fantastic!!!!
Introduction for a photo book (part 1)	Introduction for a Photo Book (part 1)
The pictures for this book were taken in march and september 2009.	The pictures for this book were taken in March and September of 2009.
The pictures for this book were taken in march and september 2009.	The pictures for this book were taken in March and September, 2009.
The first time I visited Ireland, I spent a month in Galway and I did some really nice trips during the weekends: Aran Islands, Achill island through Connemara, Westport and Newport, and the Ring of Kerry.	The first time I visited Ireland, I spent a month in Galway and I did some really nice trips during the weekends. I went to the Aran Islands, Achill Island through Connemara, Westport, Newport and the Ring of Kerry.
The first time I visited Ireland, I spent a month in Galway and I did some really nice trips during the weekends: Aran Islands, Achill island through Connemara, Westport and Newport, and the Ring of Kerry.	The first time I visited Ireland, I spent a month in Galway and I went on some really nice trips during the weekends: the Aran Islands, Achill island via Connemara, Westport and Newport, and the Ring of Kerry.
I was very lucky so in all three trips the weather was great, and being Ireland, this is really exceptional!	I was very lucky on all three of the trips because the weather was great, and being Ireland, this was really exceptional!
Someone might ask why being Ireland so colourful, with its gorgeous sceneries, have I decided to do this book in B&W?	One might ask why I decided to do this book in B&W, considering that Ireland is such a colourful country with such gorgeous sceneries.  
Indeed it is the first time that I use monochrome for landscapes or other than people.	This is the first time that I used monochrome for landscapes other than with people.
Indeed it is the first time that I use monochrome for landscapes or other than people.	Indeed this is the first time that I have used monochrome for landscapes or for anything other than people.
I had so many pictures, that I just looked for a different point of view, and that's the result!	I had so many pictures and was looking for a different point of view. This is the result!
I want to travel to canada	I want to travel to canada
when I get older I want to travel to canada becasuse I would like to know the country where I hope to spend th rest of my life, then If it likes me and I see that canada offers the opportunities that everybody says it offers then I am going to come to my country and apply for a permanent resident..	When I get older I want to travel to Canada because I would like to know the country where I hope to spend the rest of my life. If I see that Canada offers the opportunities that everybody says it offers, then I am going to go back to to my country and apply for a permanent resident..
as long as  the assesment is evaluated, I will try to save all the money I can to settle down in that country and have a great life as to me as to my childrens	as long as  the assesment is evaluated, I will try to save all the money I can to settle down in that country and have a great life as to me as to my childrens.
I like writing about personal matters: Oscar Pistorius & Nick Vujicic	I like writing about personal matters: Oscar Pistorius & Nick Vujicic
The human beings are for nature very stupid,	The human beings are for nature very stupid,
cruel, braggart, fool and so on.	cruel, braggart, fool and so on.
But there are human beings who are extraordinay, special,	But there are human beings who are extraordinay, special,
remarkable and so on since they are a terrific model to follow	remarkable and so on since they are a terrific model to follow
and take as an example for living.	and take as an example for living.
Nick Vujicic, is an Australian motivational speaker,	Nick Vujicic, is an Australian motivational speaker,
preacher and christian orator who is an exeptional man...	preacher and christian orator who is an exeptional man...
I will tell you why:	I will tell you why:
He is a guy who is without limbs, Yes, as you had read/listened it,	He is a guy who is without limbs, Yes, as you had read/listened it,
the day he was born, he was born no arms and no legs	the day he was born, he was born no arms and no legs
with just a little, deformed "left" foot with which he does	with just a little, deformed "left" foot with which he does
everything.	everything.
There is no medical reason why this happened.	There is no medical reason why this happened.
First time I have known his story my pants fell down,	First time I have known his story my pants fell down,
literally and metaphorically due to his story was more that	literally and metaphorically due to his story was more that
just heartbreaking and sorprising.	just heartbreaking and sorprising.
He slowly and instantly changed the way I am, the way I think	He slowly and instantly changed the way I am, the way I think
and my life.	and my life.
It is surprising watching all the people who give up easily	It is surprising watching all the people who give up easily
and leave their accomplishments because they feel that	and leave their accomplishments because they feel that
it's to much or there's a long way to go or you have a heavy burden	it's to much or there's a long way to go or you have a heavy burden
on yor back; so they may even say:	on yor back; so they may even say:
"I can't do it"	"I can't do it"
"I can't anymore"	"I can't anymore"
But instead of that they should even say:	But instead of that they should even say:
"I was afraid, but no anymore"	"I was afraid, but no anymore"
"It is quite heavy, there's a long way to go but I will accomplish it"	"It is quite heavy, there's a long way to go but I will accomplish it"
or	or
"I will do it"	"I will do it"
I mean, the Nick Vujicic's example is more that just perfect	I mean, the Nick Vujicic's example is more that just perfect
to follow and to be leaded by his model.	to follow and to be leaded by his model.
As you can imagine he faced a lot of troubles and obstacles	As you can imagine he faced a lot of troubles and obstacles
during his whole life and in his life's nowadays.	during his whole life and in his life's nowadays.
I cannot imagine how hard his life was, specially when he was a child.	I cannot imagine how hard his life was, specially when he was a child.
He himself has said that during his childhood was thinking and 	He himself has said that during his childhood was thinking and 
considering suicide.	considering suicide.
The bad bullies at the school always	The bad bullies at the school always
threat him, insult him, mock him, laugh at him and so on.	threat him, insult him, mock him, laugh at him and so on.
But he always tried to ignore these words and hardly did it.	But he always tried to ignore these words and hardly did it.
He's in fact has graduated in Accounting and Financial Planning	He's in fact has graduated in Accounting and Financial Planning
and is and expert on it, bedides his story has touched	and is and expert on it, bedides his story has touched
a lot of hearts around the world.	a lot of hearts around the world.
When he was cosidering suicide	When he was cosidering suicide
he realised that his actions and all the things he accomplished	he realised that his actions and all the things he accomplished
was the motivation, inspiration, impulse and impetus	was the motivation, inspiration, impulse and impetus
for a lot of people who felt depressed, miserable and sad.	for a lot of people who felt depressed, miserable and sad.
------------	------------
Yet...	Yet...
There is another remarkable example of another person	There is another remarkable example of another person
who really wants to accomplish everything he put forward himself,	who really wants to accomplish everything he put forward himself,
Why do I use HIM?	Why do I use HIM?
Because he's another man whose story was also	Because he's another man whose story was also
amazing, not as heartbreaking as Nick's nevertheless it still being awesome	amazing, not as heartbreaking as Nick's nevertheless it still being awesome
and outstanding.	and outstanding.
I give the same arguments which I gave when I wrote	I give the same arguments which I gave when I wrote
in the part I spoke about Nick.	in the part I spoke about Nick.
He was born with legs without calf bone and ankles	He was born with legs without calf bone and ankles
and the specialistic doctors suggested to cut these	and the specialistic doctors suggested to cut these
legs due to they think there may be complications with	legs due to they think there may be complications with
the rest of his bones.	the rest of his bones.
On the begginig everything was fine, a few months later	On the begginig everything was fine, a few months later
he had his first pair of prosthesis, (as you can see in the picture I put)	he had his first pair of prosthesis, (as you can see in the picture I put)
but just as it happened with Nick the bullies at the school	but just as it happened with Nick the bullies at the school
mock him, insulted him, laugh at him.	mock him, insulted him, laugh at him.
But for him this really was never an obstacle,	But for him this really was never an obstacle,
since he had a sixth sense for sport and he has practised	since he had a sixth sense for sport and he has practised
a big number of them, right now hes practicing atheliticism	a big number of them, right now hes practicing atheliticism
where he has obtained, gained, won and get a good number of prizes 	where he has obtained, gained, won and get a good number of prizes 
and a lot of achievements.	and a lot of achievements.
Nevertheless Oscar still having a hard life in these nowadays	Nevertheless Oscar still having a hard life in these nowadays
because there have been  unfair proves on his prosthesis	because there have been  unfair proves on his prosthesis
due to the idea that they give him unfair advantage	due to the idea that they give him unfair advantage
on the races.	on the races.
------------	------------
"The day you belived you have reached your full potential	"The day you belived you have reached your full potential
is the day you have not, because you still having today"	is the day you have not, because you still having today"
NICK VUJICIC	NICK VUJICIC
"I am not an invalid, I just do not have legs, besides	"I am not an invalid, I just do not have legs, besides
everyone has a disability, the worse ones are those on spirit"	everyone has a disability, the worse ones are those on spirit"
OSCAR PISTORIUS	OSCAR PISTORIUS
"A loser is not who lose the race, is who sits, watches	"A loser is not who lose the race, is who sits, watches
and never tries to run"	and never tries to run"
A letter from OSCAR PISTORIUS' MOTHER to him	A letter from OSCAR PISTORIUS' MOTHER to him
(These are words said by him, during a conference in 2006)	(These are words said by him, during a conference in 2006)
Now, how big and great are you?	Now, how big and great are you?
How big are things which give you sorrow, fear and loneliness?	How big are things which give you sorrow, fear and loneliness?
Keep life in perspective	Keep life in perspective
And if you say:	And if you say:
"I can't"	"I can't"
"I give up"	"I give up"
"It's impossible"	"It's impossible"
"I am not accomplish it"	"I am not accomplish it"
"It's hard"	"It's hard"
You can do three things	You can do three things
1.- Take Nick's and Oscar's example and say "I CAN DO IT"	1.- Take Nick's and Oscar's example and say "I CAN DO IT"
2.- Give it up, surrender and being stupid and miserable	2.- Give it up, surrender and being stupid and miserable
3.- Throw yourself into a deep abyss for being stupid and pessimistic	3.- Throw yourself into a deep abyss for being stupid and pessimistic
----	----
Just as I said in the another text I wrote before this one:	Just as I said in the another text I wrote before this one:
"Better I stop before I star writing a new little novel"	"Better I stop before I star writing a new little novel"
Lucky scape	Lucky scape
There are people who are born with star	There are people who are born with star
but another people are born crashed.	but another people are born crashed.
(Here I use my small vocabulary in order to try to translate	(Here I use my small vocabulary in order to try to translate
an untranslatable joke in Spanish about the lcuk)	an untranslatable joke in Spanish about the lcuk)
I for example have been a fortunated person in the sense that	I for example have been a fortunated person in the sense that
I feel thankful with all the things in my life.	I feel thankful with all the things in my life.
Ia have a wonderful, nice, friend who is my doggie HUESOS,	Ia have a wonderful, nice, friend who is my doggie HUESOS,
I have a good family that cares about me,	I have a good family that cares about me,
I am studying seven languages,	I am studying seven languages,
I can read any book from the huge library of my university	I can read any book from the huge library of my university
and I have still been alive.	and I have still been alive.
Personal opinion about a general matter: The environmetal taking care and the kids raising / breeding / mannerliness	Personal opinion about a general matter: The environmetal taking care and the kids raising / breeding / mannerliness
Last week I read a text which was very interesting, I am not denying it,	Last week I read a text which was very interesting, I am not denying it,
in spite of the fact that it had a few mistakes of writing	in spite of the fact that it had a few mistakes of writing
(the author wrote it in Spanish and it is not his/her mother tongue)	(the author wrote it in Spanish and it is not his/her mother tongue)
the theme was very well developed and it has had good arguments	the theme was very well developed and it has had good arguments
and the author has a lot of good feelings about the life as we know it.	and the author has a lot of good feelings about the life as we know it.
Now, personally, this matter of taking care of the natural environmental	Now, personally, this matter of taking care of the natural environmental
is a matter/issue/subject/affair which belongs to everyone around the world	is a matter/issue/subject/affair which belongs to everyone around the world
because as long as we still hurting the planet with all the stupid things we still doing, such as pollution, cutting trees, killing animals just for fun,	because as long as we still hurting the planet with all the stupid things we still doing, such as pollution, cutting trees, killing animals just for fun,
kicking dogs, sale animals and much more, we will sure kill not only the planet	kicking dogs, sale animals and much more, we will sure kill not only the planet
we will be killing ourselves.	we will be killing ourselves.
A lot of people say that we must save the planet	A lot of people say that we must save the planet
in order to leave a good and better world to our children,	in order to leave a good and better world to our children,
the kids of our children,	the kids of our children,
for the newborns of the kids of our children,	for the newborns of the kids of our children,
and for the sons of the newborns of the kids of our children...	and for the sons of the newborns of the kids of our children...
This is a good thinking idea, but in my opinion it's 	This is a good thinking idea, but in my opinion it's 
a little bit shallow, and I will explain you why...	a little bit shallow, and I will explain you why...
Little children, are just like an sponge,	Little children, are just like an sponge,
they absorb everything they see and keep it on their minds	they absorb everything they see and keep it on their minds
and it's hard to pull it out from it.	and it's hard to pull it out from it.
Let's imagine a couple who has just had a baby,	Let's imagine a couple who has just had a baby,
if the parents are reading lovers	if the parents are reading lovers
and love animals so much that they	and love animals so much that they
take care of a lot of dogs, cats and other animals	take care of a lot of dogs, cats and other animals
there is a very big probability and potluck	there is a very big probability and potluck
that the child develops an early love	that the child develops an early love
for the reading and also he would develop	for the reading and also he would develop
a big love for animals so when he grows up	a big love for animals so when he grows up
he would never hurt even a fly.	he would never hurt even a fly.
On the other hand......	On the other hand......
Let's imagine a couple of parents,	Let's imagine a couple of parents,
who had just had a child and 	who had just had a child and 
they are mads, alcoholics, smoke a lot,	they are mads, alcoholics, smoke a lot,
the father constantly go to whorehouses and brothels,	the father constantly go to whorehouses and brothels,
he is the one who drinks until he goes beyond the wasteland,	he is the one who drinks until he goes beyond the wasteland,
the mother is an ignorant who has a job without future,	the mother is an ignorant who has a job without future,
she is the one who smokes the whole day	she is the one who smokes the whole day
they could even sale themselves as sluts in order to get some drugs,	they could even sale themselves as sluts in order to get some drugs,
think about a boy with a family such as this one I have described,	think about a boy with a family such as this one I have described,
there may/can/would be a lot of chances that the kid	there may/can/would be a lot of chances that the kid
becomes an alcoholic, a mad smoker, a whorehouse worker,	becomes an alcoholic, a mad smoker, a whorehouse worker,
any kind of criminal we can imagine.	any kind of criminal we can imagine.
(Nevertheless, this is usual and can happen most of the times,	(Nevertheless, this is usual and can happen most of the times,
this is general and there are exceptions, such as	this is general and there are exceptions, such as
there is a girl, whose story i read on a magazine, 	there is a girl, whose story i read on a magazine, 
an unstopable insatiable irrepresible hunger for knowledge,	an unstopable insatiable irrepresible hunger for knowledge,
who was remarkable,	who was remarkable,
very good student, terrific undergraduate and all good things	very good student, terrific undergraduate and all good things
you can imagine in a good student	you can imagine in a good student
and despite all this, her family and his house was like a brothel:	and despite all this, her family and his house was like a brothel:
his father drinks a lot, her mother is always scared.)	his father drinks a lot, her mother is always scared.)
(There was even a time in which she was raped by her father	(There was even a time in which she was raped by her father
and the next day her only interest was to give her homework	and the next day her only interest was to give her homework
to her teacher)	to her teacher)
My point is we shouldn't so much	My point is we shouldn't so much
"Leave a good world to our children",	"Leave a good world to our children",
this is also something advisable	this is also something advisable
but it would be much much much better	but it would be much much much better
leave good sons and daughter who take care,	leave good sons and daughter who take care,
tend, nurse, groom, fondle and look after	tend, nurse, groom, fondle and look after
the whole world.	the whole world.
This is a person who appears also in this website as an user as me,	This is a person who appears also in this website as an user as me,
and despite the little mistakes s/he did on her/his writing,	and despite the little mistakes s/he did on her/his writing,
(it is Spanish, so it is understandable the little mistakes)	(it is Spanish, so it is understandable the little mistakes)
it was heartbreaking and it made me think a lot.	it was heartbreaking and it made me think a lot.
I just love writing and I will discuse it on the stories,	I just love writing and I will discuse it on the stories,
essays, thinkings, tales, chronic and etc.	essays, thinkings, tales, chronic and etc.
Actually this is one of the topics I like to discuss	Actually this is one of the topics I like to discuss
usually and occasionally on my writings.	usually and occasionally on my writings.
I will comment a little part of one of my writing:	I will comment a little part of one of my writing:
There is a part where a Swedish (I don't remember so 	There is a part where a Swedish (I don't remember so 
good the nationality of this little fill character)	good the nationality of this little fill character)
student insults and pretends to kick the dog of my Russian	student insults and pretends to kick the dog of my Russian
character, whose name I'm not saying, and doesn't say to much,	character, whose name I'm not saying, and doesn't say to much,
but my Japanese character, who is a girl, instantly get upset and wrathful	but my Japanese character, who is a girl, instantly get upset and wrathful
and left this student half dead by just using her arms and legs	and left this student half dead by just using her arms and legs
to punish him and a little stone with which she broke his nose.	to punish him and a little stone with which she broke his nose.
"Fine, that's all.	"Fine, that's all.
Better I stop before I star writing a new little novel."	Better I stop before I star writing a new little novel."
Spain champion soccer Sudafrica 2010	Spain champion soccer Sudafrica 2010
Today Spain got its first championship in soccer, I'm not of Spain but I'm a fan of they but my country's team doesn't classified to this event and my country Peru has a cultural relation with Spain.	Today Spain got its first championship in soccer, I'm not of Spain but I'm a fan of they but my country's team doesn't classified to this event and my country Peru has a cultural relation with Spain.
I hope Peru will be in the next World Cup Brasil 2014 :)	I hope Peru will be in the next World Cup Brasil 2014 :)
Hello	Hello
I'm new here.	I'm new here.
This is my first post.	This is my first post.
I want to write and to speak English well, but I know I make better my English!	I want to write and to speak English well, but I know I make better my English!
Hello!!	Hello!!
Hello, My name is Oscar.	Hello, My name is Oscar.
I am 27 years old and I think that I should write very well english.	I am 27 years old and I think that I should write very well english.
But I haven`t work so hard for improving my grammar.	But I haven`t work so hard for improving my grammar.
So, since now, I would like to write three times every week in lang-8.	So, since now, I would like to write three times every week in lang-8.
Slowly I will improve my english grammar.	Slowly I will improve my english grammar.
Thank you very much to everybody.	Thank you very much to everybody.
I am living in Japan	I am living in Japan
Thi is going to be the first time that I write in lang-8.	Thi is going to be the first time that I write in lang-8.
And I want so tell about my life in Japan.	And I want so tell about my life in Japan.
What is the reason that I am here, in Japan?	What is the reason that I am here, in Japan?
This is my history.	This is my history.
In 2009 I was living in Toronto studying english.	In 2009 I was living in Toronto studying english.
And I was doing something else, my best hobby.	And I was doing something else, my best hobby.
Almost every day I used to go dancing salsa.	Almost every day I used to go dancing salsa.
And, one night I saw somebody and she was dancing very nice.	And, one night I saw somebody and she was dancing very nice.
I wanted to dance with her.	I wanted to dance with her.
So, I decided and I asked her "do you wanna dance".	So, I decided and I asked her "do you wanna dance".
Usually couples only dance one song but with her (her name is Miwa), we danced almost seven o maybe more.	Usually couples only dance one song but with her (her name is Miwa), we danced almost seven o maybe more.
That was very special.	That was very special.
And?	And?
Well, Miwa is from Japan and she went to Toronto for one week for vacation, and specially for dancing salsa.	Well, Miwa is from Japan and she went to Toronto for one week for vacation, and specially for dancing salsa.
Tha was my best week in Toronto, we spent fantastic, terrific time together, altought the weather was very cold.	Tha was my best week in Toronto, we spent fantastic, terrific time together, altought the weather was very cold.
That happened at the  first week of dicember of 2009.	That happened at the  first week of dicember of 2009.
When she went back to Japan and me to Mexico, we kept contact by messenger.	When she went back to Japan and me to Mexico, we kept contact by messenger.
Almost every day we were chantting.	Almost every day we were chantting.
We didn`t know what is gonna happend between us.	We didn`t know what is gonna happend between us.
One day she said " I want to go to Mexico".	One day she said " I want to go to Mexico".
And she really did it.	And she really did it.
We spent another two wonderfulls weeks together.	We spent another two wonderfulls weeks together.
We were traveling in a car around Mexico.	We were traveling in a car around Mexico.
We visited Guanajuato, Paztcuaro, Morelia, Uruapan and others cityies.	We visited Guanajuato, Paztcuaro, Morelia, Uruapan and others cityies.
I need to go.	I need to go.
I will finish this in the afternoon.	I will finish this in the afternoon.
I am going  to say a speech	I am going  to say a speech
The next weekend I am goint say a speech.	The next weekend I am goint say a speech.
The reason is that we are going to celebrate three things at the same time: valentine`s day, Costemia`s anniversary and My weddings.	The reason is that we are going to celebrate three things at the same time: valentine`s day, Costemia`s anniversary and My weddings.
So, my female friend is going to translate my speech to japanese.	So, my female friend is going to translate my speech to japanese.
I would like to know if the speech is fine.	I would like to know if the speech is fine.
Here is speech.	Here is speech.
I want to say thanks to "the life" for being today here, in Japan, with Miwa.	I want to say thanks to "the life" for being today here, in Japan, with Miwa.
Thanks to Miwa I realised that with effort, believing in oneself, everything is possible.	Thanks to Miwa I realised that with effort, believing in oneself, everything is possible.
"Miwa, the life bring to us special gifts and you are my best gift that I have never received.	"Miwa, the life bring to us special gifts and you are my best gift that I have never received.
Our life started in Toronto even when we did not know.	Our life started in Toronto even when we did not know.
I can say that I was waiting for you.	I can say that I was waiting for you.
Do you remember it?	Do you remember it?
And when we were far away, you always believed in our relationship that today we are together.	And when we were far away, you always believed in our relationship that today we are together.
Miwa, you are a very special person.	Miwa, you are a very special person.
I am so happy because you are my wife.	I am so happy because you are my wife.
We know that for being couple we need to respect eachother, to have patience and something very important, being the best friend".	We know that for being couple we need to respect eachother, to have patience and something very important, being the best friend".
Every one need to know this.	Every one need to know this.
Like every couple, sometimes we fight.	Like every couple, sometimes we fight.
However, even when she is mad with me, I am Happy for being in Japan with you, Miwa.	However, even when she is mad with me, I am Happy for being in Japan with you, Miwa.
"Hi, so desu"	"Hi, so desu"
Maybe  somebody is thinking "Sogoi, Oscar is speaking japanese".	Maybe  somebody is thinking "Sogoi, Oscar is speaking japanese".
Yeap, I am speaking japanese but this is posible because Hana, Suki, Hiroe, Chana and Mimami.	Yeap, I am speaking japanese but this is posible because Hana, Suki, Hiroe, Chana and Mimami.
Thank you very much	Thank you very much
And I want to say a very special thanks.	And I want to say a very special thanks.
KYOKO thank you very much.	KYOKO thank you very much.
Maybe without your help, today I could not be in Japan.	Maybe without your help, today I could not be in Japan.
Kyoko, you know the reason.	Kyoko, you know the reason.
And Thank  everyone for come to the Costemia Anniversary, Valentin`s Day and Oscar and Miwa Weddings Party.	And Thank  everyone for come to the Costemia Anniversary, Valentin`s Day and Oscar and Miwa Weddings Party.
Maybe almost everyone  knows that I met Miwa dancing salsa in Toronto.	Maybe almost everyone  knows that I met Miwa dancing salsa in Toronto.
And today, one more time, we are going to dance together.	And today, one more time, we are going to dance together.
And This  is for all you for being  sharing  a this special moment.	And This  is for all you for being  sharing  a this special moment.
Thank you very much.	Thank you very much.
And now, Let`s go to dance salsa.	And now, Let`s go to dance salsa.
my first history	my first history
Hi my name is jazmin, i'm from chile and have 15 years old (;, i'm very happy girl i study in liceo jose miguel infante and would like you help me with my english for the class with miss lorena c:	Hi my name is jazmin, i'm from chile and have 15 years old (;, i'm very happy girl i study in liceo jose miguel infante and would like you help me with my english for the class with miss lorena c:
Introduction	Introduction
Hi I'm new here.	Hi, I'm new here.
I'm from Santiago of Chile	I'm from Santiago, Chile
I study English in school but I'm not very good.	I study English in school but I'm not very good.
Nice to me you!!	Nice to meet you!!
Pam adventure's	Pam adventure's
Hello, today write the new story,I written this story because is a English's homework.	Hello, today write the new story,I written this story because is a English's homework.
Pam was the younger sister of the Cheschire King but she had lived in the park because her older brother was a terrible king.	Pam was the younger sister of the Cheschire King but she had lived in the park because her older brother was a terrible king.
He killed people.	He killed people.
Pam hadn't has any friends.	Pam hadn't has any friends.
People thought that she had become crazy but the truth was that she hadn't happy because the people said:"she is crazy, is a bad girl, is the younger sister of the terrible king"	People thought that she had become crazy but the truth was that she hadn't happy because the people said:"she is crazy, is a bad girl, is the younger sister of the terrible king"
When Pam decided to go an other town, nobody said good bye!!!	When Pam decided to go an other town, nobody said good bye!!!
Pam visited the "Lost Town" where the people were very happy, they always smiled.	Pam visited the "Lost Town" where the people were very happy, they always smiled.
The king of the town was a clown, he had sung in the morning for wake up a somebody in the town because he believed that people should smiles for that never cry because the people that cry is very weak.	The king of the town was a clown, he had sung in the morning for wake up a somebody in the town because he believed that people should smiles for that never cry because the people that cry is very weak.
After that Pam talked with the clown, he hjad cooked "smile cookies" for Pam so she could smile but she didn't smiled.	After that Pam talked with the clown, he hjad cooked "smile cookies" for Pam so she could smile but she didn't smiled.
The clown had decided to force Pam an smile.	The clown had decided to force Pam an smile.
However Pam ran an other town.	However Pam ran an other town.
In the new town "Chronos Town" people never smiled.	In the new town "Chronos Town" people never smiled.
They thought that to  smile was for desperatly clowns.	They thought that to  smile was for desperatly clowns.
People had preffered to watch tv or worked.	People had preffered to watch tv or worked.
They didn't liked the things very easily, they loved the thingsfluently.	They didn't liked the things very easily, they loved the thingsfluently.
Pam decide to come back an her town but she discovered another town where the people never smiled and never watched tv.	Pam decide to come back an her town but she discovered another town where the people never smiled and never watched tv.
In this town people thought that the world didn't need tv or false smiles, the world post being helped for somebody but people had killed an from other towns because they thought that the other towns because they thought that the other people were terrible criminals.	In this town people thought that the world didn't need tv or false smiles, the world post being helped for somebody but people had killed an from other towns because they thought that the other towns because they thought that the other people were terrible criminals.
Finally Pam decided  come back in her town because she didn't liked the other towns, her town didn't perfect but she was very happy there.	Finally Pam decided  come back in her town because she didn't liked the other towns, her town didn't perfect but she was very happy there.
Her town might being the best if she carefully to wish.	Her town might being the best if she carefully to wish.
Introduction	Introduction
First of all, The first exercise I've been doing everytime I start a new English course.	First of all, The first exercise I've been doing everytime I start a new English course.
Just to follow the traditions.	Just to follow the traditions.
My name is Rafael and I'm thirty-nine years old.	My name is Rafael and I'm thirty-nine years old.
I was born in a middle town in Spain called Elda, in the province of Alicante, but nowadys I live in Bétera, near the city of Valencia.	I was born in a middle town in Spain called Elda, in the province of Alicante, but nowadys I live in Bétera, near the city of Valencia.
I have lived in several cities around Spain, due to my job.	I have lived in several cities around Spain, due to my job.
I'm a civil serveant for the central (maybe I should say federal) governement.	I'm a civil serveant for the central (maybe I should say federal) governement.
I am married and have two children: a four-year old girl and a four-month old baby boy (what a coincidence; I didn't noticed untill now).	I am married and have two children: a four-year old girl and a four-month old baby boy (what a coincidence; I didn't notice untill now).
I like reading (or at least I liked when I had time to do it), listening to music and computers.	I like reading (or at least I liked when I had time to do it), listening to music and computers.
I suppose you can say I'm some kind of geek (or I would be if I had enough money).	I suppose you can say I'm some kind of geek (or I would be if I had enough money).
Now I want to improve my English, first because I need it to promote in my job, and second because I've allways thought that learning a language is a great way to open your mind and be able to understand better other people.	Now I want to improve my English, first because I need it to potentially acquire a promotion at my job, and second because I've always thought that learning a language is a great way to open your mind and to be able to better understand other people.
In the future I would love to go to other countries.	In the future I would love to travel to other countries. Sounds more proper. 
I'm not ambicious, I would conform with knowing Europe better.	I'm not ambitious, I would conform with knowing Europe better.
I'm not ambicious, I would conform with knowing Europe better.	, I would conform with knowing Europe better. You're ambitious if you want to travel to other countries and learn a new language, so you used it incorrectly. 
I hope that when the chidren grow, my wife and I would be able to do it.	I hope that when the chidren grow, my wife and I would be able to do it.
That's the first one, without preparation.	That's the first one, without preparation.
Thank's in advance if someone is so kind to help me.	Thank's in advance if someone is so kind to help me.
Education in Spain	Education in Spain
Why I choose today education as a subject?	Why did I choose today education as a subject?
Maybe because as a kindergarden finishing child's father I'm concerned about what my daugther is going to be taught in the next years.	Maybe because as a father whose child is finishing kindergarten I'm concerned about what my daugther is going to be taught in the following years.
And because I realize now, when it has become my problem, that nowadays education in schools needs to face seveeral challenges to be usefull for the children an for the society.	And because I realize, now that it has become my problem, that nowadays education in schools needs to face several challenges to be useful for children and for society.
Of course I'm not an expert, and sure I'm going to be unaccurate and subjetive, but I'm going to talk about how I percieve the situation.	Of course I'm not an expert, and without doubt I'll be inaccurate and subjetive, but I'm going to talk about how I percieve the situation.
First of all I think we must face the fact that the problems are not going to be solved changing the curriculum if we don't help the teachers to adapt themselves to it.	First of all I think we must face the fact that the problems are not going to be solved by changing the curriculum if we don't help teachers to adapt themselves to it.
For instance, we are increasing the teaching in English in primary schools with the same teachers.	For instance, we are increasing the teaching in English in primary schools with the same teachers.
I think that change needs, at least, formation programs for the teachers.	I think that change needs, at least, formation programs for teachers.
PRESENT	PRESENT
HI MI NAME IS MONICA.	HI MI NAME IS MONICA.
IDEA IS GRAND LEARN INGLISH .....	MY IDEA IS TO LEARN ENGLISH .....
hi	hi
how are you, have the need learm el inglish helpme.....	How are you? I need to learn English, so help me.
Please plaese help me!!!	Please plaese help me!!!
Hey sorry to write something so long, but I really need a brief correction before sending it, I will really apreciate your help!!!	Hey sorry to write something so long, but I really need a brief correction before sending it, I will really apreciate your help!!!
The Role of the Youth for Achiveing the Cairo Agenda:	The Role of the Youth for Achiveing the Cairo Agenda:
 Egypt has proposed a model to be followed by other nations, specially those who are also part of the developing countries and  have similar goals to reach, like control of their economical growth, life standars improvement, respect for the human rights and a better education and health levels.	 Egypt has proposed a model to be followed by other nations, specially those who are also part of the developing countries and  have similar goals to reach, like control of their economical growth, life standars improvement, respect for the human rights and a better education and health levels.
As the youths from around the world get to know better the propositions made by the Cairo Agenda we will be able to better apply them in our own comunities affecting with this the development of international comunities aswell.	As the youths from around the world get to know better the propositions made by the Cairo Agenda we will be able to better apply them in our own comunities affecting with this the development of international comunities aswell.
 Depending on our own original countries, cities and circumstances we have new perspectives of analysis determined by the different times, geographic places and ideologies under which we have been educated, and therefore complement the proposals already formulated by the Cairo Agenda, we, the new generations live with a different disposition before the problems from the world.	 Depending on our own original countries, cities and circumstances we have new perspectives of analysis determined by the different times, geographic places and ideologies under which we have been educated, and therefore complement the proposals already formulated by the Cairo Agenda, we, the new generations live with a different disposition before the problems from the world.
And depending on our own different abilities we can contribute to reach the objectives and be part of the solution to these problematics.	And depending on our own different abilities we can contribute to reach the objectives and be part of the solution to these problematics.
 Our places of origin are different, and present different problems that  are treated with different Solutions.	 Our places of origin are different, and present different problems that  are treated with different Solutions.
It is necessary to spread internationally this problematics, exposing the situation of each of our own countries and to act like agents of change, learning about new solutions from different points of view to reach the proposed goals.	It is necessary to spread internationally this problematics, exposing the situation of each of our own countries and to act like agents of change, learning about new solutions from different points of view to reach the proposed goals.
 Nevertheless, the world undergoes a continuous and inevitable process of globalization, and each time more and more, the human kind, functions like a unique global community at world-wide level, and, no matter the geografic distances we depend on each other to construct a society that respects the values and necessary principles to secure an existence with better life quality, and to assure a future where the differences and individualities are included, supported and respected.	 Nevertheless, the world undergoes a continuous and inevitable process of globalization, and each time more and more, the human kind, functions like a unique global community at world-wide level, and, no matter the geografic distances we depend on each other to construct a society that respects the values and necessary principles to secure an existence with better life quality, and to assure a future where the differences and individualities are included, supported and respected.
 In just a short time we will be the responsible to provide  solutions to the health conflicts, population growth and poor life quality and dignity , for that reason it is important to adapt us to the new exigencies of International crisis; In the youth lays the responsability and capability of  interchanging and spreading the information to come up with the solutions for an optimal population grow as well as dissease prevention, since youth is a segment of the population strongly affected by sexually transmitted diseases.	 In just a short time we will be the responsible to provide  solutions to the health conflicts, population growth and poor life quality and dignity , for that reason it is important to adapt us to the new exigencies of International crisis; In the youth lays the responsability and capability of  interchanging and spreading the information to come up with the solutions for an optimal population grow as well as dissease prevention, since youth is a segment of the population strongly affected by sexually transmitted diseases.
 	 
 We are the direct link to the next generations of children, who require to be educated from as early as possible under the values of respect, gender equality, non-violence, cooperation and measures of hygiene among others.	 We are the direct link to the next generations of children, who require to be educated from as early as possible under the values of respect, gender equality, non-violence, cooperation and measures of hygiene among others.
 We can also be a connection between privileged citizens and those  who do not count with the necessary means to solve these problems, or are not aware of the solutions that the global societies are carrying out to face and to contribute to develop life qualities, we are a key link between the problematic premises and the resources to solve them.	 We can also be a connection between privileged citizens and those  who do not count with the necessary means to solve these problems, or are not aware of the solutions that the global societies are carrying out to face and to contribute to develop life qualities, we are a key link between the problematic premises and the resources to solve them.
My sister arrived the day before yesterday to japan, she is in tokyo and yesterday we takled via Skype, I´m going in ten days and I am practicing kanji everyday to be able to read.	My sister arrived the day before yesterday to japan, she is in tokyo and yesterday we takled via Skype, I´m going in ten days and I am practicing kanji everyday to be able to read.
I think Japan is too cold this time, What should I put in my backpack??	I think Japan is too cold this time, What should I put in my backpack??
In Mexico is warm and nice.	In Mexico is warm and nice.
I wait nervously, I will be able to see the cherry bloom, I´m happy	I wait nervously, I will be able to see the cherry bloom, I´m happy
what should i do?	what should i do?
hello.	hello.
last thanksgiving day i danced with this lady.	last thanksgiving day i danced with this lady.
she had told me    before that she really likes me.	she had told me    before that she really likes me.
and i like her so bad too.	and i like her so bad too.
as we were  dancing, in one of the turns we end so close that i could feel her         breath.	as we were  dancing, in one of the turns we came so close that i could feel her         breath.
i will never fotgot that moment.	i will never forget that moment.
the other lady with the one she had came to the party had to left, so i offer her to take her home.	the other lady whom she came with had to leave, so i offered to take her home.
she said ok.	she said ok.
once in the car i kissed her.	once in the car i kissed her.
from that day on we have seen each other everytime we can.	from that day on we seeeach other whenever we can.
we fell in love.	we fell in love.
I think in her every moment.	I think of her every moment.
every day i send her a text message, but some times she would        not answer some of theme.	every day i send her a text message, but some times she would        not answer some of theme.
I thik i have to stop sending text              messages.	I thik i have to stop sending text              messages.
she love her husband.	she love her husband.
and although i don't want her to take me out of her heart, i think is the best thing to do.	and although i don't want her to take me out of her heart, i think this is the best thing to do.
UNA GUIA	UNA GUIA
ME GUSTARIA SABER COMO INICIO EL APRENDIZAJE DEL IDIOMA .	ME GUSTARIA SABER COMO INICIO EL APRENDIZAJE DEL IDIOMA .
GRACIAS	GRACIAS
ayudenme a revisar mi tarea de ingles. todavia tengo problemas con la gramatica. gracias!!! 	ayudenme a revisar mi tarea de ingles. todavia tengo problemas con la gramatica. gracias!!! 
Dear mom and dad:	Dear mom and dad:
How are you?	How are you?
I hope as so good as me.	I hope you are as good as me.
I hope as so good as me.	I hope that you are as good as me.
I`m having a lot fun here in Guanajuato.	I`m having a lot fun here in Guanajuato.
Guanajuato is a state in the central highlands of Mexico.	Guanajuato is a state in the central highlands of Mexico.
Guanajuato’s mines are still among the richest-producing silver mines in the world, historically one of the largest.	Guanajuato’s mines are still among the richest-producing silver mines in the world, historically one of the largest.
The state also produces tin, gold, copper, lead, mercury, and opals.	The state also produces tin, gold, copper, lead, mercury, and opals.
Guanajuato also leads the nation in shoe production and various farm products such as lettuce and potatoes.	...farm products, such as lettuce and potatoes.
It’s a wonderful place to visit because has a lot of historical streets.	It’s a wonderful place to visit because it has a lot of historical streets.
My sisters and me are staying in a hostel near of Juarez Theater and is cheaper than a hotel and is very picturesque.	My sisters and I are staying in a hostel near Juarez Theater&nbsp;which &nbsp;is cheaper than a hotel and is very picturesque.
My sisters and me are staying in a hostel near of Juarez Theater and is cheaper than a hotel and is very picturesque.	My sisters and me are staying in a hostel near of Juarez Theater which is very picturesque and is cheaper than a hotel. 
You shouldn`t worried for us because we are so good.	You shouldn`t have worried about us because we are doing good.
You shouldn`t worried for us because we are so good.	You shouldn`t worry about us because we are doing fine.
We went to the pipila and took some drinks and ate delicious food typical of Guanajuato like enchiladas mineras and other meals.	We went to the pipila and took some drinks and ate delicious food, typical of Guanajuato, like enchiladas mineras and other foods.
Well, I just wanna tell you that we`re very good and we`re having a los of adventures.	Well, I just wanna tell you that we`re very good and we`re having a lots of adventures.
Well, I just wanna tell you that we`re very good and we`re having a los of adventures.	Well, I just wanted to tell you that we`re very good and we`re having a lots of adventures.
I think that this trip is a great opportunity for have a better relationship with my sisters	I think that this trip is a great opportunity to have a better relationship with my sisters
We love you!!!!	We love you!!!!
English complicate too!	English is too complicated !
English complicate too!	English is complicated too!
I am Edwin From Peru, I live In japan	I am Edwin From Peru and I live in Japan.
I study english in lots of places in Peru, but only in japan I learn the little Iknow , maybe I speak bad english but that I speak is fluent no think much I can undertand and is good I think.	I studied english in lots of places in Peru, but only in japan I learned the little Iknow , maybe I speak bad english. but I speak fluently. I do'nt think I can undertand much and I don't think it is good.
I study english in lots of places in Peru, but only in japan I learn the little Iknow , maybe I speak bad english but that I speak is fluent no think much I can undertand and is good I think.	I studied English in many places in Peru. In Japan I use the little I know. Maybe I speak English poorly, but I feel that I speak fluently. I don't think I can understand much.
Well I hope I can learn from this page!	Well I hope I can learn from this page!
and thanks for read me.	and thanks for reading.
and thanks for read me.	and thanks for reading.
and please try to correct me.	and please try to correct me.
Hello again ^ ^ (English)	Hello again ^ ^ (English)
Hello 	Hello 
My name is Elizabeth But tell me Yumi .	My name is Elizabeth, but call me Yumi .
I love Japan and I studied the Japanese & English.	I love Japan, and I have studied Japanese & English.
I travel to Japan, to see arashi 	I traveled to Japan to see arashi.
I travel to Japan, to see arashi 	I traveled to Japan to see Arashi.
I love arashi 	I love Arashi.
Arashi has many fans in Peru!	Arashi has many fans in Peru!
^ ^	^ ^
Help me, pls.	Help me, pls.
I am a little shy but friendly.	I am a little shy but friendly.
The person I respect most in this world is Hideto "hide" Matsumoto, and yes, he's like my second father to me.	The person I respect most in this world is Hideto "hide" Matsumoto, and yes, he's like second father to me.
I think I have nothing more to say, if you want to know me ask me something.	I think I have nothing more to say, if you want to know me ask me something.
It's a bit of my personal description.	It's a bit of my personal description.
Ah, is Hideto Matsumoto in the picture, he is the best guitarist of Japan.	Ah, is Hideto Matsumoto in the picture, he is the best guitarist in Japan.
THE NEW YEAR	THE NEW YEAR
I WOULD LIKE TO IMPROVE MY ENGLISH SKILLS, THE LAST YEAR I SPENT MY HOLYDAYS IN NYC, AND I DID NOT FEEL CONFIDENCE AND MANY TIMES WAS DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND ENGLISH, IF SOMEONE WANTS TO LEARN SPANISH I AM WILLING TO HELP.	I WOULD LIKE TO IMPROVE MY ENGLISH SKILLS, THE LAST YEAR I SPENT MY HOLYDAYS IN NYC, AND I DID NOT FEEL CONFIDENCE AND MANY TIMES WAS DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND ENGLISH, IF SOMEONE WANTS TO LEARN SPANISH I AM WILLING TO HELP.
I want to learn english	I want to learn English
I just what I want is to learn to defend myself in the English	All I want is to learn to defend myself in English
hello	hello
i gabinalimon alck cosmetology e acunty	i gabinalimon alck cosmetology e acunty
I am starting...	I am starting...
I have a lot time learning english, but i am still feeling like i have to improve.	I have a lot time to learnEnglish, but I still feel like I have to improve.Is this what you are trying to say? { Although I have a lot of time to learn English, I still feel like I have to improve on what I have learned so far. }
I am very bad in speaking, but in writting more.	I am very bad at speaking in English, but I write better in English .
So, I expect that with Lang-8 I can be a better english-speaker.	So, I expect that with Lang-8, I can become to be a better English speaker.
Some help with grammar	Some help with grammar
Hello,	Hello,
The following sentece is in presente passive voice:	The following sentence is in the present passive voice:
1.- The money is spent for clothes.	1.- The money is spent on clothes.
My teacher says that I need write that sentence in conditional passive and obligation passive.	My teacher says that I need to write that sentence in the conditional passive and the obligation passive.
I have no idea how to change it to these tenses.	I have no idea how to change it to these tenses.
Please, could you help me?	Please, could you help me?
How Safe Is Your Hometown?	How Safe Is Your Hometown?
Last week something really sad happened here in Mexico.	Last week something really sad happened here in Mexico.
52 people were killed in Monterrey City.	52 people were killed in Monterrey City.
I was lifting some books and putting them on the shelf when I heard the news.	I was lifting some books and putting them on the shelf when I heard the news.
Members of the cartel "los zetas" burned down the casino "Royale" where these people were playing.	Members of the cartel "los zetas" burned down the casino "Royale" where these people were playing.
I can't understand why these criminals have done this.	I can't understand why these criminals have done this.
They say that the reason could be because they did not want to pay the bribe.	They say that the reason could be because they did not want to pay the bribe.
One question I ask myself:"Was it terrorism?".	One question I ask myself:"Was it terrorism?".
I don't know, there could be many reasons.	I don't know, there could be many reasons.
Whatever the reasons are, this is a tragedy and I'm still very sad.	Whatever the reasons are, this is a tragedy and I'm still very sad.
Shortly afterward, 5 people were arrested for this crime.	Shortly afterward, 5 people were arrested for this crime.
These kind of things are happening in Mexico, for example yesterday 2 journalists have been killed.	These kind of things are happening in Mexico, for example yesterday 2 journalists have been killed.
Ugh, we can't live like this.	Ugh, we can't live like this.
Therefore, we feel frightened.	Therefore, we feel frightened.
People have complained about these acts, but we don't see answers from the government.	People have complained about these acts, but we don't see answers from the government.
Fortunately, I live in the southern part of the country where it is much safer than the northern part.	Fortunately, I live in the southern part of the country where it is much safer than the northern part.
My Health Problems (second part) 	My Health Problems (second part) 
I'm aware of my health problems and I admit to having bad habits,so I am going to try to exercise more often because I have a lot of time on my hands.	I'm aware of my health problems and I admit to having bad habits,so I am going to try to exercise more often because I have a lot of time on my hands.
I have to come up with a clever plan to change these habits.	I have to come up with a clever plan to change these habits.
Last year, I used to go swimming, do athletics or play tennis.	Last year, I used to go swimming, do athletics or play tennis. What do you mean by "do athletics"? We don't say that in the US.
My friends made fun of me because I always got hurt (It was either my leg or my arm and so on and so forth).	My friends made fun of me because I always got hurt (It was either my leg or my arm and so on and so forth).
But this year, I became a real couch potato.	But this year, I became a real couch potato.
I'm considering going on a diet and buying new equipment like a new indoor bicycle and all that sort of stuff.	I'm considering going on a diet and buying new equipment like a new indoor bicycle and all that sort of stuff.
Without taking notice of the things I already have, I'll buy new things to motivate me.	Without taking notice of the things I already have, I'll buy new things to motivate me.
I wish it was easy to begin practicing a new sport.	I wish it was easy to begin practicing a new sport.
It always hurts your muscles and it's very daunting and tough at first.	It always hurts your muscles and it's very daunting and tough at first.
Tomorrow morning I'll get up early and go out to run.	Tomorrow morning I'll get up early and go out to run.
Aside from that, I'll lift weights in the afternoon.	Aside from that, I'll lift weights in the afternoon.
I was told that drinking lot of water is very important because if you lose one percent of water during the exercise, your performance decreases 10 percent, so I need to drink water before, during and after exercising.	I was told that drinking lot of water is very important because if you lose one percent of water during the exercise, your performance decreases 10 percent, so I need to drink water before, during and after exercising.
I found a marvelous website , www.	I found a marvelous website , www.
bodyrock.	bodyrock.
tv (from then on I became a bodyrocker as she says), where you can learn tips and find fitness advice or workout videos.	tv (from then on I became a bodyrocker as she says), where you can learn tips and find fitness advice or workout videos.
I've learned a lot from Zuzana.	I've learned a lot from Zuzana.
She knows a lot: I tip my hat to her.	She knows a lot: I tip my hat to her.
You should check out her videos on Youtube because they're strikingly good.	You should check out her videos on Youtube because they're strikingly good.
Every time I watch her videos I learn something.	Every time I watch her videos I learn something.
I really appreciate her exhaustive efforts to make us more healthy.	I really appreciate her exhaustive efforts to make us more healthy.
My goal is to raise the bar each day (with this I mean I'll improve every day, make sense?), and at the end of 2011 I'll be able to do the same workouts that I did in 2009.	My goal is to raise the bar each day (with this I mean I'll improve every day, make sense?), and at the end of 2011 I'll be able to do the same workouts that I did in 2009.
As I get used to the workouts I have to eat only low-calorie food like fish.	As I get used to the workouts, I have to eat low-calorie food like fish. 
Of course lots of water, and no soft drinks or alcohol.	Of course lots of water, and no soft drinks or alcohol.
Which is quite easy because I never liked them to begin with.	Which is quite easy because I never liked them to begin with.
Phrases	Phrases
1.- Are elephants the biggest animals in Africa?	1.- Are elephants the biggest animals in Africa?
2.- I have told him hundred times not to put his feet on the sofa.	2.- I have told him a hundred times not to put his feet on the sofa.
2.- I have told him hundred times not to put his feet on the sofa.	2.- I've told him a hundred times not to put his feet on the sofa.
3.- Once in a while you arrive on time.	3.- Once in a while you arrive on time.
Letter For A Friend	Letter For A Friend
Hi Annette!	Hi Annette!
The music is so beautiful!	The music is so beautiful!
I really liked it.	I really liked it.
I'll try to get it as soon as I can.	I'll try to get it as soon as I can.
I'm guessing the music is from South America.	I'm guessing the music is from South America.
I can tell you right away that it isn't Mexican.	I can tell you right away that it isn't Mexican.
I was struggling a little bit to figure out where it is from.	I was struggling a little bit to figure out where it is from.
I think it's either Colombian or Peruvian.	I think it's either Colombian or Peruvian.
I didn't read "Magic Kingdom for Sale, Sold!".	I didn't read "Magic Kingdom for Sale, Sold!".
I guess it's a great book.	I guess it's a great book.
I read a little bit on the page of wikipedia.	I read a little bit on the page of wikipedia.
Yes!	Yes!
That is Couer de Pirate.	That is Couer de Pirate.
I love that song, I can listen to it over and over.	I love that song, I can listen to it over and over.
So, you grew up bilingual ehh?	So, you grew up bilingual ehh?
That's why German is easy for you .	That's why German is easy for you .
I think German is like Spanish, it has like 7 tenses and a complex grammar.	I think German is like Spanish, it has like 7 tenses and a complex grammar.
How many hours do you spend learning languages?	How many hours do you spend learning languages?
I always try to practice English for 2 hours each day but I think it's insufficient because I have trouble when I'm writing.	I always try to practice English for 2 hours each day but I think it's insufficient because I have trouble when I'm writing.
I'm so slow.	I'm so slow.
In fact,the other day I was writing this same message to you, and I almost lost it when I accidentally closed the window.	In fact,the other day I was writing this same message to you, and I almost lost it when I accidentally closed the window.
Ahggg, I was so angry.	Ahggg, I was so angry.
Have a great night!	Have a great night!
Alvaro.	Alvaro.
It was corrected[2011-08-20]	It was corrected[2011-08-20]
This summer	This summer
I'd like to buy a new computer and a few clothes.	I'd like to buy a new computer and some clothes.
I have no money to buy them.	I have no money with which to buy them.
I have no money to buy them.	However, I have no money to buy them with.
For that I need to work this summer .	For that reason I need to work this summer .
I'm looking for a full time job.	I'm looking for a full time-job.
I'm looking for a full time job.	I'm looking for a full-time job.
I have already worked in the summer.	I have had a summer job in the past.
Last summer my father kept me from buying a computer with the money I had earned.	Last summer my father kept me from buying a computer with the money I had earned.
Instead I bought several books and house stuff.	Instead I bought several books and stuff for the house.
If I had money, I would buy a car.	If I had money, I would buy a car.
I can't stand the old one.	I can't stand the old one.
It is supposed to be a great summer.	It is supposed to be a great summer.
Please, anyone can help me with this phrases?	Please, can anyone help me with these phrases?
Hello, I just wrote these sentences but I don't know If they are right.	Hello, I just wrote these sentences but I don't know if they are right.
Anyone can help me?	Can anyone help me?
I would really appreciate!	I would really appreciate it!
thanks!	Thanks!
1.- If I were you, I would go immediately.	1.- If I were you, I would go immediately.
2.- They would lend me the money If they had it.	2.- They would lend me the money if they had it.
3.- I didn't watch at the football game, did you?	3.- I didn't watch the football game, did you? Meaning, you didn't watch it via TV or internet. Or did you mean this?: I wasn't paying attention at the football game. This means you were in the stadium to watch the game live, but were distracted.
4.- If they understood English, they would go seeing that American movie.	4.- If they understood English, they would go see that American movie.
5.- The lessons harder are in the second book	5.- The lessons in the second book are harder.  
5.- The lessons harder are in the second book	5.- The lessons are harder in the second book.
6.- The children wouldn't be ill very often If they didn't eat so much candies.	6.- The children wouldn't be ill so often if they didn't eat so much candy.
6.- The children wouldn't be ill very often If they didn't eat so much candies.	6.- The children wouldn't be ill so often if they didn't eat so much candy.
A Bad Day And a Long Night	A Bad Day And a Long Night
I decided to write here in Lang-8 because I'm not sleepy.	I decided to write here in Lang-8 because I'm not sleepy.
Here in my town it hasn't stopped raining for 4 days.	Here in my town it hasn't stopped raining for 4 days.
Uhg, it's unpleasant.	Uhg, it's unpleasant.
Today for example, I woke up in the morning and I realized that the weather was terrible, without sun.	Today for example, I woke up in the morning and I realized that the weather was terrible, without sun.
I had to be at work at 8:00, so I was in a hurry.	I had to be at work at 8:00, so I was in a hurry.
I got wet because I had to walk to the bus station, when I arrived there the bus was full!	I got wet because I had to walk to the bus station. wWhen I arrived there the bus was full!
If had walked faster, I would have been on time.	If had walked faster, I would have been on time.
I had to wait for another bus.	I had to wait for another bus.
At last, I arrived to work 10 minutes late (worried and wet), so when I went to the building I met a co-worker (A very pretty girl  whom I really like) who asked: "What are you doing here?".	At last, I arrived to work 10 minutes late (worried and wet), so when I went to the building I met a co-worker (A very pretty girl  whom I really like) who asked: "What are you doing here?".
"As you can see I'm going to work" I said.	"As you can see, I'm going to work," I said.
"Didn't you call them to ask for your schedule?" she asked me.	"Didn't you call them to ask for your schedule?" she asked me.
"I didn't, I forgot to" I answered.	"I didn't, I forgot to" I answered.
Then she told me that the schedule was changed yesterday.	Then she told me that the schedule was changed yesterday.
It turned out that I didn't work today.	It turned out that I didn't work today.
Ahgg!	Ahgg!
I was so angry.	I was so angry.
If I had called, I could have slept 30 more minutes and I could have stayed home instead of dealing with the weather.	If I had called, I could have slept 30 more minutes and I could have stayed home instead of dealing with the weather.
I think I getting sick, I'm sneezing and coughing a lot and have a runny nose too.	I think I getting sick, I'm sneezing and coughing a lot and have a runny nose too.
Ugh.	Ugh.
After all that, I went to the coffee shop to drink some coffee with my co-worker.	After all that, I went to the coffee shop to drink some coffee with my co-worker.
Please, anyone can help me with this phrases?	Please, anyone can help me with this phrases?
Hello,	Hello,
I just wrote these sentences,and I don't know if they are right.	I just wrote these sentences,and I don't know if they are right.
Anyone can help me with this phrases?	Anyone can help me with this phrases?
I would really appreciate it!	I would really appreciate it!
Thanks!	Thanks!
1.- It must be almost six o'clock.	1.- It must be almost six o'clock.
It's getting light on the east.	It's getting light to the East.
2.- I made great efforts to keep him from saying all the names.	2.- I made great efforts to keep him from saying all the names.
3.- Why not did she want him to bet?	3.- Why not did she want him to bet?
4.- Do you think that he will be able to lift that heavy rock?	4.- Do you think that he will be able to lift that heavy rock?
5.- Anyone should be able to translate the sentences.	5.- Anyone should be able to translate the sentences.
6.- I'd like to tell him that he's not right.	6.- I'd like to tell him that he's not right.
7.- You should decide what you want to do before you leave this job.	7.- You should decide what you want to do before you leave this job.
8.- They have had to tell her three times not to read other people's letters.	8.- They have had to tell her three times not to read other people's letters.
9.- The other pupils won't be able to go, but I will.	9.- The other pupils won't be able to go, but I will.
10.-They told you not to let the children play on the street, didn't they?	10.-They told you not to let the children play on the street, didn't they?
My Favorite Movies	My Favorite Movies
I always read books or listen to music in my free time.	I always read books or listen to music in my free time.
I also spend time walking on the streets of my hometown.	I also spend time walking on the streets of my hometown.
A few of my friends like going out to dance.	A few of my friends like going out to dance.
They really like dancing but it's not one of my main hobbies.	They really like dancing but it's not one of my main hobbies.
In fact, I don't like dancing.	In fact, I don't like dancing.
It's better to say "I can't dance" hahaha.	It's better to say "I can't dance" hahaha.
Whatever the reason, I rarely dance, so I don't have to spend money on night clubs.	Whatever the reason, I rarely dance, so I don't have to spend money on night clubs.
What I do like a lot is to see movies on the weekends.	What I do like a lot is to see movies on the weekends.
When I go to the movies, I usually go alone because my friends and I can never agree on what movie we should see.	When I go to the movies, I usually go alone because my friends and I can never agree on what movie we should see.
I recently saw a movie called "The Hurt Locker".	I recently saw a movie called "The Hurt Locker".
I think it's the coolest movie I've ever seen about war.	I think it's the coolest movie I've ever seen about war.
I don't know if it is boring, because it doesn't have special effects but it has a great story.	I don't know if it is boring, because it doesn't have special effects but it has a great story.
It was breathtaking to see how soldiers defuse bombs!	It was breathtaking to see how soldiers defuse bombs!
The mood and the feeling of the film are impressive, so it looked like real war	The mood and the feeling of the film are impressive, so it looked like real war.
Most people love movies like "Avatar", which I don't like very much.	Most people love movies like "Avatar", which I don't like very much.
I hardly ever see movies like this.	I hardly ever see movies like this.
I remember being told about this film but I didn't pay attention to it.	I remember being told about this film but I didn't pay attention to it.
I saw it anyway, but I left in the middle of the film.	I saw it anyway, but I left in the middle of the film.
I'm a little tired so I can't write anymore.	I'm a little tired so I can't write anymore.
THE DECISION - Part two.	THE DECISION - Part two.
Well, he knew it, he looked at the clock on the wall   and then he looked through   the window again, then he thought 'someone is going to be happy today and someone else is going to be unhappy, the life is not fair, the life is not right, it's just the life you must choose your choice and sometimes it doesn't matter that choice you choose at last someone else is injured, it's not my fault, I didn't make the rules of the life'.	Well, he knew it. He looked at the clock on the wall and then he looked through the window again; he thought, 'someone is going to be happy today and someone else is going to be unhappy. Life is not fair, life is not right, you just must make a choice and sometimes it doesn't matter which choice you makeand someone else will still beinjured. It's not my fault. I didn't make the rules of life'.
Short stories 	Short stories 
THE DECISION - Part one.	THE DECISION - Part one.
By Dedalo.	By Dedalo.
He had never been there before until that day.	He had not been there before that day.
It was the day when everything happened.	It was the day when everything happened.
He was there looking out of the window, everything was quiet; he could not hear the noise on the street, but just the silence in his room.	He was looking out the window, everything was quiet; he could not hear the noise on the street, just the silence in his room.
He looked for   this   special room away from all that annoying noise.	He looked for   this   special room away from all the annoying noise.
Beautiful silence, all that	Beautiful silence, all that
He needed, just peace, peace in his mind.	he needed, just peace, peace in his mind.
He needed time to think, Just a couple of hours to clear his mind, there's always a struggle in the life of a man when he must decide between what's fair and what's right, and the fair or right choice is not always obvious;  so  this was the right moment to look inside himself, to  look  into the  depths of  his heart,  and then wonder, what must  I do?.	He needed time to think; a couple of hours to clear his mind. There's always a struggle in the life of a man when he must decide between what's fair and what's right. The difference between the fair choice and the right choice is not always obvious; so this was the right moment to look inside himself, to look into the depths of his heart, and then wonder, "what must I do?".
His mistake is the misery of someone else,   but there's not much time,  opportunities come only once   and   never   come  back again, they are like a wind that touches your face just once, the next current of wind is always different from the first one.	His mistake is the misery of someone else, but there's not much time. Opportunities come only once and never come back again; they are like a wind that touches your face just once, the next current of wind is always different from the first .
you hate	you hate
You do not know how many hate for you	You do not know how many hate for you
You are 	You are 
never anybody did that dangerous for 	never anybody did that dangerous for 
as you did him	as you did him
for that you hate	for that you hate
you play with my feelings	you play with my feelings
it has not name	it has not name
you are horrible	you are horrible
you hate and i want never back	you hate and i want never back
to see you	to see you
before you loved	before you loved
I don'k now very much about Japanese music.	I don'k now very much about Japanese music.
However, through "dorama" theme songs I've heard a lot of very good bands.	However, through "dorama" theme songs I've heard a lot of very good bands.
M favorite band is "Crazy Ken Band".	M favorite band is "Crazy Ken Band".
One of their songs is "Tiger and Dragon".	One of their songs is "Tiger and Dragon".
The first time I heard it, I couldn't understand anything at all, but I liked Ken's voice and style.	The first time I heard it, I couldn't understand anything at all, but I liked Ken's voice and style.
after that, I listened to "GALAXY", which is a stupendous CD.	after that, I listened to "GALAXY", which is a stupendous CD.
I find Crazy Ken Band's songs very difficult to translate.	I find Crazy Ken Band's songs very difficult to translate.
However, I can now understand more of "Tiger and dragon".	However, I can now understand more of "Tiger and dragon".
Would you help me out?	Would you help me out?
Thank you very much!	Thank you very much!
These are the lyrics:	These are the lyrics:
"After coming out of the tunnel, I could see the sea, so..."	"After coming out of the tunnel, I could see the sea, so..."
***I'm not sure.	***I'm not sure.
Something about a stabbing and Mikasa park :)***	Something about a stabbing and Mikasa park :)***
***I'm completely lost with this line.***	***I'm completely lost with this line.***
"I'm waiting for you, so come quickly."	"I'm waiting for you, so come quickly."
"Hear my story!	"Hear my story!
Five minutes would be enough."	Five minutes would be enough."
***Wild guesswork here:***	***Wild guesswork here:***
"Don't worry about the money I lent you."	"Don't worry about the money I lent you."
***I'm not at all sure about this one.***	***I'm not at all sure about this one.***
"After tenderly embracing your loved one, by the sea of Yokosuka, it's ok if you cry."	"After tenderly embracing your loved one, by the sea of Yokosuka, it's ok if you cry."
"¡Hear my story!	"¡Hear my story!
Two minutes would be enough"	Two minutes would be enough"
"Because you are the only one I can tell the true story to."	"Because you are the only one I can tell the true story to."
***I don't understand this line.***	***I don't understand this line.***
We glare at each other's back, even though we are not a Tiger and a Dragon.	We glare at each other's back, even though we are not a Tiger and a Dragon.
Inside me, I battle myself.	Inside me, I battle myself.
***I don't understand.	***I don't understand.
Something about floating in the sea of Yokosuka***	Something about floating in the sea of Yokosuka***
***I don't understand...	***I don't understand...
Something about an electric jellyfish that looks like the moon?***	Something about an electric jellyfish that looks like the moon?***
That is, I believe, the translation of the song.	That is, I believe, the translation of the song.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Also, is this song famous in Japan?	Also, is this song famous in Japan?
Yesterday, I watched a Japanese movie; "All about Lily Chou-Chou".	Yesterday, I watched a Japanese movie; "All about Lily Chou-Chou".
I found it interesting, although very sad too.	I found it interesting, although very sad too.
There is no hope in this movie.	There is no hope in this movie.
Terrible things happen to all the characters.	Terrible things happen to all the characters.
It is Yu Aoi's first movie, I believe.	It is Yu Aoi's first movie, I believe.
She is my favorite Japanese Actress.	She is my favorite Japanese Actress.
I think she is beautiful, inteligent and interesting.	I think she is beautiful, intelligent and interesting.
I saw her for the first time in the "dorama" "Tiger & Dragon".	I saw her for the first time in the "dorama" "Tiger & Dragon".
Now I'm watching her in "Osen".	Now I'm watching her in "Osen".
Moreover, I'll watch her in "Camouflage".	Moreover, I'll watch her in "Camouflage".
All the Japanese movies I've seen are very sad.	All the Japanese movies I've seen are very sad.
”Dolls", "Kid's Return", "All about Lily Chou Chou" and the like, are very sad tough very good movies.	”Dolls", "Kid's Return", "All about Lily Chou Chou" and the like, are very sad, tough, very good movies.
However, now, I'd like to see a japanese comedy movie.	However, now, I'd like to see a japanese comedy movie.
Introduction	Introduction
Hi, my name is Pablo, Im from Buenos Aires, Argentina and I work in the financial services industry.	Hi, my name is Pablo. I'm from Buenos Aires, Argentina and I work in the financial services industry.
I born in 1978, a Reaganomics era in the US, basically the Reagan government was a fact of the failure on keynesianism politics.	I was born in 1978, the Reaganomics era in the US. Basically the Reagan government was a fact of the failure on keynesianism politics.
Letters or numbers 	Letters or numbers 
I had my last class of Informatics Laws.	I had my last class of Information Law.
My professor talks us the story of how he decided to be a layers, when he was at school was good at math because of that he's parent talk him that he should study engineering and he start to study but he discover that engineering wasn't a career for him.	My professor told us the story of how he decided to become a lawyer, when he was at school he was good at maths and because of that his parents told him that he should study engineering so he started to study but he discovered that engineering wasn't a career for him.
That make me think about how people think that choose a career between letters and numbers and how some engineers only read manuals and tutorials but not newspapers or books.	That made me think about how people think to choose a career between letters and numbers and how some engineers only read manuals and tutorials but not newspapers or books. *
I love read, I love when I find someone who can talk of different topics: news, movies, medicine, etc.	I love to read, I love it when I find someone who can talk about different topics: news, movies, medicine, etc.
There is nothing better thats spent hours just talking.	There is nothing better than spending hours just talking.
I cant't  image me leaving  books forever.	I can't image me leaving books forever.
How can I correct Lang-8?	How can I correct Lang-8?
I haven't login for a while how my lang-8 windows is in spanish, I think this is good but few minutes ago I view in my profile this "Última entrada: Dentro de 10 minutos" my reaction was: o_O LOL.	I haven't login for a while how my lang-8 windows is in spanish, I think this is good but few minutes ago I view in my profile this "Última entrada: Dentro de 10 minutos" my reaction was: o_O LOL.
Lang-8 predicted what I'm going to do LOL	Lang-8 predicted what I'm going to do LOL
I think I must be "Ultima entrada (o ultimo acceso): hace 10 minutos" but how could I correct Lang-8?	I think I must be "Ultima entrada (o ultimo acceso): hace 10 minutos" but how could I correct Lang-8?
Someone know how?	Someone know how?
Job interviews and illegal questions	Job interviews and illegal questions
I looking for a job, looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.	I looking for a job, looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.
You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait someone to call you.	You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait someone to call you.
I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what is called illegal questions.	I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what is called illegal questions.
One of the most common illegal questions I get “what does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that it where illegal questions but I have to admit that wanted to say “Why do you care?	One of the most common illegal questions I get “what does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that it where illegal questions but I have to admit that wanted to say “Why do you care?
¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.	¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.
Other common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem telling that I’m 26, but it was annoying when someone look me like telling me “omg you can tell the job because you are 26, you are qualificated for the job but you are 26….”.	Other common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem telling that I’m 26, but it was annoying when someone look me like telling me “omg you can tell the job because you are 26, you are qualificated for the job but you are 26….”.
But the most annoying question I get was “where do you born?”, I found that a racist question then I get a lot of illegal questions, I remember that when the interview finish I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interview me) that I won’t work for his company even if he pay me one million of soles”.	But the most annoying question I get was “where do you born?”, I found that a racist question then I get a lot of illegal questions, I remember that when the interview finish I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interview me) that I won’t work for his company even if he pay me one million of soles”.
I’ll have another job interview tomorrow, I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.	I’ll have another job interview tomorrow, I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.
Job interviews and illegal questions	Job interviews and illegal questions
I looking for a job, looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.	I am looking for a job. Looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.
You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait someone to call you.	You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait someone to call you.What did you mean? I think:After you send a resume or have an interview, you have to wait for someone to call you.
I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what is called illegal questions.	I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what is called illegal questions.Use either: ...what are called illegal questions.OR... what is called an illegal question.
One of the most common illegal questions I get “what does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that it where illegal questions but I have to admit that wanted to say “Why do you care?	Some of the most common illegal questions I get are “what does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that they were illegal questions but I have to admit that wanted to say, “Why do you care?
¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.	¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.
Other common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem telling that I’m 26, but it was annoying when someone look me like telling me “omg you can tell the job because you are 26, you are qualificated for the job but you are 26….”.	Another common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem telling that I’m 26, but it is annoying when someone looks at me like telling me “omg you can't do the job because you are 26, you are qualified for the job but you are 26….”.
But the most annoying question I get was “where do you born?”, I found that a racist question then I get a lot of illegal questions, I remember that when the interview finish I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interview me) that I won’t work for his company even if he pay me one million of soles”.	But the most annoying question I got was “where were you born?”, I found that a racist question and I got a lot more illegal questions. I remember that when that interview finished I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interviewed me) that I wouldn’t work for his company even if he paid me one million soles”.
I’ll have another job interview tomorrow, I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.	I’ll have another job interview tomorrow. I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.
I’m a star	I’m a star
I’m a star	I’m a star
Being a star sometimes is easy, sometimes is painful, would you be the one who will discover how to make me a girl again or you will always admire me without trying to get me?	Being a star sometimes is easy, sometimes is painful, would you be the one who will discover how to make me a girl again or you will always admire me without trying to get me?
you must try, maybe you have luck if not at least you tried.	you must try, maybe you have luck if not at least you tried.
I’m just a star who used to be girl…	I’m just a star who used to be girl…
(A poem or something like that XD, quite cursi I know n.	(A poem or something like that XD, quite cursi I know n.
nU)	nU)
Hello	Hello
I want to improve my profile info.	I want to update my profile info.
I hope you could help me.	I hope you can help me.
About me:	About me:
I'm Rose, I'm 26.	I'm Rose, I'm 26.
I joined in lang-8 because a friend said me that could be a good way to practice my writing.	I joined lang-8 because a friend told me that it could be a good way to practice my writing.
I've been correcting some Spanish writings and I need friend to help me with me English.	I've been correcting some Spanish writings and I need some friends to help me with me English.
I study System Engineering, some people think I'm serious but I'm not.	I study System Engineering. Some people think I'm a serious person but I'm not.
I'm actually quite friky and I have a blog diary called "Rational o Irrational"(in spanish).	I'm actually quite easy-going and I have a blog called "Rational or Irrational"(in Spanish).
------	------
what else should I add?	what else should I add?
Female heroes	Female heroes
I love video games, the first thing I did in a computer was play a videogame, I'm not sure about what was the first game I played, I think it was "alley cat".	I love video games, the first thing I did on a computer was play a videogame, I'm not sure what was the first game I played; I think it was "alley cat".
Now, I don't have enough time to play videogame, the last videogame I played was Warcraft III.	Now, I don't have enough time to play video games; the last video game I played was Warcraft III.
Some days ago I read an article about female heroes, the articles talk about a quote of a chief of an important videogame company who said that videogames with female heroes doesn't have good sells.	Some days ago I read an article about female heroes, the articles talked about a quote from a chief of an important videogame company who said that videogames with female heroes doesn't have good sells.
I have to admit that most of the games I've played don’t have female heroes but I think is chauvinist said that a game won't have good sales because of a female hero.	I have to admit that most of the games I've played don’t have any female heroes but I think it is chauvinist to say that a game won't have good sales because of a female hero.
I good or but sales not depend on female or male heroes, depend on if the game has a good story.	Sales do not depend on female or male heroes, but depend on if the game has a good story.
To my soulmate...	To my soulmate...
Dear soulmate	Dear soulmate,
Where are you?	Where are you?
I’m looking for you everywhere 	I’m looking for you everywhere:
At the university, at home, in the street…why I can’t find you?	At the university, at home, in the street... Why I can’t find you?
Are trying to meet me?	Are you trying to meet me?
Have you ever tried to imagine how am I?	Have you ever tried to imagine how am I?
I tried to dream to with you but in my dreams I can’t see your face	I tried to dream of you, but in my dreams I can’t see your face.
How can I that you are really you if I don´t know your face?	How can I know you are really you if I don't know your face?
Could you know who am I?	Could you know who am I?
I hope so..	I hope so...
Please	Please,
if you find me, hug me and don’t let me do	if you find me, hug me and don’t let me go.
I’m sure that I will try to escape, don’t let me do that	I’m sure that I will try to escape; don’t let me do that.
Show me a proof that you are you and I’ll stay with you forever.	Show me proof that you are you and I’ll stay with you forever.
But until that I will be there waiting 	But until then, I will be here waiting.
Your soulmate, Rose 	Your soulmate, Rose 
Abstract...a little help for a friend	Abstract...a little help for a friend
Can someone help me?	Can someone help me?
I'm helping a friend with her abstract.	I'm helping a friend with her abstract.
ABSTRACT	ABSTRACT
CRM is about capture, processing, analysis and distribution of data(like all types of systems) but with client total concern (what doesn’t happened in traditional systems.	CRM is about capture, processing, analysis and distribution of data(like all types of systems) but with client total concern (what doesn’t happened in traditional systems.
The client is our data model.	The client is our data model.
For the present research, the client of the organization is the one who will purchase domestic appliances or furniture, the attention of the client necessity is the service, therefore the implementation of method involves, attention to the necessity of obtains a domestic appliances or furniture by a possible client.	For the present research, the client of the organization is the one who will purchase domestic appliances or furniture, the attention of the client necessity is the service, therefore the implementation of method involves, attention to the necessity of obtains a domestic appliances or furniture by a possible client.
---------------------------	---------------------------
to be continued...	to be continued...
Write or no write...this is my question....	To write or not to write? This is my question ...
I love writing, I write in my blog, I also write some fanfics and other stories, I know that I would never be Shakespeare but I'm write not for fans or money just for fun.	I love writing. I write in my blog. I also write fanfics and other stories. I know that I will never be Shakespeare, but I'm not writing for fans or money, just for fun.
I love writing, I write in my blog, I also write some fanfics and other stories, I know that I would never be Shakespeare but I'm write not for fans or money just for fun.	I love writing. I write in my blog. I also write some fanfics, and other stories. I know that I would never be Shakespeare, but I'm writing not for fans or money, just for fun.
I have to admite but when someone says that he or she love my writing make me happy but that not my reason to write.	I have to admit that when someone says that he or she enjoys my writing it makes me happy, but that is not my reason for writing.
I had to write in English but I'm afraid not be good enougth for write something good.	I had to write in English, but I'm afraid it is not good enough to write something good.
I want to start with some entries in my blog in English :)	I want to start with some entries in my blog in English :)
Job interviews and illegal questions	Job interviews and illegal questions
I looking for a job, looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.	I am looking for a job, looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.
You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait someone to call you.	You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait for someone to call you.
I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what is called illegal questions.	I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what are called illegal questions.
One of the most common illegal questions I get “what does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that it where illegal questions but I have to admit that wanted to say “Why do you care?	One of the most common illegal questions I get is, “What does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that they were illegal questions but I have to admit that I wanted to say “Why do you care?
¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.	¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.
Other common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem telling that I’m 26, but it was annoying when someone look me like telling me “omg you can tell the job because you are 26, you are qualificated for the job but you are 26….”.	Another common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem saying that I’m 26, but it was annoying when someone looked me like telling me “omg you can tell the job because you are 26, you are qualified for the job but you are 26….”.
But the most annoying question I get was “where do you born?”, I found that a racist question then I get a lot of illegal questions, I remember that when the interview finish I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interview me) that I won’t work for his company even if he pay me one million of soles”.	But the most annoying question I get was “where do you born?”, I found that a racist question then I got a lot of illegal questions, I remember that when the interview finish I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interviewed me) that I won’t work for his company even if he pay me one million of soles”.
terview tomorrow, I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.	I’ll have another job interview tomorrow, I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.
Constructive critic Lang-8: usability problems	Constructive critic Lang-8: usability problems
Hi I need some help to correct this entry!	Hi I need some help to correct this entry!
The first thing that I have to say is that the idea of Lang-8 is fantastic!, correct texts in your native languaje and get help to correct your entries in the languaje that you are learning is a good aproach to practice the English writing, but I would like to talk about some usability issues.	The first thing that I have to say is that the idea of Lang-8 is fantastic!, Correct texts in your native languaje and getting help correcting your entries in the language that you are learning is a good aproach to practice the English writing, but I would like to talk about some usability issues.
In my opinion Lang-8 interface should focus on a few actions: write entries and correct others.	In my opinion Lang-8 interface should focus on a few actions: writing entries and correcting others.
When you get into for the first time you see a lot of information, links, menus, text, people, etc.	When you get into it for the first time you see a lot of information, links, menus, text, people, etc.
wow I needed a lot of time to find the basic options, where to write and where to find people to correct.	Wow, I needed a lot of time to find the basic options, where to write and where to find people to correct.
I can no see any priority in your schema.	I can not see any organization to your approach.
Second, you dont give useful information or you have to improve the visiblity of it: how I will follow my progress?, how will you award my good corrections?, if I correct more entries I will receive best and more corrections?.	Second, you don't give useful information or you have to improve the visiblity of it: how will I follow my progress?, How will you award my good corrections?, If I correct more entries, will I receive better and more corrections?.
You have to give me an extra motivation to help users.	You have to give me an extra motivation to help users.
I would apreciate more tips on fly in my first actions.	I would appreciate more tips on the fly in my first interactions.
Another confuse issue is the Friends system, I don't think this bi-directional relationship is useful here, I would like to have a Follow system as twitter, more superficial, easy to add people (i don't want to ask anyone to be my friend!) and it would add a new reason to help other users: get new followers, anyway if the objective of this Friend system is to bring my "e-real" friends, they willl probably speak my same languaje, should be a secundary action, but it appear as your first option menu.	Another confusing issue is the Friends system, I don't think this bi-directional relationship is useful here, I would like to have a Follow system astwitter, more superficial, easy to add people (I don't want to ask anyone to be my friend!) and it would add a new reason to help other users: get new followers, anyway if the objective of this Friend system is to bring my "e-real" friends, they willl probably speak my same language, then it should be a secundary action, but it appear as your first menuoption .
Please focus: I cannot see people using the Notebook area, photo album or making an intensive use of Groups, I would love to have a clean interface with direct actions to get my main goals.	Please focus: I can not see people using the Notebook area, photo album or making an intensive use of Groups. I would love to have a clean interface with direct access to reach my main goals.
Finally I dont know the kind of entries that I should write, I mean, have i to write to communicate something to the community or i can send here any text that I want to correct?.	Finally, I dont know the kind of entries that I should write, I mean, do I have to write to communicate something to the community or can I write any text that I want to correct?.
My impressión is that Lang-8 is pushing me to have a Blog, but what probably student needs is a source for text corrections of any kind.	My impressión is that Lang-8 is pushing me to have a Blog, but what student probably needs is a source for textcorrections of any kind.
Anyway, I love the idea and i hope to stay here for a long time.	Anyway, I love the idea and I hope to stay here for a long time.
Introduction	Introduction
Hi, this is my first post here and I'd like to introduce myself to all of	Hi, this is my first post here and I'd like to introduce myself to all of
you.	you.
I 've been living  in Barcelona during all my live.	I 've been living in Barcelona all my life.
I like the life here and 	I like the life here and 
it's very easy to get use to it.	it's very easy to get used to it.
Openminded people, good weather conditions, beach, snow...	Openminded people, good weather conditions, beach, snow...
you can practice whatever hobbie you are fond 	you can practice whatever hobbie you are fond 
of.	of.
I work in a bank and I'm  a English student 'cause I like going on	I work in a bank and I'm an English student 'cause I like going on
holidays abroad and there the best way to comunicate with other is	holidays abroad and there, the best way to comunicate with others is
English.	through English.
I sometimes use my English knolewdge at work specially when I have	I sometimes use my English knowledge at work especially when I have
to exchange some documents/data with the Dublin offices, as my writing knowledge I also have to improve my fluency level.	to exchange some documents/data with the Dublin offices, as my writing knowledge I also have to improve my fluency level.
My favourite hobbies are skiing, swimming, bodyworking and Karting (small racing cars), travelling, playing ps, assisting to sports events 	My favourite hobbies are skiing, swimming, bodyworking and Karting (small racing cars), travelling, playing ps, attending sports events 
as Barcelona Soccer Team with all its stars, F1...	of the Barcelona Soccer Team with all its stars, F1...
it will continue	it will continue
How Airplans Have changed People’s Lives	How Airplans Have changed People’s Lives
Through history, humans have been investigating and developing many kinds of machines in order to make our lives easier, mainly in the area of transportation.	Through history, humans have been investigating and developing many kinds of machines in order to make our lives easier, mainly in the area of transportation.
As a result of that, now we find many options of transportation such as cars, trains, ships and airplanes that we use to move things and people around the world.	As a result of that, now we find many options of transportation such as cars, trains, ships and airplanes that we use to move things and people around the world.
From all of these options of transportation, the airplane is one of the most important that has changed people’s lives in the war and communication.	From all of these options of transportation, the airplane is one of the most important that has changed people’s lives in the war and communication.
The airplane is used in the war as a powerful weapon.	The airplane is used in the war as a powerful weapon.
It started to be used in the world war one, and since that event airplanes are still used by countries to attack enemies, so airplanes have change the way how the war is conducted, turning it from a ground war to a complete air war.	It started to be used in the world war one, and since that event airplanes are still used by countries to attack enemies, so airplanes have change the way how the war is conducted, turning it from a ground war to a complete air war.
Nowadays, countries of the whole world have a lot of airplanes because they are main forces in defending and  tools of observation.	Nowadays, countries of the whole world have a lot of airplanes because they are main forces in defending and  tools of observation.
Also, the airplane is used as an important link to connect countries.	Also, the airplane is used as an important link to connect countries.
Some time ago, many islands and countries were isolated from trade with others ones, being the ship and long travels the only way to connect them, but the airplane came to make easier the communication, no only carrying products and packages, also interchanging  cultural information.	Some time ago, many islands and countries were isolated from trade with others ones, being the ship and long travels the only way to connect them, but the airplane came to make easier the communication, no only carrying products and packages, also interchanging  cultural information.
The airplane has brought many advantages and changed the people’s lives.	The airplane has brought many advantages and changed the people’s lives.
These days, people can be in any place they want and send things that  travel thousands of miles in a little time, and that is possible because the airplane is a great instrument of transporation and communication.	These days, people can be in any place they want and send things that  travel thousands of miles in a little time, and that is possible because the airplane is a great instrument of transporation and communication.
Airplanes has changed our lives since it was created.	Airplanes has changed our lives since it was created.
They give us a great weapon to face the enemies during wars and helps us to have the world comunicated.	They give us a great weapon to face the enemies during wars and helps us to have the world comunicated.
I think that neither the wars nor the comunications wouldn't be the same if it wasn't for airplans.	I think that neither the wars nor the comunications wouldn't be the same if it wasn't for airplans.
Airplanes make the life easier and they will continue being an important influence on our lives.	Airplanes make the life easier and they will continue being an important influence on our lives.
Hello	Hello
My name is Andrea and I'm new to this community.	My name is Andrea and I'm new to this community.
I'm hoping to learn English and Finnish ^^	I'm hoping to learn English and Finnish ^^
Jonathan (a poem)	Jonathan (a poem)
I want to sit down again	I want to sit down again
On Barfly’s sidewalk	On Barfly’s sidewalk
To wait for	To wait for
One thirty in the morning	One-thirty in the morning
And a beer.	And a beer.
We were watching	We were watching
Him being free	Him being free
I loved him more when he left	I loved him more when he left
But those days were beautiful	But those days were beautiful
And ours.	And ours.
We crazed suddenly	We crazed suddenly Don't know what you mean by "crazed"-- went crazy?
In my	On my
Nineteen’s birthday	Nineteenth birthday
Before that you saw us for the last time	Before that you saw us for the last time
Two silhouettes and a bike	Two silhouettes and a bike
We love to see it written, but	We love to see it written, but
Writing hurts ourselves, you told me	Writing hurts us, you told me
And also some things about your father	And also some things about your father
I thought about both of you	I thought about both of you
Alone in the park	Alone in the park
Jonathan, I’m writing	Jonathan, I’m writing
Right now	Right now
And it feels like	And it feels like
Put my hand in your belly	I could put my hand on your belly
And almost kiss you.	And almost kiss you.
Conquer Chelsea Hotel, (a poem)	Conquer Chelsea Hotel, (a poem)
No, honestly I’m not okay	No, honestly I’m not okay
When I think about the hours	When I think about the hours
That cut and sewed you	That cut and sewed you
And about your clenched fist	And about your clenched fist
And I see so red	And I see so red
You don’t know	You don’t know
You will never	You will never
Know	Know
(And I look at you.	(And I look at you.
As hard as I can)	As hard as I can)
The stitches	The stitches
That we scrap now	That we scrap now
Will germinate over scars	Will germinate over scars
Just like the forest do	Just like the forest do
Over the graveyards	Over the graveyards
I moan and scream, I curse and pray	I moan and scream, I curse and pray
It’s nor fair	It’s nor fair
(I scrap your back, or maybe it’s you.	(I scrap your back, or maybe it’s you.
Kissing me)	Kissing me)
I want to be	I want to be
Bit by your adolescence	Bit by your adolescence
Your cock in your hands, hard	Your cock in your hands, hard
And you yelling at your father	And you yelling at your father
Your anxiety, the one which was yours	Your anxiety, the one which was yours
Because you was alone	Because you was alone
And your skinny legs	And your skinny legs
(I don’t cry, although I’m crying.	(I don’t cry, although I’m crying.
Violent as chopped heads)	Violent as chopped heads)
I’d lef behind	I’d lef behind
The hugs and the hours	The hugs and the hours
We have created	We have created
You and me, over the blankets	You and me, over the blankets
For having seen you grown	For having seen you grown
And hurt	And hurt
(Every time, I think about it and close my eyes.	(Every time, I think about it and close my eyes.
See that I do matter)	See that I do matter)
Then	Then
You make sound	You make sound
The music that is mine	The music that is mine
And not ours	And not ours
And stare while I cry	And stare while I cry
You say: When you’ll sixty, you ‘ve been here	You say: When you’ll sixty, you ‘ve been here
You say: It’s okay.	You say: It’s okay.
We’ll buy cigarettes without money and conquer  Chelsea Hotel	We’ll buy cigarettes without money and conquer  Chelsea Hotel
(and I give up, because it’s you who talks, and it‘s like it should be)	(and I give up, because it’s you who talks, and it‘s like it should be)
below the worms (a poem)	below the worms (a poem)
I can fuck god	I can fuck god
There’s no time	There’s no time
I can’t fuck with god when I see	I can’t fuck with god when I see
Him trapped into your strange bones	Him trapped into your strange bones
Your bones coming out, escaping	Your bones coming out, escaping
From somewhere, below.	From somewhere, below.
I can’t fuck anybody	I can’t fuck anybody
I believe running over the night that begins	I believe running over the night that begins
You’ve been so many years being	You’ve been so many years being
A white, a flaccid chrysalis	A white, a flaccid chrysalis
Disgusting	Disgusting
You, you, and somehow you’ve trapped god inside 	You, you, and somehow you’ve trapped god inside 
You don’t know, no one will tell you	You don’t know, no one will tell you
But I gave you my best show 	But I gave you my best show 
Of whores and insanity	Of whores and insanity
Burn yourself, but I didn’t yell it, and burn also	Burn yourself, but I didn’t yell it, and burn also
All the mornings, all your faith	All the mornings, all your faith
Your desolation is such a big thing	Your desolation is such a big thing
You don’t know, you will never understand	You don’t know, you will never understand
But I screamed once	But I screamed once
My scratched knees on the floor	My scratched knees on the floor
For a dying, a creeping god	For a dying, a creeping god
As me, like me, below me	As me, like me, below me
I can’t look you in the eye, I can’t stand his coming	I can’t look you in the eye, I can’t stand his coming
Sweden (a poem)	Sweden (a poem)
He though about buying	He thought about buying
He though about buying	He thought about buying
An old 	An old 
Rocking chair	Rocking chair
And paint it	And painting it
In a very pale	a very pale
Light blue	Light blue It's not necessary to say pale and light... choose just one.
And sit down there, to see	And sit down there, to see
All the loved things	All the loved things
That hide and fray	That hide and fray
And hit	And hit
To return in waves	To return in waves
To apologize	To apologize
For all that does not matter	For all that does not matter
Anymore	Anymore
Fear him:	Fear him:
He’s also growing old	He’s also growing old
He though about buying	He thought about buying
He though about buying	He thought about buying
An old	An old
Rocking chair	Rocking chair
Blue, to 	Blue, to 
Stick himself with its chips	Stick himself with its chips Stick? Chips?
And sit down there, to wait	And sit down there, to wait
For the rocking chair	For the rocking chair
Still moving	Still moving
After his dead,	After his death,
And for the advancing of the clocks	And for the advancing of the clocks
That have torn him so many thing	That have torn him so many things
The clocks after he died	The clocks after he died
And would be	And would be
A great pity	A great pity
On their tic tac	On their tick tock
Horses (a poem)	Horses (a poem)
She tore her skin	She tore her skin
Stapled to the shadows of the canvas,	Stapled to the shadows of the canvas,
The girl.	The girl.
And, despite of the pulsing of the brushes	And, despite the pulsing of the brushes Brushes?
That enclosed the horses	That enclosed the horses
Undrawn	Undrawn
Sharped as a knife	Sharp as a knife
The tub was a womb	The tub was a womb
And the milk, mixing with her blood	And the milk, mixing with her blood
She plunged	She plunged
Wearing stitches of paint	Wearing stitches of paint
Into the orange water	Into the orange water
Mornings passed so quickly	Mornings passed so quickly
Any hand holding the brushes	Any hand holding the brushes
Her body sculpted into the invisible helmet	Her body sculpted into the invisible helmet
Against her skull	Against her skull
So many horses’s hooves	So many horses’s hooves
Finally	Finally
Finally	Finally
Finally	Finally
Horses approaching 	Horses approaching 
Interview with tattoo artist 	Interview with tattoo artist 
Hello world!	Hello world!
I am preparing my internship in an alternative lifestyle magazine and have to build a portfolio of articles and interviews.	I am preparing for my internship at an alternative lifestyle magazine and have to build a portfolio of articles and interviews.
Here you have some questions I am gonna ask in my firts interview to an absolutely great and inspiring tattoo artist.	Here are some questions I'm going to ask in my first interview with an absolutely great and inspiring tattoo artist.
any help would be wonderful!	any help would be wonderful!
I have read in many of your interviews that you define tattooing as “just a job”.	I have read in many of your interviews that you define tattooing as “just a job”.
Actually, the attitude of most of the tattooists is that they are deities in an exclusive club formed only by a few crew of lucky chosen ones.	Currently, the attitude of most tattooists is that they are deities in an exclusive club formed only by a few lucky chosen ones.
Have you ever felt that tattooing was the center of your existence, the most important thing in your life?	Have you ever felt that tattooing was the center of your existence, the most important thing in your life?
¿Have you ever felt that sensación of being a “lucky one” because of your job as a tattoo artist, or you have always seen it just like another job?	Have you ever had that feeling of being a “lucky one” because of your job as a tattoo artist, or have you always seen it as just another job?
You are considered a brilliant tattooist, but you also have some fame of being quite “difficult”.	You are considered a brilliant tattooist, but you also have somewhat of a reputation for being quite “difficult”.
Assuming that you do not pretend and that is just the way you are;  did that difference made harder to acquire a reputation in the tattoo world or, on the contrary, you think that you would not have been able to become what you are nowadays without it?	Assuming that you do not pretend and that is just the way you are, did that difference make it harder to acquire a reputation in the tattoo world or, on the contrary, do you think that you would not have been able to become what you now are without it?
Revisiting the point of “what does tattooing means”, ¿do you consider tattoos as a form of art?	Going back to the point of “what does tattooing mean”, do you consider tattoos to be a form of art?
¿What kind of real personal expression is possible in a tattoo?	What kind of true personal expression is possible with a tattoo?
You do not do any tattoo you don’t really like or want to do, so, ¿How much can we know about you tough your work?	You do not do any tattoos you don’t really like or want to do, so, How much can we know about you tough your work? I don't understand this question.
Speaking of influences, when a tattooist is asked, generally talks about another colleagues’ work.	Speaking of influences, when a tattooist is asked, generally talks about another colleagues’ work. Are you trying to form a question?
However, in your case, I guess that is not so simple.	However, in your case, I guess that it is not so simple.
Which are your most destacables external influences for your work?	What have been the strongest external influences on your work?
Finalizing, it is unavoidable to notice your connection with all related with another time, another era: your antiques collection, your past interest with Native Americans or your studio itself Elf ¿When did it all begun?	Finally, it is impossible to not notice your connection with everything related to another time, another era: your antique collection, your past interest with Native Americans or your studio itself, Elf When did it all begin?
¿Is that a way to show some kind of unconformity with the days we are living?	Is that a way to show some kind of unconformity with the present?
¿Can you remember when did you exactly started collecting antiques or you have us grown with it?	Can you remember when exactly you started collecting antiques or you have us grown with it? I don't understand the second half of the question.
hello 	hello 
I'm now learning english(intermediate) and i would like learn french, I'm from colombia, I live in bogota, I'm twenty four years old..	I'm now learning english(intermediate) and i would like learn french, I'm from colombia, I live in bogota, I'm twenty four years old..
hello 	hello 
I'm now learning english(intermediate) and i would like learn french, I'm from colombia, I live in bogota, I'm twenty four years old..	I'm now learning English(intermediate), and I would like learn I'm from Colombia, I live in Bogota, and I'm twenty four years old..
I want learn english, help me, please!!	I want to learn English. Help me, please!
I want learn english, help me, please!!	I want to learn english, help me, please!!
mi name is Arturo, i from Lima, peruvian.	My name is Arturo. I am from Lima, peruvian.
mi name is Arturo, i from Lima, peruvian.	My name is Arturo. I am from Lima, Peruvian.
I like play guitar and sing, but I can't practice every time, because I work in System of enginering.	I like to play guitar and sing, but I can't practice all the time, because I work in System of enginering.
I like play guitar and sing, but I can't practice every time, because I work in System of enginering.	I like to play guitar and sing, but I can't practice all the time because I work in System of Engineering. 
I like play guitar and sing, but I can't practice every time, because I work in System of enginering.	I like playing the guitar and singing, but I can't practice every time, because I work in System of enginering.
I like play guitar and sing, but I can't practice every time, because I work in System of enginering.	I like playing guitar and singing but I can't practice all the time because I work in System Engineering.
my first message for all	my first message for all
Hi	Hi
Today be late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I wait tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 	Today i was late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I wait for tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 
Today be late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I wait tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 	Today be late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I am waiting tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 
Today be late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I wait tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 	Today be late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I am waiting for tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 
lang-8	lang-8
welcome to my lang-8	welcome to my lang-8
I´m omar, i´m 19 and i´m studying in apply linguistic 	I´m omar, i´m 19 and i´m studying in apply linguistic 
Exchange languaje	Exchange language
Hi again, this time I want to ask for same body that to be learning spanish.	Hi again, this time round I want to ask for someone's help who is learning Spanish. 
Hi again, this time I want to ask for same body that to be learning spanish.	Hi again, This time I want to ask for help from someone who is learning Spanish.
I speak native spanish, so if you speak native english we can exchange conversations by msn voice.	I speak native Spanish, so if you speak native english we can exchange conversations by msn voice.I am a native Spanish speaker, so if you are a native English speaker, we can have conversations via MSN Voice.
For example you can talk only in spanish and if you make a mistake, I can correct you, the same for me, I'm only going to talk in english and if I make a mistake you can correct me.	For example, you can talk only in Spanish and if you make a mistake, I can correct you. The same for me. I'm only going to talk in english and if I make a mistake you can correct me.
Also we can speak same time only in spanish and same time only in english.	Also we can speak same time only in spanish and same time only in english.Also, we could speak together in the same language.
My inglish level of conversation it's better than my writting, but I need to practice a litle more.	My interpersonal skill for English is better than my writing however I need more practice. 
My inglish level of conversation it's better than my writting, but I need to practice a litle more.	My English level of conversation is ibetter than my writing , but I need to practice a little more.
I d'ont mind if your  spanish level of conversation it's not very good, I think that together we can improve our cualities.	I don't mind if your interpersonal skill for Spanish is not very good, I think that if we work together, we can improve our qualities. 
I d'ont mind if your  spanish level of conversation it's not very good, I think that together we can improve our cualities.	I don't mind if your Spanish level of conversation is not very good. I think that together we can improve our abilities
If you are the sort of person that I'm looking for, please contact with me.	If you are the sort of person that I'm looking for, please contact me.
Good day all people.	Good day all people.
I hate tv.	I Hate TV
Hi, I'm here again.	Hi, here I am again.
This time I want to talk about tv.	This time I want to talk about TV.
I think tv sucks.	I think TV sucks.
In the last times tv in spain, but realy I think in all contrys has become a crap.	In the last while TV in Spain but really I think all countries have become crap.
All the time on the tv there's programs of pink press, talking about the private life of socialite and many programs with no sense.	All the time on TV there are programs of pink press, talking about the private life of socialites and many programs with no sense.
I realy hate them.	I really hate them.
So, 4 year ago I decided don't back  to see tv, and what I found was, that I'm better than before.	So, 4 years ago I decided not to watch TV anymore, and what I found was that I'm better than before.
I've recover the waisted time.	I've recovered the wasted time.
Now I have more time for dedicated to myself, for learn about the things that realy concerne to me.	Now I have more time to dedicate to myself, for learning about the things that really concern me.
I can make a good use of my time and I'm happy for that.	I can make good use of my time and I'm happy for that.
Many people spend time complaining about tv and those programs, but they continue watchim them, creating a vicious circle.	Many people spend time complaining about TV and those programs, but they continue watching them, creating a vicious circle.
The best solution in my opinion is turn off the tv, or to search another thing.	The best solution in my opinion is to turn off the TV, or to look for something else.
My presentation	My presentation
Hi, i'm Gus and i'm from Spain and this is my fist item.	Hi, I'm Gus and I'm from Spain and this is my first item.
Hi, i'm Gus and i'm from Spain and this is my fist item.	Hi, I'm Gus and I'm from Spain and this is my first entry.
I'm 31 years old and i've been lerning english for 3 year ago, and i've been doing it on my own.	I'm 31 years old and I've been learning English for 3 years , and I've been doing it on my own.
I'm 31 years old and i've been lerning english for 3 year ago, and i've been doing it on my own.	I'm 31 years old and I've been studying English for 3 years , and I've been doing it on my own.
So, I've never take classes in english, but i spend much time watching and listening conversations in english, in audios, on movies, sitcoms, and so.	So, I've never taken classes in English, but I spend a lot of time watching and listening to conversations in English, in audio, in movies, sitcoms, and so on.
So, I've never take classes in english, but i spend much time watching and listening conversations in english, in audios, on movies, sitcoms, and so.	So, I've never taken any English classes, but I spend a lot of time watching and listening to conversations in English, in audio, in movies, sitcoms, and so on.
When i was younger i study french in my school.	When I was younger I studied French at school.
When i was younger i study french in my school.	When I was younger I studied French at school,
but now, i know that to get a good level of speaking in any languge it's not anough, whit taking classes.	But now, I know that to get a good level of speaking in any language it's not enough to take classes.
but now, i know that to get a good level of speaking in any languge it's not anough, whit taking classes.	but now, I know that to get a good level of speaking in any language, just taking classes is not enough.
To learn a new language, requires, much will, so if you don't have a necessary will or compromise, you don't going to impruve your qualitys of speaking and probably at the end, you going to give up.	Learning a new language requires a lot of willpower, so if you don't have the necessary willpower or compromise, you aren't going to improve your quality of speaking and probably, in the end, you're going to give up.
To learn a new language, requires, much will, so if you don't have a necessary will or compromise, you don't going to impruve your qualitys of speaking and probably at the end, you going to give up.	To learn a new language requires a lot of effort, so if you don't have the necessary willpower, you aren't going to improve the quality of your speech and probably in the end, you're going to give up.
So in my opinion, the bigest secret about to learn samething, it’s to compromise yourself with whatever you want it do, that’s what i believe.	So in my opinion, the biggest secret about learning something is to compromise yourself with whatever you want it do, that’s what I believe.
So in my opinion, the bigest secret about to learn samething, it’s to compromise yourself with whatever you want it do, that’s what i believe.	So in my opinion, the biggest secret about learning things, is to compromise yourself with whatever you want to do, that’s what I believe. Sorry, I can't understand your use of "compromise" here - can you explain it?
Regards to everyone.	Regards to everyone.
HELP ME TO PUT IN ORDER SOME WORD	HELP ME TO PUT IN ORDER SOME WORD
THESE ARE THE WORDS: WHAT HAVE YOU DOING BEEN YOU I SINCE SAW LAST YOU	THESE ARE THE WORDS: WHAT HAVE YOU DOING BEEN YOU I SINCE SAW LAST YOU
My answer was WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN DOING SINCE I SAW YOU LAST?	My answer was WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN DOING SINCE I SAW YOU LAST?
but It was wrong.	but It was wrong.
Please, could you help me to find the correct order and give me a short explanation.	Please, could you help me to find the correct order and give me a short explanation.
Thanks	Thanks
Manolo	Manolo
Liverpool's Official Tourism Web Sucks!!	Liverpool's Official Tourism Web Sucks!!
It's horrible!!	It's horrible!!
I can't describe it in one ord!	I can't describe it in one ord!
I can only explain it by yelling!!	I can only explain it by yelling!!
really!	really!
I'm going to the UK this summer, and since I'm spending so much days, and I'm done with everything in London, I want to visit another city.	I'm going to the UK this summer, and since I'm spending so much days, and I'm done with everything in London, I want to visit another city.
The first city that passed by my mind was Liverpool.	The first city that passed by my mind was Liverpool.
Obvious?	Obvious?
I don't know but...	I don't know but...
I'm regretting it!!	I'm regretting it!!
I did the same as with London: I went to the Official Tourism Web.	I did the same as with London: I went to the Official Tourism Web.
I can't find anything, though.	I can't find anything, though.
You go to something and they don't explain the most important things!!	You go to something and they don't explain the most important things!!
No information at all!!	No information at all!!
Only things like "It is great, fabulous, fantastic, important..."	Only things like "It is great, fabulous, fantastic, important..."
Then, I saw a tag which had "Touristic Guide" written.	Then, I saw a tag which had "Touristic Guide" written.
I thought "Fantastic!	I thought "Fantastic!
The same as with London!	The same as with London!
I'm saved!".	I'm saved!".
Wow, I can really be naïve!	Wow, I can really be naïve!
This Touristic Guide was even worse!!	This Touristic Guide was even worse!!
I'm freaking out, really.	I'm freaking out, really.
And what's worse, I don't have plenty of time, since I'm in the middle of my final exams.	And what's worse, I don't have plenty of time, since I'm in the middle of my final exams.
Really, this is driving me mad.	Really, this is driving me mad.
Improving My English	Improving My English
Since I came back from my holiday trip, I’ve been watching some Disney Channel series in English such as Wizards of Waverly Place, Hannah Montana and The Suite Life of Zack and Cody.	Since I came back from my holiday trip, I’ve been watching some Disney Channel series in English such, as Wizards of Waverly Place, Hannah Montana, and The Suite Life of Zack and Cody.
I’m doing it because I want to improve my English.	I’m doing it because I want to improve my English.
They are that kind of TV series that I wouldn’t watch if they were in my own language.	They are that kind of TV series that I wouldn’t watch, if they were in my own language.
Watching them in English, though, is quite funny.	Watching them in English, though, is quite funny.
Furthermore, I’ve been watching some films in English Lately.	Furthermore, I’ve been watching some films in English lately.
I hope this and reading Harry Potter in English help to improve my knowledge of this language.	I hope this, and reading Harry Potter in English help to improve my knowledge of this language.
English Classes / England	English Classes / England
Hello!!	Hello!!
How’s everybody?	How’s everybody?
Does everyone have exams?	Does everyone have exams?
I will soon finish them all!	I will soon finish them all!
Well, what I wanted to explain is my English classes.	Well, what I wanted to explain is my English classes.
Last week, I did two English exams.	Last week, I did two English exams.
In the first one, we had to write a summary of a given text.	In the first one, we had to write a summary of a given text.
In the second one, we had to answer a reading comprehension and we also had to write a composition.	In the second one, we had to answer a reading comprehension and we also had to write a composition.
When I finished the second exam, I realized something: not only haven’t I learnt anything this year, but I’m also losing my capacity of expression.	When I finished the second exam, I realized something: not only haven’t I learnt anything this year, but I’m also losing my capacity of expression.
I’m really disappointed with my career.	I’m really disappointed with my career.
I have six subjects, but I only learn something in two of them.	I have six subjects, but I only learn something in two of them.
What’s more, my English and my Spanish are worse than before.	What’s more, my English and my Spanish are worse than before.
I’m planning to read a lot and to watch films in English.	I’m planning to read a lot and to watch films in English.
I’d prefer to go to Ireland or Great Britain, though.	I’d prefer to go to Ireland or Great Britain, though.
If I go there, I think my English would improve.	If I go there, I think my English would improve.
The problem is that I have to get my driving license and I have to go to my village.	The problem is that I have to get my driving license and I have to go to my village.
I’d be free from the 15th July to the 29th July.	I’d be free from the 15th July to the 29th July.
If I get my driving license, I’d be free from the 1st September to the 17th September.	If I get my driving license, I’d be free from the 1st September to the 17th September.
Does anyone know anywhere where I could study/work?	Does anyone know anywhere where I could study/work?
If not, just correct my journal, please.	If not, just correct my journal, please.
;)	;)
G-Force	G-Force
I saw this film yesterday.	I saw this film yesterday.
It is about 3 guinea pigs and a mole that want to be secret agents from the FBI, since they’ve been trained for this purpose.	It is about 3 guinea pigs and a mole that want to be secret agents for the FBI, since they’ve been trained for this purpose.
One of the makers is Disney.	One of the makers is Disney.
The truth is that it is like a typical special agents movie: they are not recognized, they are prohibited from doing their job, and finally they accomplish a mission that no one else could do.	The truth is that it is like a typical special agents movie: they are not recognized, they are prohibited from doing their job, and finally they accomplish a mission that no one else could do.
There are some pretty animals like the guinea pigs themselves or the mice.	There are some pretty animals like the guinea pigs themselves or the mice.
I wouldn’t strongly recommend this film, but well, it has a few funny points and it’s not completely boring.	I wouldn’t strongly recommend this film, but well, it has a few funny points and it’s not completely boring.
Is this sentence OK?	Is this sentence OK?
"loving so many people from who I'll be apart from now on"	"being loved by so many people from who I'll be apart from now on"
"loving so many people from who I'll be apart from now on"	"I am loving many people from whom I will be apart from now on."
Mobbing or workplace bullying	Mobbing or workplace bullying
Mobbing is like bullying, but in the place you work.	Mobbing is like bullying, but in the place you work.
I think it's more or less known in USA and UK, but in Spain, no one knows about it.	I think it's more or less known in USA and UK, but in Spain, no one knows about it.
I mean, bullying is well-known and it does often appear in the news.	I mean, bullying is well-known and it does often appear in the news.
If you ask someone in the street, though, he or she will not know what you are talking about.	If you ask someone in the street, though, he or she will not know what you are talking about.
Why am I talking about it?	Why am I talking about it?
Because I know a person who suffers it and is struggling against it.	Because I know a person who suffers it and is struggling against it.
Few people want to help, though none of these are in her workplace.	Few people want to help, though none of these are in her workplace.
Well, this person has two friends, but they also suffer mobbing.	Well, this person has two friends, but they also suffer mobbing.
Last week, a "letter to the editor" was publish in a newspaper, but not much was explained in it.	Last week, a "letter to the editor" was publish in a newspaper, but not much was explained in it.
Also, in Spain there isn't any law against this kind of treatment.	Also, in Spain there isn't any law against this kind of treatment.
She is writing a blog explaining what they do to her and how she acts against it: bajoelyugodelmobbing.	She is writing a blog explaining what they do to her and how she acts against it: bajoelyugodelmobbing.
blogspot.	blogspot.
com	com
Please, visit it (it's in Spanish, though)	Please, visit it (it's in Spanish, though)
Help - Go To UK	Help - Go To UK
Does anyone know any school/university where I can take a course of about 2 weeks?	Does anyone know any school/university where I can take a course of about 2 weeks?
I want to go to the UK in order to improve my English, and I want to meet English people and talk with them.	I want to go to the UK in order to improve my English, and I want to meet English people and talk with them.
I don't know what to do!!>.<	I don't know what to do!!>.<
I was thinking of taking a short course and stay in a hostel.	I was thinking of taking a short course and stay in a hostel.
The most important thing is to meet people and talk with them.	The most important thing is to meet people and talk with them.
The courses are not very important, indeed.	The courses are not very important, indeed.
The most important thing is speaking!	The most important thing is speaking!
So, if anybody knows where I can meet English people...	So, if anybody knows where I can meet English people...
that would be a very important information.	that would be a very important information.
Well, if anyone can help me, I'd be very grateful.	Well, if anyone can help me, I'd be very grateful.
:)	:)
What to visit in UK?	What to visit in UK?
I'm going to England this July.	I'm going to England this July.
I will be spending 9 days in London, but I've got 5 days left to spend visiting other things.	I will be spending 9 days in London, but I've got 5 days left to spend visiting other things.
I've thought about going to Liverpool.	I've thought about going to Liverpool.
There, I could visit the cathedral, the house where two of them lived, and...	There, I could visit the cathedral, the house where two of them lived, and...
I don't know else.	I don't know else.
I have to look the Website, although it's difficult to understand.	I have to look the Website, although it's difficult to understand.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Do you think I should visit 2 cities (which?), or is there any other city that has a lot to visit (like London)?	Do you think I should visit 2 cities (which?), or is there any other city that has a lot to visit (like London)?
Starting New Year Course	Starting New Year Course
Today is 10th September… That means that I have 10 days of holidays left.	Today is the 10th of September… That means that I have 10 days of holidays left.
My school year begins the 21st September.	My school year begins on the 21st September.
For some of you, it may seem quite late, but it is quite early, actually.	For some of you, it may seem quite late, but it is quite early, actually.
I’m at university and it used to start at October.	I’m at university and it used to start in October.
Now, though, since the education reform, we start at September.	Now, though, since the education reform, we start in September.
First year students start their classes the same day that primary and secondary students start theirs.	First year students start their classes the same day that primary and secondary students start theirs.
For us, it’s a little bit frustrating, and it’s even more frustrating when you attend classes in which you do absolutely nothing.	For us, it’s a little bit frustrating, and it’s even more frustrating when you attend classes in which you do absolutely nothing.
Future... Acting	Future... Acting
Wanting to be an actress is quite difficult.	Wanting to be an actress is quite difficult.
Well, it’s not really difficult… What is difficult is to actually become one.	Well, it’s not really difficult… What is difficult is to actually become one.
And not only because there are so many people wanting to be actresses, or because you cannot play all the roles.	It's not only because there are so many people wanting to be actresses, or because you cannot play every role.
This is the last.	This is the last.
There are another think you have to think of, if you want to be an actress.	There is another thing you have to think of, if you want to be an actress.
You have to know where to start.	You have to know where to start.
The truth is that I don’t know what I should do (apart from finishing my career).	The truth is that I don’t know what I should do (apart from finishing my career).
This year, because of where’s my flat, I have to study drama at the university.	This year, because of where my flat is, I have to study drama at the university.
Next year I’ll be living in a big city, so I’m sure I’ll be able to go to a drama school.	Next year I’ll be living in a big city, so I’m sure I’ll be able to go to a drama school.
I’ll finish university in two years, if everything goes OK.	I’ll finish university in two years, if everything goes OK.
What should I do after that?	What should I do after that?
I cannot take a four-year-drama-school because I will be too old when I finish.	I cannot take a four-year-drama-school because I will be too old when I finish.
That’s why… I have three options:	That’s why… I have three options:
1.	1.
Stay in Spain, study a master of Drama Studies and seek jobs.	Stay in Spain, study for a master's in Drama Studies and look for a job.
2.	2.
Go to England, attend a master of two years, and seek.	Go to England, study under a two-year master's program, and look for a job.
(Or seek without studying).	(Or look for one without studying).
3.	3.
The same that in point 2, but going to Los Angeles.	The same as in point 2, but in Los Angeles.
The most important theatre is in England.	The best for theatre is England.
TV and cinema are in LA.	TV and cinema are in LA.
What’s better?	What’s better?
I don’t know… I just love acting.	I don’t know… I just love acting.
Everybody's Fine (2009)	Everybody's Fine (2009)
Today, I watched Everybody’s fine.	Today, I watched Everybody’s fine.
The first time I knew about it was when I was waiting for the subway.	The first time I knew about it was when I was waiting for the subway.
There was a very big banner with the poster of the movie.	There was a very big banner with the poster of the movie.
I thought it could be OK watching Robert De Niro, Drew Barrimore and so on.	I thought it could be OK watching Robert De Niro, Drew Barrimore and so on.
This movie is about a man with four grown-up children.	This movie is about a man with four grown-up children.
He expected too much from his children and pushed them quite hard.	He expected too much from his children and pushed them quite hard.
The one who listened to them was their mum, but she died 8 months ago.	The one who listened to them was their mum, but she died 8 months ago.
This father decides to go and visit all of them, as a surprise, but he ends up staying in each house one day and every one lies to him.	This father decides to go and visit all of them, as a surprise, but he ends up staying in each house one day and every one lies to him.
After this trip, he learns some things about parents behaviour and relationships between fathers and sons.	After this trip, he learns some things about parents behaviour and relationships between fathers and sons.
This movie is quite slow.	This movie is quite slow.
I guess it’s just because the main character is slow, but this kind of movie needs things to be fast, or they get boring.	I guess it’s just because the main character is slow, but this kind of movie needs things to be fast, or they get boring.
There aren’t many things to happen, really.	There aren’t many things to happen, really.
Also, at the end, it seems more like a documental on “how you should treat your children: what’s good for them and what is not”.	Also, at the end, it seems more like a documental on “how you should treat your children: what’s good for them and what is not”.
In short, I didn’t like it.	In short, I didn’t like it.
I didn’t feel anything at all with this film.	I didn’t feel anything at all with this film.
Just boredom and sadness for the way the father is treated (although I know it’s not his children’s fault).	Just boredom and sadness for the way the father is treated (although I know it’s not his children’s fault).
A Christmas Carol (2009)	A Christmas Carol (2009)
I have just seen the Disney version of A Christmas Carol.	I have just seen the Disney version of A Christmas Carol.
As many people, I already knew the story written by Charles Dickens.	As many people, I already knew the story written by Charles Dickens.
When I saw the trailer, though, I wanted to watch the movie.	When I saw the trailer, though, I wanted to watch the movie.
I remember that it seemed dark and a little bit funny.	I remember that it seemed dark and a little bit funny.
Later, I read something about it, although I don’t remember from which website, and it criticized the filmed because it wasn’t for children, although it was from Disney.	Later, I read something about it, although I don’t remember from which website, and it criticized the filmed because it wasn’t for children, although it was from Disney.
Anyway, I watched it today.	Anyway, I watched it today.
At first, it’s quite a usual one, but when Scrooge gets to his home and sees that type of aura on his door house… It gets pretty scary, really.	At first, it’s quite a usual one, but when Scrooge gets to his home and sees that type of aura on his door house… It gets pretty scary, really.
The appearance of his old fellow is not better: the sudden appearance after the noises and the silence, his sudden changes of mood, the appearance of a lot of ghosts after his disappearance… 	The appearance of his old fellow is not better: the sudden appearance after the noises and the silence, his sudden changes of mood, the appearance of a lot of ghosts after his disappearance… 
If this wasn’t enough, there are more horrible views: the dislocating jaw of the ghost (although it gets quite funny when he tries to talk), the ghost of the present dying, his skin drying out, turning into a skeleton, the representation of the ignorance turning to violence, the want turning to prostitution, all the madness involved in this characters…	If this wasn’t enough, there are more horrible views: the dislocating jaw of the ghost (although it gets quite funny when he tries to talk), the ghost of the present dying, his skin drying out, turning into a skeleton, the representation of the ignorance turning to violence, the want turning to prostitution, all the madness involved in this characters…
I want to make something clear: it’s not like I think that it’s a bad movie.	I want to make something clear: it’s not like I think that it’s a bad movie.
I actually enjoyed it.	I actually enjoyed it.
But… I’m not sure if I would want my little cousins to watch it.	But… I’m not sure if I would want my little cousins to watch it.
Well, for grown-up children it might be OK, but… for little children… I don’t think so.	Well, for grown-up children it might be OK, but… for little children… I don’t think so.
By the way, something I just wanted to say: the laughter of the ghost of the present drives me mad.	By the way, something I just wanted to say: the laughter of the ghost of the present drives me mad.
I hate it!	I hate it!
I couldn’t bear listening to him any more!	I couldn’t bear listening to him any more!
I’m lucky it ended.	I’m lucky it ended.
The aura	The aura
This is my translation from Spanish to English from a book to know about aura.	This is my Spanish to English translation from a book to know about auras.
This is my translation from Spanish to English from a book to know about aura.	This is my translation from Spanish to English of a section from a book about auras.
Correct me :), thanks!	Correct me :), thanks!
Introduction	Introduction
The objective from this book is that you understand the meaning of aura and that you can have the best tools to deeply know your own auric field, through meditation.	The objective of this book is that you understand the meaning of aura and that you get the best tools to deeply understand your own auric field through meditation.
The objective from this book is that you understand the meaning of aura and that you can have the best tools to deeply know your own auric field, through meditation.	The purpose of this book is to help readers understand the meaning of auras and to equip them with the best tools to deeply understand their own auric field through meditation.
So, you can have a control to your aura as you can control your body.	So, you can control your aura as you can control your body.
So, you can have a control to your aura as you can control your body.	so that they can control their aura in order to control their body. Connect to previous sentence.
Clarification about chakras	Clarification about chakras
Chakras are ubicated in each of auric body and are responsible to retain and metabolize the energy that that body need to work optimally.	Chakras are located in each auric body and are responsible of retaining and metabolizing the energy a body needs to work optimally.
Chakras are ubicated in each of auric body and are responsible to retain and metabolize the energy that that body need to work optimally.	Chakras are located in each auric body and are responsible for retaining and metabolizing the energy that the body needs to work optimally.
Each energetic body is different to other and has own functions and reality levels, chakras will change their own function in each other of them.	Each energetic body is different to another and has its own functions and reality levels, chakras will change their own function in each of them.
Each energetic body is different to other and has own functions and reality levels, chakras will change their own function in each other of them.	As each energetic body is different and has its own functions and reality levels, chakras will change their functions in each of them.
The seven Chakras that we normally know have different expressions, in accordance to the auric field in where situated its presence.	The seven Chakras we normally know about have different expressions, in accordance to the auric field in where they situated their presence.
The seven Chakras that we normally know have different expressions, in accordance to the auric field in where situated its presence.	The seven Chakras that we normally know about have different expressions according to the auric field where they are situated.
In fact we don't have one cardiac chakra, for example, if not seven: one in the etheric body, other in the emocional body, other in the mental body, other in the astral body, etc.	In fact we don't have one cardiac chakra, for example, but seven: one in the etheric body, another in the emocional body, another in the mental body, another in the astral body, etc.
In fact we don't have one cardiac chakra, for example, if not seven: one in the etheric body, other in the emocional body, other in the mental body, other in the astral body, etc.	In fact, we don't have just one cardiac chakra, for example, but seven: one in the etheric body, another in the emotional body, another in the mental body, another in the astral body, etc.
Usually the literature from this theme describe chakras from the emocional body as the only that exist.	Usually the literature about this theme describes chakras from the emotional body as the only existing ones.
Usually the literature from this theme describe chakras from the emocional body as the only that exist.	Usually the literature on this topic describes chakras from the emotional body as the only ones that exist.
The reality is other.	The reality is different.
The reality is other.	The reality is different, however.
In each layer from our aura , that have one level of especific frecuency, we can check the exist to other frecuency levels from seven chakras.	In each aura layer , that has one level of specific frequency, we can check the existence of other frequency levels from seven chakras.
Introducing me	Introducing myself
Good evening, this is my second entry.	Good evening, this is my second entry.
Today I've been thinking about what I could write here.	Today I've been thinking about what I could write here.
So I decided to introduce me to you.	So I decided to introduce myself to you.
While I'm writing, I'm drinking green tea.	While I'm writing I'm drinking green tea.
I drink it every night because it's good for my health.	I drink it every night because it's good for my health.
I've finished secondary school but I don't study at University until next year.	I've finished secondary school, but I won't start studying at the university until next year.
I didn't decide for what carreer I would study.	Before, I hadn't decided what career I would study.
But this year I decided study psychology because I love analyze people and understand what happen in their minds.	But this year I decided to study psychology because I love analyzing people and trying to understand what goes on in their minds.
But this year I decided study psychology because I love analyze people and understand what happen in their minds.	However, this year I decided study psychology because I love to analyze people and try to understand what goes on in their minds.
I consider me a good person who love enojoying live, and spend time with the nature.	I consider myself a good person who loves enjoying life and spending time in nature.
In my free time I really enjoy see the sky and their stars.	In my free time, I really enjoy looking at the sky and the stars.
I think that in those hidden a message important to you, to your soul, but sometimes we don't realize.	I think that there is a hidden message in them that is important to you and to your soul, but sometimes we don't realize it.
Well, this is all for today.	Well, this is all for today.
Tomorrow will be another day.	Tomorrow will be another day.
And I want write.	And I want to write.
See you soon :) 	See you soon :) 
My first entry	My first entry
Hello everybody!	Hello everybody!
This is my first entry,and sincerely I feel a little scared.	This is my first entry, and, to be honest, I feel a little scared.
Well..	Well..
I'm studying English along three years but I think that I need to practicing it more.	I've been studying English for three years, but I think that I need to practice it more often. Or, "I think I need more practice."
I didn't know what was Lang-8 until my friend Martín recomended me it.	I didn't know what Lang-8 was until my friend Martín recomended it to me.
I didn't know what was Lang-8 until my friend Martín recomended me it.	I didn't know what Lang-8 was until my friend Martín recommended it to me.
Until now I was correcting entries from other members.	Until now, I was just correcting entries of other members.
I think Lang-8 is a wonderful place to meet people, help them, and finally learn about languages.	I think Lang-8 is a wonderful place to meet people, help them, and learn about languages.
Too much for today.	Too much for today.
Correct me!	Correct me!
Thanks :)	Thanks :)
The Black Cat (El Gato Negro)	The Black Cat (El Gato Negro)
Hello everybody!	Hello everybody!
Today I’ll write a Spanish translation of the book we’re reading in english.	Today I’ll write a Spanish translation of the book we’re reading in English.
The name of the book is "The Black Cat", (and) is an adaptation of the original book.	The name of the book is "The Black Cat", and it is an adaptation of the original book.
The Black Cat (El Gato Negro)	The Black Cat (El Gato Negro)
You are not going to believe this story.	You are not going to believe this story.
But it is a true story, as true as I sit here writing it - as true as I will die in the morning.	But it is a true story, as true as I sit here writing it - as true as I will die in the morning.
Yes, this story ends with my end, with my death tomorrow.	Yes, this story ends with my end, with my death tomorrow.
No vas a creer esta historia.	No vas a creer esta historia.
Pero es real, tan real como estoy sentado escribiéndola - tan real como voy a morir en la mañana.	Pero es real, tan real como yo, sentado aquí escribiéndola - tan real como el hecho de que voy a morir en la mañana. This might be incorrect, but it's how I would have written it.
Sí, esta historia termina con mi final, con mi muerte de mañana.	Sí, esta historia termina con mi final, con mi muerte de mañana.
I have always been a kind and loving person - everyone will tell you this.	I have always been a kind and loving person - everyone will tell you this.
They will also tell you that I have always loved animals more than anything.	They will also tell you that I have always loved animals more than anything.
When I was a little boy, my family always had many different animals round the house.	When I was a little boy, my family always had many different animals round the house.
As I grew up, I spent most of my time with them, giving them their food and cleaning them.	As I grew up, I spent most of my time with them, giving them their food and cleaning them.
I married when I was very young, and I was happy to find that my wife loved all of our animal friends as much as I did.	I married when I was very young, and I was happy to find that my wife loved all of our animal friends as much as I did.
She bought us the most beautiful animals.	She bought us the most beautiful animals.
We had all sorts of birds, gold fish, a fine dog and a cat.	We had all sorts of birds, gold fish, a fine dog and a cat.
This is all for now.	This is all for now.
Correct me!	Correct me!
Where is my head?	Where is my head?
You would not believe what happened to me this morning.	You would not believe what happened to me this morning.
I wake up at 6 o’clock like I always do.	I woke up at 6 like I always do. It's usually not necessary to say "o'clock."
Althought the alarm rang I was already awake.	Although the alarm went off, I was already awake. A phone rings; an alarm goes off.
I turned it off and I got up feeling my naked feet on the floor.	I turned it off and I got up, feeling my bare feet on the floor.
It did not bother me.	It didn't bother me.
I like the cold touch of the wood floor under the soles of my feet.	I like the cold touch of the wood floor under the soles of my feet.
For me, this is my first treat with daily reality, something like a frontier between the world of dreams (and deads) and the tangible world.	For me, this is my first encounter with daily reality, something like a frontier between the world of dreams (and death) and the tangible world.
I went forward the corridor to bath room and, there, after piss the beer of the eve, I had a shower.	I walked down the hallway to the bathroom and, there, after pissing the beer from the night before, I took a shower.
I was hangover.	I was hung over. The verb phrase is "to be hung over." You can also use it as a noun and say "to have a hangover."
‘Too much beer’ I thought and I decided that a cold shower could be a fast, effective solution.	‘Too much beer’ I thought, and I decided that a cold shower could be a fast, effective solution.
I put under running water and what was my surprise when the cold water oversteped my head straight to my neck.	I put myself under the running water and to my surprise, the cold water shot over my head and fell straight on my neck.
Oh my God!	Oh my God!
I had no head.	I had no head.
I had nothing on my shoulders.	I had nothing on my shoulders.
Now, a few hours later, I’m in front of my computer without knowing what to do.	Now, a few hours later, I’m in front of my computer and I don't know what to do.
I’m scared and I don’t dare to try touching my head, but the reflection of the monitor confirms my suspicions: I’m a man without a head.	I’m scared and I don’t dare try touching my head, but the reflection of the monitor confirms my suspicions: I’m a man without a head.
What can I do?	What can I do?
I had a monkey	I had a monkey
I had a monkey and I really loved him, but when he decided to leave me I felt some reliefe.	I had a monkey and I really loved him, but when he decided to leave me I felt some relief.
I know that it sounds detestable but it’s true: I was glad, maybe just a little, but I was really happy.	I know that it sounds detestable, but it’s true: I was glad, maybe just a little, but I was really happy. I don't understand, "I was glad...but I was really happy." Glad and happy are synonyms.
Not that the monkey was misbehaving.	Not that the monkey was misbehaving.
He behaved well enough to have only two years old: he cooked, he ironed, he cleaned the bathroom, he went to groceries, etc.	He behaved well enough for being only two years old: he cooked, he ironed, he cleaned the bathroom, he did the groceries, etc.
In short: he did all the tasks that monkeys usually do, you know.	In short, he did all the tasks that monkeys usually do, you know.
In fact, I admit that I don’t remember how the washer works, but now this isn’t the issue here.	In fact, I admit that I don’t remember how the washer works, but now this isn’t the issue here.
The issue here is that he became selfish and greedy.	The issue here is that he became selfish and greedy.
The day before he left me I was very tired.	The day before he left me I was very tired.
I was really exhausted.	I was really exhausted.
I had been playing golf all the afternoon with an old friend.	I had been playing golf all afternoon with an old friend.
When I got home, I just wanted to watch TV: no supper, no music, no monkey,...	When I got home, I just wanted to watch TV: no dinner, no music, no monkey,... "Dinner" is a more standard word than "supper."
nothing, but the monkey said that he was waiting for to talk to me.	nothing, but the monkey said that he was waiting to talk to me.
He wanted to be paid for his tasks in home and he demanded more food.	He wanted to be paid for his tasks at home and he demanded more food.
‘THREE BANANAS!’ I said surpraised ‘Are you crazy?’ I couldn’t believe it ‘But you are a monkey, man, and everybody knows that a monkey only need one banana a day and NOW I’m giving you TWO a day.	‘THREE BANANAS!’ I said, surprised. ‘Are you crazy?’ I couldn’t believe it. ‘But you are a monkey, man, and everybody knows that monkeys only need one banana a day and NOW I’m giving you TWO a day.
Do you want to get fat?	Do you want to get fat?
Do you want colesterol and a hearth attack?’ You can see that I wanted the best for him but he didn’t come to his senses.	Do you want high cholesterol and a heart attack?’ You can see that I wanted the best for him, but he didn’t come to his senses.
Sometimes it’s hard to talk with a monkey.	Sometimes it’s hard to talk to a monkey.
Well, finally he left me.	Well, in the end, he left me.
That’s all.	That’s all.
He left me because he wanted one banana more.	He left me because he wanted one more banana.
Christ, what a petty!	Christ, what a petty guy!
Fran	Fran
P.	P.
S.	S.
I guess he will not expect that I will pay him all the money I owe.	I guess he doesn't expect for me to pay him all the money I owe.
First post: Introducing myself	First post: Introducing myself
Hi everyone,	Hi everyone,
My name is Alfonso Arceo and I'm here to improve my english skills due to my job.	My name is Alfonso Arceo and I'm here to improve my English skills due to my job.
I need to become a fluent speaker because my job consists in taking calls from english-speaking customers in america and help theme with their issues.	I need to become a fluent speaker because my job consists in taking calls from English-speaking customers in America and helping them with their issues.
I need to become a fluent speaker because my job consists in taking calls from english-speaking customers in america and help theme with their issues.	I need to become a fluent speaker because my job consists of taking calls from english-speaking customers in america and help theme with their issues. Agree with above corrections.
Also, I can help you with your spanish (Mexican).	Also, I can help you with your Spanish (Mexican).
So if you wanna talk and practice your spanish (or english) please contact me about 9 am and 11 am (GMT -6) or send me a text message anytime.	So if you wanna talk and practice your Spanish (or English), please contact me between 9 am and 11 am (GMT -6) or send me a text message anytime.
P.	P.
S.	S.
What I did yesterday	What I did yesterday
What Im specting from this post is to know how Im doing with my grammar my bocabulary and my english expresion.	What I am expecting from this post is to know how I am doing with my grammar, my vocabulary, and my english expresion.
So Im started.	So now I start.
Today at morning I went to work, fater has a plece inside the local market so I use to go there and do as the casher.	This morning I went to work, my father has a place inside the local market so I go there and work as the cashier.
When at work is not much to do I pick up my notebook and start practice my hiragana/katakana, I hope some day be as good as that, that I would go to Japan to sharp my skills, my all life dream is to become into a internacional bissenes bachelort and to be working all over the world, but now on it seems so much like a dream, that I much of the times feld down and surpassed for such a dream I have so, getting back to the main point, after finished my work at my fathers place y took my computer and watched some anime material I did have in.	When I am at work there is not much to do, so I pick up my notebook and start to practice my hiragana/katakana, I hope some day be as good at that, so that I would go to Japan to sharpen my skills, my all life my dream was to work in international business and to be working all over the world, but now it seems so much like a dream, that much of the time I feel down unmotivated. Getting back to the main point, after I finished my work at my fathers place I took my computer and watched some anime material I did have in.
When at work is not much to do I pick up my notebook and start practice my hiragana/katakana, I hope some day be as good as that, that I would go to Japan to sharp my skills, my all life dream is to become into a internacional bissenes bachelort and to be working all over the world, but now on it seems so much like a dream, that I much of the times feld down and surpassed for such a dream I have so, getting back to the main point, after finished my work at my fathers place y took my computer and watched some anime material I did have in.	When I'm at work there is not much to do so I pick up my notebook and start practicing my hiragana/katakana. I hope that someday I can be good so that I can go to Japan to sharpen my skills. My life dream is to become an international businessman and to be working all over the world, but right now it seems like such a dream. So much like a dream that I often feel down and surpassed for such a dream I have. So getting back to the main point, after I finished my work at my father's place I took my computer and watched some anime.
afterwards I headed with my friends, we met at movie theater to see monsters vs alliens, the movie was cool perhaps some randoms tophics it had.	Afterwards I met my friends, at a movie theater to see the movie "monsters vs alliens".  The movie was cool and perhaps had some random topics in it.
It was my first entrance thanks for reading.	It was my first entrance thanks for reading.
Future	Future
for anonymous:	for anonymous: What do you mean by this?
This is another of my experimets in writing I hope you to be comprehensive with my.	This is another of my experiment in writing. I hope you will understand what I mean.
Im a 17 year old mexican who has very big expectatives for life, but.	I am a 17 year old Mexican who has a very big expectation for life but...
Do I fullfil life expectatives?.	Have I fulfilled my expectation in life?
Sonner or later Iwill be leaving home.	Sooner or later I will leave our home.
By the time Iám already doing it.	As of now, I am already doing it.
When Iám going to university I shall leave my hometown to start my career.	When it is time for me to attend university, I shall leave my hometown and prepare for my future.
Isn´t it fun the name we choose for our all-life-job?	Isn't if exciting to choose which path to take for our future?
career...	career... Why is this thing alone? What is the idea here?
I mean why career.	I mean, why choose a career?
Furthermore analisis most beeing taking soon.	A further analysis must be consider.
And before going one last question.	And before you take a step, There should be a final glance to the outlook.
Why are you expecting from life?.	Why are you expecting from life?.
Do you thing you have what is needed to have it?.	Do you think you have what ii takes to have it?
Well is all I have to said from tonight.	Well, that is all what I have to say for tonight.
Bye.	Bye.
Your friend Enrro.	Your friend, Enrro.
Mexico, Soccer and Flu	Mexico, Soccer and Flu
Swine Flu in mexico ha not only change the habits of our people but also foreigners ones.	Swine Flu in mexico has not only change the habits of our people but also foreigners . NOTE: one isn't needed.
Mexicans were not even acquaintance of surgery masks.	Mexicans were not even acquaintance of surgery masks.
Until resently those were only used by housekeepers and the industry sector.	Until recently those were only used by housekeepers and the industry sector.
Now that the flu news spred all over the world Mexicans are  treat like leprosy	Now that the flu news spread all over the world Mexicans are  treat like leprosy.
As an example.	As an example.
The mexican team of soccer "Las chivas" on his trip to Santiago, Chile, was deaddly discriminated by Chileans.	The mexican team of soccer "Las chivas" on his trip to Santiago, Chile, was severely discriminated by Chileans.
at the time they arrived the airport and when they went out the a mall in the same city.	At the time they arrived the airport and when they went out the a mall in the same city.
They said that it was like:	They said that it was like:
Having a giant bubble surrounding them.	Having a giant bubble surrounding them.
Done	Done
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe	Eeny, meeny, miny, moe
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
I have a big doubt, I hope you can help me with that.	I have a big doubt, I hope you can help me with that.
Today in my english class my teacher said something weird when she was choosing a person to made a presentation.	Today in my English class my teacher said something weird when she was choosing a person to make a presentation.
She said: eeny meeny, mini, moe Catch a tiger by the toe If he hollers let him go...	She said: eeny meeny, mini, moe Catch a tiger by the toe If he hollers let him go...
What does it means?	What does it means?
I think that is a kind of rhyme.	I think it is a kind of rhyme.
In spanish we have something similar that we used to select a person.	In Spanish we have something similar that we use to select a person.
Our rhyme said: "De tin marín, de don pingüé, cúcara mácara títere fue,	Our rhyme goes: "De tin marín, de don pingüé, cúcara mácara títere fue,
yo no fui, fue teté, pégale, pégale que ella fue".	yo no fui, fue teté, pégale, pégale que ella fue".
Somebody knows more about this little rhyme?	Does anybody know more about this little rhyme?
I think that in french is something like that: Ams, tram, gram, Pic et pic et colégram...	I think that in French there is something like that: Ams, tram, gram, Pic et pic et colégram...
but I´m not sure.	but I´m not sure.
This rhyme exist in other languages?	Does this rhyme exist in other languages?
What is the meaning of...	What is the meaning of...
Hi everyone!	Hi everyone!
I have a big question about a phrase that I read in a book but I don´t know what is the meaning.	I have a little question about a phrase that I read in a book but which I don't know the meaning of.
The phrase is "I love you upside down" 	The phrase is "I love you upside down" 
I hope you can help me with this little problem.	I hope you can help me with this little problem.
Thank you!	Thank you!
It´s time to change	It´s time to change
I had to write this for my english class, I hope you could help me with my writing, Thank you!	I had to write this for my english class, I hope you could help me with my writing, Thank you!
Its time to change… with this sentence the first thing that comes to my mind is a song from Juanes (the colombian singer).	Its time to change… with this sentence the first thing that comes to my mind is a song from Juanes (the colombian singer).
Have you ever hear about this song?	Have you ever heard this song?
I know that is a stupid comparation, but it is a very famous song and always is in the radio.	I know it is a stupid comparison, but it is a very famous song. It is always played on the radio.
Even if it is a song from Juanes, I think that the context and the meaning of the song have a lot of things that are true.	Even if it is a song from Juanes, I think that the context and the meaning of the song say a lot of things that are true.
The song said that the people in the world have forgotten the frienship, the love and other good fellings, and now the only thing that is important for us is the money and the work.	The song said that the people of the world have forgotten about friendship,love, and other good feelings. And now the only things that are important for us are money and work.
In all the song he never suggest something to finish with that problem, well, yes he did but it is a very corny solution.	Through the entire song, he never suggests any ways to end those problems. Well... yes he did, but it is a very corny solution.
In my personal point of view the only way to change it is start with us.	In my personal point of view, the only way to change it is to start with us.
If I don´t have the intention to change with little things I can´t change the biggest.	If I don´t have the intention to change with the smallest things, I can´t change the biggest.
Anyway, the sentence Its time to change makes me think in how difficult is try to start something to change.	Anyway, the sentence "Its time to change" makes me think of how difficult is try to start changing something.
Because we can change many things, like superficial things, like a cellphone, a computer, a dress, etc.	Because we can change many things. Superficial things like a cellphone, a computer, a dress, etc.
We can change habits too, like the sport we practice, the school where we go, or the serie that we watch on tv.	We can change habits too, like the sport we practice, the school where we go, or the programs that we watch on tv.
But I think that Its time to change it is referring to something biggest, like our bahavior in the world.	But I think that "Its time to change" is referring to something bigger, like our behavior in the world.
That´s why I don´t know how to complete the sentence, I don´t have any idea about how the people or even how I can change something to become better.	That´s why I don´t know how to complete the sentence. I don´t have any idea of how people or even how I can change something to become better.
Maybe now, with the  simple fact to do my homework I´m doing something to change my own person, and maybe this would be good for the future of myself and my country or the human think… but who knows.	Maybe now, by the simple act of doing my homework. I´m doing something to change my own person. And maybe this would be good for the future of myself and my country. Or even the human race… But who knows.
My B day	My B day
Today is my birthday.	Today is my birthday.
I´m feeling blue (is ok that expression when I´m referring to sadness?) Why?	I´m feeling blue (is ok that expression when I´m referring to sadness?) Why?
I have no idea, I´m young, and I´m doing the things that I want to do, but maybe I need something more...	I have no idea why, I´m young, and I´m doing the things that I want to do, but maybe I need something more...
The problem is that I don´t know what it is.	The problem is that I don´t know what it is.
Maybe I´m feeling in that way because is my birthday, because the last days I was cool...	I was feeling fine the last few days so maybe I´m feeling that way because it is my birthday. suena mas claro escrito asi
Now is early in my country, It´s 1am so nobody have told me congratulations!	Now it is early in my country, It´s 1am so nobody has told me congratulations!
Now is early in my country, It´s 1am so nobody have told me congratulations!	Now it is early in my country. It´s 1am so nobody has told me ''congratulations!''
...	...
But I´m going to wait for my hugs, and my congratulations...	But I´m going to wait for my hugs, and my congratulations...
ohhh and the most important in my country is when the friends and the family sings the birthday song which is calling "las mañanitas" I really love that song, is so romantic and lovely...	ohhh and the most important thing in my country is when the friends and family sings the birthday song which is called "las mañanitas" I really love that song, it is so romantic and lovely...
ohhh and the most important in my country is when the friends and the family sings the birthday song which is calling "las mañanitas" I really love that song, is so romantic and lovely...	ohhh and the most important thing in my country is when friends and family sing a birthday song called "las mañanitas" I really love that song, it is so romantic and lovely...
for me is one of the best songs in spanish :)	for me  it's one of the best songs in spanish :) *For me it's one of my favorite songs in Spanish.
for me is one of the best songs in spanish :)	for me it is one of the best songs in spanish :)
Well I hope that my birthday turn into a good way.	Well I hope that my birthday turn into a good way. *Well I hope that my birthday turns out good.
Well I hope that my birthday turn into a good way.	Well I hope that my birthday gets better.
So happy birthday to me!	So happy birthday to me!
Hi, 	Hi 
Hi i from of chile and i want learn english =) 	Hi, I am from Chile and I want to learn English =) 
Hola soy de Chile y quiero aprender ingles, osea perfeccionarme mucho más =)	Hola soy de Chile y quiero aprender ingles, osea perfeccionarme mucho más =)
 Who Help Me?	 Who Will Help Me?
I'm trying to correct some publications in spanish but I don't know how to do it; I did it an hour ago and It doesn't appear to corrected,  I'm beginner in this page.	I'm trying to correct some publications in Spanish but I don't know how to do it; I did it an hour ago and It doesn't appear to corrected. I'm beginner on this website.
I'm trying to correct some publications in spanish but I don't know how to do it; I did it an hour ago and It doesn't appear to corrected,  I'm beginner in this page.	I'm trying to correct some publications in spanish but I don't know how to do it; I did it an hour ago and It doesn't appear to corrected, I'm a beginner in this page.
can anybody help me?	Can anybody help me?
:(	:(
Im bored I dont know to do right now :(	I'm bored; I don't know what to do right now :(
My english	My English
I think my english is very very bad haahaa I say to  it because I need to learn lots of vocabulary sometimes I want to keep a conversation with someone but I despair because I don't know how to say the things in english or some people despairs for talking with me and they make me to feel very sad and after I don't already want to talk  with them and I delete them on msn.	I think my English is very very bad haahaa I say this as I still need to learn lots of vocabulary sometimes I want to hold a conversation with someone but I despair because I don't know how to say the things in english or some people are irritated when talking with me and they make me to feel very sad and after all I don't already want to talk with them and I delete them on msn.
I think my english is very very bad haahaa I say to  it because I need to learn lots of vocabulary sometimes I want to keep a conversation with someone but I despair because I don't know how to say the things in english or some people despairs for talking with me and they make me to feel very sad and after I don't already want to talk  with them and I delete them on msn.	I think my English is very very bad. haahaa I say this because I need to learn lots of vocabulary. Sometimes I want to have a conversation with someone but I despair because I don't know how to say things in English or some people get impatient while talking with me and they make me feel very sad. After that I don't want to talk with them anymore and I delete them from my msn friend list.
In my opinion the english is important for cualquier situation for example: business, friendship and so on, I like english very much some day I'd like to travel some country who speaks english and does friends.	In my opinion, English is important for any situation, for example: business, friendship and so on. I like English very much. Someday I'd like to travel to another country where they speak English and make friends.
In my opinion the english is important for cualquier situation for example: business, friendship and so on, I like english very much some day I'd like to travel some country who speaks english and does friends.	In my opinion the english is important for conversing situations for example: business, friendship and so on, I like English very much some day I'd like to travel some country who speaks english and does friends.
whats up	What's up
hi, good morning everybody, I woke up very late today because i went to bed very late yesterday night now I gotta study for my test about geometria im bored :(	Hi, good morning everybody. I woke up very late today because I went to bed very late yesterday night; now I gotta study for my test about geometry. I'm bored :(
hi, good morning everybody, I woke up very late today because i went to bed very late yesterday night now I gotta study for my test about geometria im bored :(	Hi, good morning everybody, I woke up very late today because i went to bed late last night now I have to study for my test about geometry I'm bored :(
One Ordinary Day 01/09/11	One Ordinary Day 01/09/11
Hi everybody!	Hi everybody!
Good evening	Good evening
Today, I got up at 9:00 am, I frequently get up at 10:35 but I woke up early because I was thinking all the night about what to want, my objectives, my problems, my family, etc.	Today, I got up at 9:00 am, I frequently get up at 10:35 but I woke up early because I was thinking all the night about what to want, my objectives, my problems, my family, etc.
Sometimes I don't have head for thinking, I'd like relaxing a little one day where I could forget everything.	Sometimes I don't have head for thinking, I'd like relaxing a little one day where I could forget everything.
Generally, my dad tries to look me up problems.	Generally, my dad tries to find my problems.
I think the life is a garbage.	I think life is garbage.
in my view my life isn't a fairy tale where I am a prince the days sometimes get me down and "por lo general",I'm always alone in a lot of occasions my head thinks about finding an easy solution for everything my problems, I think that you guys will imagine it about what I want to say, moreover, sometimes,I hate that the things don't come out how I want.	In my view my life isn't a fairy tale where I am a prince it gets me down sometimes "generally speaking",I'm always alone and in a lot of these occasions I think about finding an easy solution for all my problems, I think that you guys can guess at what that solution is. Moreover, sometimes I hate that the things don't come out the way I want them to.
I don't know if my life sucks or not but what yo know is that my english is terrible :( :( I'm tired of everybody but it doesn't matter.	I don't know if my life sucks or not but what I know is that my english is terrible :( :( I'm tired of everybody but it doesn't matter.
when I was going in the bus for going to my studios, almost the bus crashes with other bus but happily It didn't occur.	when I was going in the bus to go to my studios, the bus almost crashed with the other bus but luckily it didn't.
when I was going in the bus for going to my studios, almost the bus crashes with other bus but happily It didn't occur.	when I was riding the bus f heading to my studios, the bus almost crashed with another bus but happily It didn't occur.
In the end, I arrived safe my house.	In the end, I arrived safe to my house.
"I'M SORRY EVERYBODY IF MY ENGLISH IS HORRIBLE"	"I'M SORRY EVERYBODY IF MY ENGLISH IS HORRIBLE"
I´m new in Lang-8	I´m new in Lang-8
A few days ago I started to study English by myself.	A few days ago I started to study English by myself.
Well, My English is basic, but I think that I can be understood.	Well, My English is basic, but I think that it can be understood.
Just yesterday my friend Nadhia told me about  Lang-8 so I was curious to see her page, but now I realize that this site as a wonderful learning tool.	yesterday my friend Nadhia told me about Lang-8 so I was curious to see her page, but now I realize that this site is a wonderful learning tool.
This is my first text here, I’m new in Lang -8 I'm really not a good for write in english  but I'll try….	This is my first text here, I’m new in Lang -8 I'm really not good for writing in english but I'll try….
If Anyone can help me correct this short text  I'd be really grateful	If anyone can help me to correct this short text I'd be really grateful
THANKS SO MUCH!!	THANKS SO MUCH!!
A story	A story
One day I went to the park, I don`t have anything else to do.	One day I went to the park, I don`t have anything else to do.
When I was there I bought  a drink and I sit on the pasture, I was watching the sky whith the clouds.	When I was there I bought  a drink and I sit on the pasture, I was watching the sky whith the clouds.
Then I came back to my home.	Then I came back to my home.
finally i've finished miy exams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Finally i've finished my exams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm really exited about it, actually I have been so hard to be free in the summer, that the fact that I've pass all my tests makes me pretty happy.	I'm really excited about it, actually I have been wanting so badly to be free in the summer, and the fact that I've passed all my tests makes me pretty happy.
I have plenty of projects for these four months, like going running, read some books, going on vacation to several places both with my family and friends, carry on learning the guitar,watching tv series, etc.	I have plenty of things to do for the next four months: going running, reading some books, going on vacation to several places with both my family and friends, learning the guitar,watching tv series, etc.
I don't have a job so I can enjoy such a lot of spare time just to do funnny things.	I don't have a job, so I can enjoy my spare time, which I spend doing funny things..
Right now in just a few days I'm going to Punta del Este, Uruguay, with my grandparents, and Im coming back just the day before my english exames, so i don't lose the course and pass to the next level	In just a few days I'm going to Punta del Este, Uruguay, with my grandparents, and I'm coming back the day before my english exam. This way, I don't drop the course and so I move on to the next level
In Punta there's such a beautiful beach and landscapes, it's so inspiring, i love going there.	In Punta, there'sa beautiful beach and landscapes; it's so inspiring... I love going there.
In fact, i have been there like ten times before, to my granpa's flat two blocks from the beach, and i feel it's My place in the world.	In fact, I have been there like ten times before, specifically to my grandpa's flat two blocks from the beach I feel it's my place in the world.
So far it's ok with my article	So far, my article is going well.
thanks the one who corrects this	Thanks the one who corrects this.
why don´t americans seem to notice... 	why don´t americans seem to notice... 
...	...
about all the global issues, particulary the social problems like poverty, famine,difficult access to low-quality education and avoidable diseases, like aids..	all the global issues, particulary the social problems like poverty, famine,difficult access to low-quality education and avoidable diseases, like aids...
i always see them buying all their big, colorful, stuff;  plenty of food, in their huge houses, and their teens driving their own cars.	i always see them buying all their big, colorful, stuff;  plenty of food, in their huge houses, and their teens driving their own cars.
its like the don´t even see all the suffering spread all around the world.	it's like they don´t even see all the suffering spread all around the world.
and now obama comes up with his "big shot" idea of invading afghanistan.	and now obama comes up with his "big shot" idea of invading afghanistan.
it sounds me so elderly and old-fashioned.	it sounds me so elderly and old-fashioned.It sounds so old-fashioned to me.
the black man really brought medown, it had been a big ilussion to me.	the black man really brought me down, it had been a big illussion to me.
-im sorry if you are american and i offend you, but it´s my very own way of thinking-	-i'm sorry if you are american and i offend you, but it´s my very own way of thinking-
Eating more than i should	Eating more than i should
As the title says, since a couple of weeks ago I have been eating more than the proper quantity.	As the title says, since a couple of weeks ago I have been eating more than the proper quantity.
I have two excuses: at first, I had all my exams so I was quite nervous, so I ate more.	I have two excuses: at first, I had all my exams so I was quite nervous, so I ate more.
Then,(which is actually now) after I finished the tests, I am so bored and happy for having passed all my subjects, that I don't look after amount, because I am kind of celebrating.	Then,(which is actually now) after I finished the tests, I am so bored and happy for having passed all my subjects, that I don't look after amount, because I am kind of celebrating.
It is not a real problem because I am not fat and practise sports, but I most moderate the entrys of food for I am not feeling good eating such a great quantit	It is not a real problem because I am not fat and practise sports, but I most moderate the entrys of food for I am not feeling good eating such a great quantity
i MUST start studying right now insted writing this	I MUST start studying right now instead of writing this
well, now im in my room watching the beautiful day outside.	well, now I'm in my room watching the beautiful day outside.
its spring here so the temperature is perfect and the wind is calmed.	its spring here so the temperature is perfect and the wind is calmed.
in a few days i must take an economics exam, which decides if i approve the subject or not -im in high school-	in a few days i must take an economics exam, which decides if i approve the subject or not -im in high school-
im completely sure about no one could imagine how i feel, its a pitty	im completely sure about no one could imagine how i feel, its a pitty
well, i think i cant waste more time writing to you (whoever you are), becosethe consecuences will be terrible	well, i think i cant waste more time writing to you (whoever you are), because the consequences will be disastrous.
hopefully i`ll get a response	hopefully I`ll get a response
sebastian	sebastian
I am listening to some blues	I am listening to some blues
That's it.	That's it.
I'm listening one incredible song right now: Come Rain or Come shine.	I'm listening one incredible song right now: Come Rain or Come shine.
The musicians playing it are two gods of music: B.	The musicians playing it are two gods of music: B.
B.	B.
KING and Eric Clapton.	KING and Eric Clapton.
I love blues, it a kind of music which manages to get into your soul, creating such a whole unenxplicable environment.	I love blues, it a kind of music which manages to get into your soul, creating such a whole unenxplicable environment.
And, obviously,I am not listening to any kind of blues, but a BBKING one.	And, obviously,I am not listening to any kind of blues, but a BBKING one.
I like classic music too, and rock, both international or argentinian.	I like classic music too, and rock, both international or argentinian.
I also think that I like reggae, cumbia, salsa, chacarera and many other riythms, but today's a blues day.	I also think that I like reggae, cumbia, salsa, chacarera and many other riythms, but today's a blues day.
It's sunny and hot in here and everywhere.	It's sunny and hot in here and everywhere.
I've just woken up and there's nobody at home.	I've just woken up and there's nobody at home.
Do you understand why I describe this day as a blues one?	Do you understand why I describe this day as a blues one?
OK, it's enough so far for today.	OK, it's enough so far for today.
Thanks whoever corrects this article	Thanks whoever corrects this article
My Trip	My Trip
In about two weeks I'm starting my trip to Northern Patagonia, in Argentina.	In about two weeks I'm starting my trip to Northern Patagonia, in Argentina.
I'm from that country so there´s no much trouble about commuting and bringing passports.	I'm from that country so there´s no much trouble about commuting and bringing passports.
It's also an advantadge the fact that we have a very devaluated currency (related to US dollar) so It's much more expensive to argentinians to travel abroad than going to other landscapes inside the country.	It's also an advantadge the fact that we have a very devaluated currency (related to US dollar) so It's much more expensive to argentinians to travel abroad than going to other landscapes inside the country.
This trip is special because is the first I do without everything organized and sleeping in rooms.	This trip is special because is the first I do without everything organized and sleeping in rooms.
In this trip we will be camping for around a month and a week with two friends and a guitar.	In this trip we will be camping for around a month and a week with two friends and a guitar.
We are all guitar players so we enjoy quite much travelling and playing music.	We are all guitar players so we enjoy quite much travelling and playing music.
I´m very exited about it.	I´m very exited about it.
I don't know what will i do in fact, but i am bound to have a amazing experience.	I don't know what will i do in fact, but i am bound to have a amazing experience.
hi everyody	Hi everybody
well, this is my first entry and i hope you'll enjoy ir (or at least correct its mitakes)	well, this is my first entry and i hope you'll enjoy it (or at least correct its mistakes)
i from argentina, im 17, and im finishing highschool, im graduating in more or less a month.	I am from Argentina, im 17, and im finishing highschool. I'm graduating in about a month.
next year id like to continue performing my english and to take an english international exame, like toefl or first certificate	Next year I'd like to continue practicing my English and to take an english international exam, like toefl or first certificate.
im looking for a nw career, i think i keen on economics, but at the moment i cant picture my self working at any job.	I'm looking for a new career. i think i'm keen on economics, but at the moment i can't picture my self working at any job.
id like to travel abroad and in my country in the future, which is beautiful and i recomend you to come, but firstly i must get a part time job, kind of a 4-hour one.	I'd like to travel abroad and in my country in the future. Argentina is beautiful and i recommend you to come, but first I must get a part time job.
would you tell me if you know what kind of job is the best to start working on, considerating that i will study and practise sports at the same time'	Coul you tell me what kind of job is the best to start working on, considering that I will study and practice sports at the same time?
well, i think its too much for today, i hope i get anyone's response	Well, I think it's too much for today, hopefully I'll get a response.
bye!	bye!
sebastian	sebastian
are these spanish-translated phrases ok??	are these spanish-translated phrases ok??
1) do you still want to get a present/gift after your behaviour?	1) do you still want to get a present/gift after your behaviour?
2) are you still meant to pass the exam after you haven´t studied at all?	2) are you still meant to pass the exam after you haven´t studied at all?Do you think you will pass the exam after not studying at all?
3) hey you, would you come to sit along?	3) Hey, do you want to sit with me?
4) i can´t stand that teacher, she`s so strict, closed-minded, and unpatient, i amsure she'll quit her job after all across-the-board bad exam results.	4) i can´t stand that teacher, she`s so strict, closed-minded, and impatient, I am sure she'll quit her job after all the across-the-board bad exam results.
5) 	5) 
HOlaa!	HOlaa! Hi!
mi nombre es carla y necesito aprender ingles por que estoy estudiando ingeniería en administración de empresas.	mi nombre es carla y necesito aprender ingles por que estoy estudiando ingeniería en administración de empresas. My name is Carla and I need to learn English because I'm studying engineering in company administration.
mi nombre es carla y necesito aprender ingles por que estoy estudiando ingeniería en administración de empresas.	mi nombre es carla y necesito aprender ingles por que estoy estudiando ingeniería en administración de empresas. Por lo menos en EEUU, se le llama "business administration"
puedo ayudarle en el español a alguien que lo necesite muchas gracias	puedo ayudarle en el español a alguien que lo necesite muchas gracias I can help anyone who needs help with Spanish. Thank you very much!
saludos	saludos
Homeworks¡ -------- Tareas¡	Homeworks¡ -------- Tareas¡
I am sure, doesnt´t matter were ever you are, while you be studing, you will have homework to do.	I am sure, doesnt´t matter were ever you are, while you be studing, you will have homework to do.
This days i had to deal with some physis problems, study a little bit of french and i had to finish 	This days i had to deal with some physis problems, study a little bit of french and i had to finish 
a comic history for liteature class about Popol Vuh (mayan book)	a comic history for liteature class about Popol Vuh (mayan book)
To be honest, is just few i homework that i enjoy to do.	To be honest, is just few i homework that i enjoy to do.
The question is	The question is
How much dou like do homework?	How much dou like do homework?
Estoy seguro que sin importar de donde seas, mientras estes estudiando, tendrás tarea que hacer.	Estoy seguro que sin importar de donde seas, mientras estes estudiando, tendrás tarea que hacer.
En estos días he tenido que lidiar con algubos problemas de física, estudiar un poco de francés	En estos días he tenido que lidiar con algubos problemas de física, estudiar un poco de francés
y tuve terminar una historieta para literatura acerca de el Popol Vuh (libro maya)	y tuve terminar una historieta para literatura acerca de el Popol Vuh (libro maya)
Para ser sincero, es poca la tarea que disfruto hacer.	Para ser sincero, es poca la tarea que disfruto hacer.
La pregunta es 	La pregunta es 
¿Qué tanto les gusta la tarea a ustedes?	¿Qué tanto les gusta la tarea a ustedes?
Let's Star!   Empezemos!	Let's Start!   Empezemos!
This is my first post, and i will start talking about were i live:	This is my first post, and I will start by talking about where I live:
I live in Mexico, DF (mexican capital), 	I live in Mexico, DF (the Mexican capital). 
Mexico is one of the latinamerican countries, and for that reason we speak spanish, i don't want to look like a comercial, but i have to mention that mexico has beutiful beaches and amazing views in many places; about the people, i'm sure that like in many other place, you can find kind and not so kind people.	Mexico is one of the Latin American countries, and for that reason we speak Spanish, and I don't want to look like a commercial, but I have to mention that Mexico has beautiful beaches and amazing views in many places. About the people, I'm sure that like in many other places, you can find kind and not so kind people.
I would like to learn about many countries and cultures, so What do you tell me about your own country?	I would like to learn about many countries and cultures, so why don't you tell me about your own country?
Acerca del idima  ---  What about language	Acerca del idima  ---  About language
A language is the integration of sounds that represent the idea that evreones have about a concept, it can be a thing or an accion	Language is the integration of sounds that represent the idea that everyone has about a concept; it can be a thing or an action.
A language is the integration of sounds that represent the idea that evreones have about a concept, it can be a thing or an accion	A language is an integration of sounds that represent an idea about a concept. It can be a thing or an action.
We alwas study a language, we are used to think in each word we say or we think, aren´t we?	Whenever we study a language, we are used to thinking in the translation of each word we say or think, aren't we?
We alwas study a language, we are used to think in each word we say or we think, aren´t we?	Whenever we study a language, we are used to translating directly all or each word we say or think, aren´t we?
I heard one time that learning a language is not translate what we eould say, it is to know wich sentence represents the idea we want to say.	I heard one time that learning a language is not to translate what we would say, it is to know which sentence represents the idea that we want to say.
I heard one time that learning a language is not translate what we eould say, it is to know wich sentence represents the idea we want to say.	I once heard that learning a language is not a case of translating what we want to say, it is more a question of knowing which sentence represents the idea we wish to convey. 
What do you think?	What do you think?
Pensamiento -----  Thinking	Pensamiento ----- A thought
Todos tenemos una cultura, un idioma y varias cosas que consideramos cotidianas , estos aspectos son dados por el lugar donde vivimos, particularmente nuestro país.	Todos tenemos una cultura, un idioma y varias cosas que consideramos cotidianas , estos aspectos son dados por el lugar donde vivimos, particularmente nuestro país.
En mi caso el oir mencionar un país genera en mi cabeza un aspecto particular de este.	En mi caso el oir mencionar un país genera en mi cabeza un aspecto particular de este.
El escuchar Estados Unidos se me ocurren características de un país poderoso y escenas de gente de muchas nacionalidades	Al escuchar Estados Unidos se me ocurren características de un país poderoso y escenas de gente de muchas nacionalidades
Cuando pienso en China, me imagino la gran muralla china y los conocidos rasgos orientales.	Cuando pienso en China, me imagino la gran muralla china y los conocidos rasgos orientales.
¿Que piensan ustedes cuando hablan de un país?	¿Que piensan ustedes cuando hablan de un país?
All of us have a culture, a language and many things we think are comun, this facts are given by the place we live, particulary the country	All of us have a culture, a language and many things we think are common, these facts are given by the place we live, particularly the country
In my case when i hear someone talk about a country my head generates a particular aspect of this.	In my case when i hear someone talk about a country my head generates a particular aspect of this.
Hear about United States ocurres to me caracteristics about a powerful country and scenes of people of a lot of nationalities	Hearing about the United States many characteristics occur to me about a powerful country and scenes of people of many nationalities
When i think in China, i imagine the grat wall and the popular oriental appearance	When I think of China, I imagine the great wall and the popular oriental appearance
What do you think when you talk about a country?	What do you think when you talk about a country?
APRENDER INGLES	APRENDER INGLES
HOLA QUIERO APRENDER A HABLAR INGLES Y PIENSO QUE USTEDES ME PUEDEN AYUDAR	HOLA QUIERO APRENDER A HABLAR INGLES Y PIENSO QUE USTEDES ME PUEDEN AYUDAR
Trials help us to overcome	Trials Help Us Overcome Adversity
In my opinion, the trials is always in our life but is very importand learn to overcome and deal.	In my opinion, trials are always a part of our lives, but it is very important to learn to overcome and deal with them.
First, a lot of people has many problems in their life.	A lot of people have many problems in their lives.
For example, if you have a litle problem in your work or in your family you have to find the solution but if you can´t do it alone, perhaps you could talk to someone like your friend or family member to help you find a solution or give you some good advice.	For example, if you have a litle problem at work or with your family, you have to find the solution, but can´t always do so alone. Perhaps you could talk to a friend or family member to help you find a solution or give you some good advice.
Second,This life is very important to overcome the evidence day by day get in our way helps us overcome them grow and mature as people.	In life is very important to overcome any problems that get in our way every day. This helps us grow and mature as people.
For example,If you want to be someone in life you have to go through many obstacles whether personally and in terms of work, if we are to succeed in your life have to be much effort in the end all sacrifice has its rewards.	For example, if you want to be someone in life, you have to go through many obstacles whether personal and at work. If we are to succeed in life, we have to put in a lot of effort. In the end, all sacrifice has its rewards.
The most important reason is,Die bewyse wat ons in die verlede gehad het en ons help om nie foute in ons lewens te oorkom.	Finally, the most important reason that trials improve ourselves is, Die bewyse wat ons in die verlede gehad het en ons help om nie foute in ons lewens te oorkom. ???
In addition,not what we are if we did not learn of our own problems.	In addition,not what we are if we did not learn of our own problems.
how can I write better every day	how can I write better every day
My propose on this Website is to have a lot of friends that tell me how write much better every day, so I will try to write some things in english every day.	My propose on this Website is to have a lot of friends that tell me how write much better every day, so I will try to write some things in english every day.
Thanks a lot for every body	Thanks a lot for every body
Meditation	Meditation
I've been reading several articles that state that mindfullness meditation is effective for the treatment of several emotional disorders, such as OCD, PTSD, depression or stress in general.	I've been reading several articles that state that mindfullness meditation is effective for the treatment of several emotional disorders, such as OCD, PTSD, depression, and stress in general.
I've tried it but it hasn't seem to work for me.	I've tried it but it hasn't seemed to have worked for me.
I don't know if it is because I haven't been following the instruccions as well as I should have.	I don't know if it's because I haven't been following the instructions as well as I should have.
Sometimes I think I'll never get the hang of it.	Sometimes I think I'll never get the hang of it.
It's so simple and hard at the same time.	It's so simple and so hard at the same time.
This kind of meditation is about attending to the present moment as often and as much as we can.	This kind of meditation is about attending to the present moment as often and as much as we can.
The thing is it is so easy to be lost in the thoughts our mind creates and so difficult to stick to the discipline of paying attention to our present moment.	The thing is, it's so easy to be lost in the thoughts our mind creates and so difficult to stick to the discipline of paying attention to our present moment.
The Girl with the dragon tattoo	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Some time ago a friend of mine gave me a novel called "The girl with the dragon tattoo".	Some time ago a friend of mine gave me a novel called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
She said she loved this book.	She said she loved this book.
I started reading it, but found the first 40 or 50 pages to be a little boring, but decided to stick with it anyway.	I found the first 40 or 50 pages to be a little boring, but I decided to stick with it anyway.
Later I heard that it had been made into a movie, wich I got, but haven't seen yet.	Later I heard that it had been made into a movie. I got it, but I haven't seen yet.
I am still reading the book, at a slow pace, though, because it's a little hard to understand some things in it, so I have to underline certain words and phrases and look them up at a later.	I am still reading it at a slow pace. It's hard for me to understand some things in it, so I have to underline certain words and phrases and look them up later.
But I am really enjoying it.	But I am really enjoying it.
I hope I can finish it soon and then watch the movie.	I hope I can finish it soon and then watch the movie.
It will help me to more fully understand the plot of the novel.	It will help me to more fully understand the plot of the novel.
My house	My house
I live in Santiago de Chile, in a small town at the outside of the city.	I live in Santiago de Chile, in a small town on the outskirts of the city.
My house has two floors.	My house has two floors.
In the first floor i have a kitchen, a living room, and a dining room.	In the first floor I have a kitchen, a living room and a dining room.
In the first floor i have a kitchen, a living room, and a dining room.	On the first floor I have a kitchen, a living room, and a dining room.
At the second floor i have my room and two rooms more for my family.	At the second floor there are my room and two rooms more for my family.
At the second floor i have my room and two rooms more for my family.	On the second floor I have my room and two more rooms for my family.
The walls of my house are yellow, and the ceiling is white in all the house.	The walls of my house are yellow, and the ceiling is white throughout the house.
Hi xD	Hi xD
my day was way i estube in el chat y i sorry a girl go uas ago was	my day was way i estube in el chat y i sorry a girl go uas ago was
Hola	Hola
Amm como ben soy nuevo en esto y pues me uni porque quiero aprender un poco de ingles 	Amm como ben soy nuevo en esto y pues me uni porque quiero aprender un poco de ingles 
Hi	Hi
amm I nub in pag is nub plis help iam	I'm new on this website. Please help me.
:D	:D
I fron colombia 	I fron colombia 
I consos the hel ago as	I consos the hel ago as
Help in a letter	Help in a letter
Regards,	Regards,
My name is Chavo, I am an undergraduate student of physics at the Universidad de Mexico, I am currently finishing my career in physics which is focused in the area of quantum mechanics.	My name is Chavo, I am an undergraduate student of physics at the Universidad de Mexico, I am currently finishing my career in physics which is focused in the area of quantum mechanics.
I would like to begin my master studies in the next year and your research group has interested me much.	I would like to begin my master studies in the next year and your research group has interested me much.
So I wish to know if I can work with you and what are the requirements.	So I wish to know if I can work with you and what are the requirements.
Thank you very much for your attention.	Thank you very much for your attention.
Happy day.	Happy day.
Hello everyone! First entry in Lang-8	Hello everyone! First entry in Lang-8
Hi there!	Hi there!
My name is Esteban and I'm writing here for the very first time...	My name is Esteban and I'm writing here for the very first time...
I was dragged here by Tofugu this certain guy who vloggs and gives away resources to those who are self-teaching themselves Japanese online.	I was dragged here by Tofugu, this certain guy who vloggs and gives away resources to those who are teaching themselves Japanese online.
Textfugu, is his website.	Textfugu is his website.
Good that I knew him so I can give it a try to this Lang-8 thing.	It's good that I met him, so I can try out this Lang-8 thing.
I am also fond of Japan and Korea but at the time I am not studying these languages although I expect to start studying them soon.	I am also fond of Japan and Korea, but I am not studying these languages right now, although I expect to start studying them soon.
In the mean time I'll write over here to perfect my English.	In the meantime, I'll write over here to perfect my English.
Actually "perfect" is a word too heavy to carry around.	Actually "perfect" is a bit of a stretch.
I'll say then that I want to learn more and more!	I'll say then that I just want to learn more and more!
:D 	:D 
It's been aproximately 4 years since I formally started studying English but I almost never have the chance to be corrected when I practice either because my friends are too kind to me or because I don't usually write letters or any document in English or beacause I am not understood.	It's been approximately 4 years since I formally started studying English, but I almost never have the chance to be corrected when I practice, either because my friends are too kind to me or because I don't usually write letters or any documents in English or because I am not understood.
:(	:(
I want to write over here every now and then and become more confident in my writing.	I want to write over here every now and then and become more confident in my writing.
Also I really enjoy practicing and sharing stuff in this my second language.	Also, I really enjoy practicing and sharing stuff in this language, my second one.
I look forward to being corrected and to have my most common mistakes pointed out.	I look forward to being corrected and to having my most common mistakes pointed out.
I think I can take that as long as you don't go too hard on me.	I think I can take that as long as you don't go too hard on me.
I thank you all in advance and I hope to know more about you over here.	I thank you all in advance and I hope to know more about you over here.
I am at your disposition if you ever need a native Spanish speaker.	I am at your service if you ever need a native Spanish speaker.
I'm from Mexico BTW but since I study literature (esp.	I'm from Mexico, BTW, but since I study literature, (esp.
playwriting) I think I can be very useful if ever required by you no matter which spanish you are learning.	playwriting) I think I can be very useful if you ever need me, no matter which kind of Spanish you are learning.
My spelling is one little problem I have and that is one thing I believe is important for me to be advised in.	My spelling is one small problem I have and that is one thing I believe is important for me to get help in.
Since I've been learning from teachers who thaught both American and British English the outcome of my writing might be a strange strange mixture them.	Since I've been learning from teachers who taught both American and British English, my writing might be a strange mixture of them.
I want to be consistent with BrE since the last two years I've been learning under a British-like system, but well, that's too much to say in a firts entry.	I want to be consistent with BrE since I've been learning under a British-like system for the last two years, but well, that's too much to say in a first entry.
I know it might be difficult to explain to me every error y might do...	I know it might be difficult to explain to me every error I might make...
so I thank you again if you can comment me.	so I thank you again if you can give me feedback.
Oh boy am I nervous!!	Oh boy am I nervous!!
O_O	O_O
:)	:)
Thanks a bunch!	Thanks a bunch!
Esteban	Esteban
Non-Gypsy girl text 1	Non-Gypsy girl text 1
I am freaking tired of people writing about their personal lives on the Internet.	I am freaking tired of people writing about their personal lives on the Internet.
Aren't you?	Aren't you?
One of the sweetest dreams I ever had.	One of the sweetest dreams I ever had.
The dream begins when I was coming back from Bariloche (an excellent place for tourism), and it seemed that a big company of games development took over the world.	The dream begins when I was coming back from Bariloche (an excellent place for tourism), and it seemed that a big company of games development took over the world.
They assigned the level -1 to every person.	They assigned the level -1 to every person.
To be level 0 (in order to start to “play”), you should touch someone, whoever, only touch him/her...	To be level 0 (in order to start to “play”), you should touch someone, whoever, only touch him/her...
and I don’t know why the hell I wanted to be the only “normal” person, i.	and I don’t know why the hell I wanted to be the only “normal” person, i.
e.	e.
keep my level in -1.	keep my level in -1.
And don’t ask me why, but when people saw me they began to haunt me, just like a zombie game (check out Left 4 Dead for further information).	And don’t ask me why, but when people saw me they began to haunt me, just like a zombie game (check out Left 4 Dead for further information).
I also remember reading the web news via PC and SMS.	I also remember reading the web news via PC and SMS.
OK.	OK.
I was on the streets and started to run.	I was on the streets and started to run.
I went to my school, where I started to hit anyone who wanted to touch me, and I also remember killing some friends, more than once, and strangely they’re all always playing CS, so I could deduce they were respawning.	I went to my school, where I started to hit anyone who wanted to touch me, and I also remember killing some friends, more than once, and strangely they’re all always playing CS, so I could deduce they were respawning.
After that I went to the kindergarten zone, where I hid under a bed.	After that I went to the kindergarten zone, where I hid under a bed.
At that point, also the “president” of this “enterprise” were looking for me, because it seemed that I was the last person with the -1 level.	At that point, also the “president” of this “enterprise” were looking for me, because it seemed that I was the last person with the -1 level.
Then, a girl that I barely know, deduced that I was under the bed (this was simplified, she actually said something like “well, the guitar is above de wardrobe, and they always ‘save’ the bass under the bed so he should be there”).	Then, a girl that I barely know, deduced that I was under the bed (this was simplified, she actually said something like “well, the guitar is above de wardrobe, and they always ‘save’ the bass under the bed so he should be there”).
Then I got up and I started laughing (like Light Yagami when the detectives team discover he’s Kira), and I said, it’s true, that’s me.	Then I got up and I started laughing (like Light Yagami when the detectives team discover he’s Kira), and I said, it’s true, that’s me.
The president didn’t believe in my words so I started to run again.	The president didn’t believe in my words so I started to run again.
When I got out the school I entered into a dark forest, pretty simmilar to the Forbidden Forest).	When I got out the school I entered into a dark forest, pretty simmilar to the Forbidden Forest).
I kept running and I entered to my grandma’s house, where –I don’t know why- I needed to jump a wall like a ninja, and the neighbors were waiting me in the other side, and hell, I started to run again.	I kept running and I entered to my grandma’s house, where –I don’t know why- I needed to jump a wall like a ninja, and the neighbors were waiting me in the other side, and hell, I started to run again.
I appeared in a known avenue, I kept running for a few blocks and I saw my mom calling me from far away.	I appeared in a known avenue, I kept running for a few blocks and I saw my mom calling me from far away.
When I approached she told me that a neighbor died or something, I didn’t pay much attention, but I greeted her, so hello, level 0.	When I approached she told me that a neighbor died or something, I didn’t pay much attention, but I greeted her, so hello, level 0.
After that, via SMS, they advised me that I should destroy a building (or a castle) with a single kick in order to be level 1.	After that, via SMS, they advised me that I should destroy a building (or a castle) with a single kick in order to be level 1.
I don’t know how I made it and from now on I didn’t remember so much, only that when I became level 2, I grow up a lot (actually I was a gigant in my opinion), and I also remember that a gigant armor (pretty simmilar to the Saint Seiya’s Gold Armors) fell directly to my body, and I heard a guy that was on my left asking “what’s this shit?”, and when I saw him he was dressed like a Digimon.	I don’t know how I made it and from now on I didn’t remember so much, only that when I became level 2, I grow up a lot (actually I was a gigant in my opinion), and I also remember that a gigant armor (pretty simmilar to the Saint Seiya’s Gold Armors) fell directly to my body, and I heard a guy that was on my left asking “what’s this shit?”, and when I saw him he was dressed like a Digimon.
Letter	Letter
Dear Hector,	Dear Hector,
I am writing to give my excuses to not be able to attend to the theater with you next Saturday.	I am writing to give my excuses to not be able to attend to the theater with you next Saturday.
Really, I would like to share this show with you but I have had a working problem and we cannot go for this reason.	Really, I would like to share this show with you but I have had a working problem and we cannot go for this reason.
Yesterday, my boss called me to explain that we need to assist to a meeting in New York because the company is in a bad economic situation and for this reason; our management need our help in order to reach a good planning for next year.	Yesterday, my boss called me to explain that we need to assist to a meeting in New York because the company is in a bad economic situation and for this reason; our management need our help in order to reach a good planning for next year.
This meeting is very important and I am not able to postpone it.	This meeting is very important and I am not able to postpone it.
I am sorry, I apologize for this situation and if you want to invite someone, please, you do it, you don't mind about the cost of the ticket that I will pay it anyway.	I am sorry, I apologize for this situation and if you want to invite someone, please, you do it, you don't mind about the cost of the ticket that I will pay it anyway.
I beg your understanding and forgiveness.	I beg your understanding and forgiveness.
I will invite you when I come back.	I will invite you when I come back.
Best Regards,	Best Regards,
Javier	Javier
How I Learn a new language	How I Learn a New Language
For me the first thing that I do is get familiar, listening music and subscribing to something that will be interesting for me, for example YouTube channels, news, Facebook, Twitter, etc.	For me, the first thing that I do is get familiar with it by listening to music and subscribing to something that will be interesting for me. Some examples include YouTube channels, news, Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Later when I feel more comfortable with the language, I setup my web browser, my email, Facebook, etc.	Later, when I feel more comfortable with the language, I set up my web browser, my email, Facebook, etc.
with the new language and start to write little comments.	with the new language and start to write little comments.
Later I try to read, if I need a lot of the dictionary then I prefer to wait try again in couple months and when I feel prepared to read I start to write too.	After that, I try to read. If I need the dictionary a lot, then I prefer to wait and try again in a couple of months. When I feel prepared to read I also start to write.
For me is really helpful the films or conferences with subtitles as ted.	For me, the films or conferences with subtitles, such as ted.
com	com, are really helpful.
Finally the major difficult for me is to talk, because isn't easy to find a person with the patience and the time to listen or correct to you (I listen that the better form is to have a girlfriend or boyfriend ;) ) and when you start to talk, you have to be courageous and sometimes learn to laugh about our own mistakes :)	Finally, the most difficult thing for me is to talk. This is because it isn't easy to find a person with the patience and the time to listen and correct you (I think that the best way is to have a girlfriend or boyfriend ;) ). When you start to talk, you have to be courageous and sometimes learn to laugh about your own mistakes :)
My first text	My first text
Well, As I put in the title, this is my first text here, what can I say?, just I hope that I can help somebody with their Spanish and somebody can help me with my english and japanese.	Well, as I put in the title, this is my first text here, what can I say? just I hope that I can help somebody with their Spanish and somebody can help me with my English and Japanese.
By the moment I hope the best for all of you in this 2011.	By the way, I hope the best for all of you in 2011.
By the moment I hope the best for all of you in this 2011.	At the moment I hope the best for all of you in 2011.
Bye	Bye
About my future	About my future
Hello all, well a new friend just told me about this site and I want to try it.Hello all, well a new friend just told me about this site and I want to try it.	Hello everyone, well, a new friend just told me about this site and I wanted to try it. 
I study communications here in México, but after I graduate from college i want to get a master in translating and interpreting?	I study communications here in Mexico, but after I graduate from college I want to get a masters in translating and interpreting
because I like to be talking English, of course that I would like to learn more languages like italian or french but wellI think I should learn English prefectly first.	because I like to speak English. Of course I would like to learn more languages like Italian or French, but I think I should learn English perfectly first.
I would like to work in United States or maybe Canada, I love my country but honestly you dont have a lot of opportunities to to improve and get a good job even if you are good, it is really hard.	I would like to work in United States or maybe Canada.I love my country but, honestly, you don't have a lot of opportunities to improve and get a good job even if you are good. It is really hard.
Ok for today it is enough, any question I will  be here :) Have a nice weekend!	That's enough for today. If you have any questions I will be here. Have a nice weekend.
Saturday	Saturday
Well today is saturday and I have a lot of homework to do, but like always I leave it for the end of the day.	Well today is saturday and I have a lot of homework to do, but like always I leave it for the end of the day. Well, today is Saturday and I have a lot of homework to do; but I always leave it for the end of the day.
I always go to English classes saturdays at 3 pm until 6 pm  so I did that, and also in the morning I went to pole dance class, that I do  to lose weight and gain strenght, it is a fun activity too.	I always go to English classes Saturday's at 3 pm until 6 pm  so I did that, and also in the morning I went to a pole dancing class, I do that to lose weight and gain strength, and it is a fun activity too. 
So yeah I will start my homework right now, hopefully I can be done today and relax tomorrow.	So yeah I will start my homework right now, hopefully I can be done today and relax tomorrow.
Intercambio conversación español - inglés      Conversation Exchange English - Spanish	Intercambio conversación español - inglés      Conversation Exchange English - Spanish
Hi, I´m Spanish and I would like to find people to speak English by Skype.	Hi, I´m Spanish and I would like to find people to speak English by Skype.
I can help you with your Spanish.	I can help you with your Spanish.
Dear Bill:	Dear Bill:
Dear Bill:	Dear Bill:
Always is a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place of the world, specialy about towns I know.	Always is a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place in the world, specially about towns I know.
Always is a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place of the world, specialy about towns I know.	It's always a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place of the world, especially about towns I know.
Budapest is a great city and you described it perfectly.	Budapest is a great city and you described it perfectly.
I liked how you tell your experience in the turkish baths.	I liked how you tell of your experience in the Turkish baths.
I liked how you tell your experience in the turkish baths.	I liked your description of your experience in the Turkish baths.
Thermal baths are a essential visit in Budapest.	Thermal baths are an essential visit in Budapest.
Thermal baths are a essential visit in Budapest.	Thermal baths are a essential part of a visit to Budapest.
Unfortanely I have found some mistakes in the information about parking in the city center.	Unfortunately I have found some mistakes in the information about parking in the city center.
No is imposible to park there because all the zone is pedestrian since one year	Now it is impossible to park there because was made pedestrian a year ago.
Also the Museum of Natural History is close, due to some vandals broke some skeletons lasta week.	Also the Museum of Natural History is closed, due to some vandals who broke some skeletons last week.
Finally you can include some suggestions about night life.	Finally, you can include some suggestions about night life.
Magiar Disco is a new place where every night you can enjoy and dance with the best european dj`s.	Magiar Disco is a new place where every night you can enjoy dancing with the best European DJ`s.
Magiar Disco is a new place where every night you can enjoy and dance with the best european dj`s.	Magiar Disco is a new place where you can enjoy and dance to the best European DJ`s.
I wish you a lot of luck in this adventure.	I wish you a lot of luck in this adventure.
Grettings.	Greetings,
Fernando.	Fernando.
Transport in my village	Transport in my village
I live in small village 40 km far from a large city.	I live in small village 40 kilometres from a large city.
The only option to get there is by road, because there is neither airport nor harbour, in fact the closest is 300 km far.	The only option to get there is by road, because there is neither an airport nor a harbour, in fact the closest airport/harbour is 300 km away.
Actually we have highspeedtrain.	Actually we have a high-speed train.
Every day we see beutiful, modern and fast trains travelling throught the village.	Every day we see beautiful, modern and fast trains passing through the village.
The minister of transport promised us to build a trainstation.	The Minister of Transport promised us to build a train station. Titles like these need to be capitalised.
Yes, he did, but five years later trains still dont stop at the station.	Yes, he did, but five years later trains still don't stop at the station.
The construction of raillway destroyed a large area of forest.	Also, the construction of railway track destroyed a large area of forest.
transport in my village 2	transport in my village 2
Of course, we know that is imposible the train stops every where but we would like that politicians don´t lie to us.	Of course, we know that it is impossible that the train stops everywhere but we would like that politicians don´t lie to us. Slightly better would be 'we would prefer for the politicians not to lie to us'
So if we want to go to the city, we must to take the bus wich stops every two hours.	So if we want to go to the city, we must take the bus which stops every two hours.
If there is room you are not going to have any problem.	If there is room you are not going to have any problem.
My village is small so you don´t need public trasport.	My village is small so you don´t need public transport.
Going from one part of the city to another one takes 20 minutes walking.	Going from one part of the city to another takes 20 minutes by foot.
Althought most of my neighbours like using the car to buy cigarretes.	Although most of my neighbours like using the car to buy cigarettes.
El Regreso | The return	El Regreso | The return
Una canción de la banda Warcry.	Una canción de la banda Warcry.
A song of the band Warcry.	A song of the band Warcry.
Inundado en alcohol.	Inundado en alcohol.
¿qué vió ella en tí...?	¿qué vió ella en tí...?
Cuentame qué te pasó, quién te hizo así...	Cuentame qué te pasó, quién te hizo así...
Arrancaste mi niñez con el miedo y el dolor;	Arrancaste mi niñez con el miedo y el dolor;
convertiste nuestro hogar en el mismo infierno.	convertiste nuestro hogar en el mismo infierno.
Sinked in alcohol, what did she see in you ?	Sinked in alcohol, what did she see in you ?
Tell me what happened to you, who made you like this ?	Tell me what happened to you, who made you like this ?
You took my childness with the fear and the pain.	You took my childness with the fear and the pain.
You turned our home into hell itself.	You turned our home into hell itself.
Mientes tanto que no creo tu llanto...	Mientes tanto que no creo tu llanto...
Hoy he vuelto sólo a por tí...	Hoy he vuelto sólo a por tí...
You lie so much, i don't believe your cry	You lie so much, i don't believe your cry
Today i've come only for you (esto no me suena a "a por ti", cómo sería lo correcto ?)	Today i've come only for you (esto no me suena a "a por ti", cómo sería lo correcto ?)
Look at me well, you'll contemplate someone	Look at me well, you'll contemplate someone
you've never seen.	you've never seen.
A cub yesterday, now I am a lion;	A cub yesterday, now I am a lion;
Now I make the rules.	Now I make the rules.
You made me run..	You made me run..
she stayed.	she stayed.
I know all what happened, she wrote me...	I know all what happened, she wrote me...
She sent to me her savings, those you asked for.	She sent to me her savings, those you asked for.
I dreamt with returning, sending you to hell.	I dreamt with returning, sending you to hell.
i love till the end	i love till the end
i love till the end, is the song is  beautiful song is the  soundtrack the p.	"I love till the end" is a beautiful song. It's a soundtrack.
s i love is a wontherfull move.	It's also a wonderful movie.
Help me XDDD!!	Help me XDDD!!
1.	1.
London is the capital city of the U.	London is the capital city of the U.
K.	K.
2.	2.
That is a supermarket near my house.	There is a supermarket near my house.
3.	3.
The Prime Minister lives in Downing Street.	The Prime Minister lives in Downing Street.
4.	4.
Bob  is 70 years old.	Bob  is 70 years old.
5.	5.
I felt very angry when I lost my keys.	I felt very angry when I lost my keys.
6.	6.
“Where’s Jane?” “She's not in.	“Where’s Jane?” “She's not in.
She is working at the moment.” 	She is working at the moment.” 
7.	7.
On my birthday I got lots of presents	On my birthday I got lots of presents
8.	8.
“What are you doing at the weekend?” I am meeting my friend for lunch.”	“What are you doing at the weekend?” I am meeting my friend for lunch.”
9.	9.
The student  Knew the answer, but did not say anything	The student  Knew the answer, but did not say anything
10.	10.
She doesn't like her English class.	She doesn't like her English class.
Her teacher's really boring 	Her teacher's really boring 
11.	11.
I Studied for 2 years at Rose of York.	I Studied for 2 years at Rose of York.
It was great fun!	It was great fun!
12.	12.
Betty woke up early and had a shower	Betty woke up early and had a shower
13.	13.
I went to Australia in 1990	I went to Australia in 1990
14.	14.
My dad is from Italy, although I had never been  to Italy	My dad is from Italy, although I had never been  to Italy
15.	15.
I felt quite weak after walking to the top of the mountain	I felt quite weak after walking to the top of the mountain
16.	16.
You're covered in paint.	You're covered in paint.
What have you been doing?	What have you been doing?
17.	17.
“It’s Jack’s birthday tomorrow.”  “Is it?	“It’s Jack’s birthday tomorrow?.” “is'nt it?
I didn’t know.	I didn’t know.
I’ll send  him a birthday card.”	I’ll send  him a birthday card.”
18.	18.
I got 20% off these shoes in the January  sales	I got 20% off these shoes in the January  sales
19.	19.
By the end of this year my neighbours  will be being married for 25 years	By the end of this year my neighbours will be married for 25 years
20.	20.
She had trouble sleeping so the doctor prescribed some sleeping pills for her 	She had trouble sleeping so the doctor prescribed some sleeping pills for her 
21.	21.
My living room is being redecorated at the moment	My living room is being redecorated at the moment
22.	22.
I got   at the cinema 10 minutes late.	I got to the cinema 10 minutes late.
My friends were very angry	My friends were very angry
23.	23.
As soon as I closed my door, I realised that I   had left  my keys inside	As soon as I closed my door, I realised that I   had left  my keys inside
24.	24.
If I had studied harder at school, I would failed all my exams.	If I had studied harder at school, I would not failed all my exams.
25.	25.
I am late for class, am not I?	I am late for class, am I not ?
26.	26.
My sister doesn’t live in the centre of London.	My sister doesn’t live in the centre of London.
She lives on the edge	She lives on the edge
27.	27.
It was Jill’s birthday so I bought her a present	It was Jill’s birthday so I bought her a present
28.	28.
I offered her a taxi  to the station, but she said she’d prefer to walk.	I offered her a taxi  to the station, but she said she’d prefer to walk.
29.	29.
Although it was late, I decided to phone Brian.	Although it was late, I decided to phone Brian.
30.	30.
He was such a lazy worker that he lost his job.	He was such a lazy worker that he lost his job.
firs entry	firs entry
Hi THIS IS MI FIRST ENTRY IN THAT WEB, I'am a studiant of english, in spain we have a bad sistem to learn idioms, not is like anothers countrys  of european union, in that countrys you whit 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 idioms, but in spain you can't talk very well in english and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in french...	Hi. THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY IN THE WEB. I am a student of English. In Spain we have a bad system of learning idioms, unlike like other countries of the European union. In those countries you can have a normal conversation with 3 or 4 idioms, but in Spain you can't talk very well in english and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in French...
Hi THIS IS MI FIRST ENTRY IN THAT WEB, I'am a studiant of english, in spain we have a bad sistem to learn idioms, not is like anothers countrys  of european union, in that countrys you whit 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 idioms, but in spain you can't talk very well in english and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in french...	Hi, THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY ON THE WEB. I'm a student of English. In Spain we have a bad system to learn languages. It is not like countries in the European Enion. In those countries when you hit 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 languages, but in Spain you can't speak very well in English and you can only say the numbers 1-10 in French...
Hi THIS IS MI FIRST ENTRY IN THAT WEB, I'am a studiant of english, in spain we have a bad sistem to learn idioms, not is like anothers countrys  of european union, in that countrys you whit 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 idioms, but in spain you can't talk very well in english and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in french...	Hi THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY ON THE WEB, I'm a student of English. In Spain we have a bad system to learn languages. It's not like the other countries in the European Union, in those countries when you are 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 idioms, but in Spain you can't talk very well in English and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in French...
so for that  i'm here,..	so since I'm here,..
hahaha  i should learn the most english posible.	hahaha  i should learn the most english as possible.
hahaha  i should learn the most english posible.	hahaha, I should learn as much English as I possibly can.
hahaha  i should learn the most english posible.	hahaha  I should learn as much English as possible.
sentences 2 HELP!!!	sentences 2 HELP!!!
31.	31.
The 1st of May is a general holiday in Great Britain.	The 1st of May is a bank holiday in Great Britain. I presume it is called this because the banks are closed.
32.	32.
Are you interested  in modern art?	Are you interested  in modern art?
33.	33.
He blamed the broken window by the children	He blamed the broken window on the children
He blamed the broken window by the children	He blamed the broken window on the children.
34.	34.
Tony drives a big Mercedes Benz.	Tony drives a big Mercedes Benz.
He must be loaded	He must be loaded
35.	35.
They had a really big  row and two weeks later they broke up	They had a really big fight and two weeks later they broke up. 
36.	36.
It’s no use  trying to learn a language just by studying a dictionary	It’s no use  trying to learn a language just by studying a dictionary
37.	37.
I couldn’t concentrate.	I couldn’t concentrate.
The music  put me up	The music puts me off
The music  put me up	The music put me up
38.	38.
Betty was a very disobedient  pupil when she was at school.	Betty was a very disobedient  pupil when she was at school.
39.	39.
I am completely   dissatisfied   with your work.	I'm completely dissatisfied with your work.
40.	40.
I haven’t  made any plans for the holidays yet.	I haven’t  made any plans for the holidays yet.
Do you have any suggestions?	Do you have any suggestions?
41.	41.
Each year, on the 5th of November the British  traditionally start off fireworks.	Each year, on the 5th of November the British  traditionally start off fireworks.
42.	42.
The music from the loudspeakers was relatively deafening	The music from the loudspeakers was relatively deafening
43.	43.
Don’t tell Mary about the surprise party.	Don’t tell Mary about the surprise party.
She’s a terrible gossip	She’s a terrible gossip
44.	44.
If you ask me, it’s a/an really waste of time.	If you ask me, it’s a waste of time.
If you ask me, it’s a/an really waste of time.	If you ask me, it’s really a waste of time.
45.	45.
Whatever  do you think you are doing?	What do you think you are doing?
Whatever  do you think you are doing?	What do you think you are doing?
Stop that at once!	Stop that at once!
46.	46.
Sorry I forgot about your birthday.	Sorry I forgot about your birthday.
It completely slipped my mind 	It completely slipped my mind 
47.	47.
You can have something to eat after the lesson	You can have something to eat after the lesson
48.	48.
There was nothing they could unless leave the car at the roadside where it had broken down	There was nothing they could unless they leave the car at the roadside where it had broken down
There was nothing they could unless leave the car at the roadside where it had broken down	There was nothing they could but leave the car at the roadside where it had broken down
49.	49.
After I lost my job, we found it very difficult to tie up ends 	After I lost my job, we found it very difficult to tie up loose ends 
After I lost my job, we found it very difficult to tie up ends 	After I lost my job, we found it very difficult to make ends meet.
50.	50.
Do you know the main characteristics of your zodiac sign?	Do you know the main characteristics of your zodiac sign?
So maybe another way to learn Japanese could be to go to Brazil, to San 	So maybe another way to learn Japanese could be to go to Brazil, to San 
Today I tried to change a bit the topic.	Today I tried to change a bit the topic.
This numbers 	This numbers 
are taken from wikipedia, but I`ve seen a web page that say that there are 	are taken from wikipedia, but I`ve seen a web page that say that there are 
near to a million Japanese in Brazil, that is very nice.	near to a million Japanese in Brazil, that is very nice.
I cannot post , please help	I cannot post , please help
I cannot post my jornals, please help me out	I cannot post my jornals, please help me out
Every time I try to post it says not macht found	Every time I try to post it says not macht found
This is another article that I am witting, is a bit difficult to write, 	This is another article that I am witting, is a bit difficult to write, 
but I do what I can.	but I do what I can.
how can I say when I meet a girl I get happy.	how can I say when I meet a girl I get happy.
That 	That 
is it for Today.	is it for Today.
Thanks everybody.	Thanks everybody.
By the way if anybody needs help with Spanish, since is my native language, 	By the way if anybody needs help with Spanish, since is my native language, 
please let me know.	please let me know.
Javier	Javier
japanese practice book, minna no nihongo	japanese practice book, minna no nihongo
Hello 	Hello 
This is some of the lessons I have from my book and I am a bit confused 	This is some of the lessons I have from my book and I am a bit confused 
in the difference between 	in the difference between 
please if you can explain me the differences	please if you can explain me the differences
Thanks	Thanks
question	question
how do say that a street is one way only, what does it says in the sign.	how do say that a street is one way only, what does it says in the sign.
thanks 	thanks 
Javier	Javier
Hi I am practicing my Japanese, thanks Javier	Hi I am practicing my Japanese, thanks Javier
Hello 	Hello 
Here I wrote some sentences in Japanese, here I wrote some of the kanjis I learned from a book, my knoledge of kanjis is very limited.	Here I wrote some sentences in Japanese, here I wrote some of the kanjis I learned from a book, my knoledge of kanjis is very limited.
I hope one day I could get to know 5000 so I will be able to read the newspaper in Japanese.	I hope one day I could get to know 5000 so I will be able to read the newspaper in Japanese.
At this time I am really happy to learn so much every day.	At this time I am really happy to learn so much every day.
Thanks 	Thanks 
Javier	Javier
Help to practice Japanese	Help to practice Japanese
Hello my name is Javier, I am from Argentina, my native language is Spanish, although I like to right in English.	Hello my name is Javier, I am from Argentina, my native language is Spanish, although I like to write in English.
I can help you to practice Spanish, maybe English.	I can help you to practice Spanish, maybe English.
Here I introduce myself in Japanese.	Here I introduce myself in Japanese.
Best	Best
Javier	Javier
I am not sure with this sentence	I am not sure with this sentence
I want to say that probably it might get cold at evening.	I want to say that probably it might get cold at evening.
The book that I use teach me a lot of patterns, but I have to use the dictionary to understand why they are using this patterns.	The book that I use teach me a lot of patterns, but I have to use the dictionary to understand why they are using this patterns.
If you can explain a bit	If you can explain a bit
Thanks  	Thanks  
Javier	Javier
Hello here is my Japanese Practice	Hello here is my Japanese Practice
Javier	Javier
Hello Today here I wrote more sentences in japanese	Hello Today here I wrote more sentences in japanese
Hello Today here I wrote more sentences	Hello Today here I wrote more sentences
Practice in English- video games- RPG	Practice in English- video games- RPG
I will try to keep it fun	I will try to keep it fun
Video games 	Video games 
I was playing video games, it is a new game for me.	I was playing video games, it is a new game for me.
It is a bit addictive.	It is a bit addictive.
So at the moment I am not playing it.	So at the moment I am not playing it.
A bit about the story, as a RPG game is based on the middle age time.	A bit about the story, as a RPG game is based on the middle age time.
Is an online multiplayer game.	Is an online multiplayer game.
And there are two sides that you can choose from: the dark side and the good side, acutally I don`t remember the name of the sides.	And there are two sides that you can choose from: the dark side and the good side, acutally I don`t remember the name of the sides.
So in the good side, there are elfes and human.	So in the good side, there are elfes and human.
On the other side there are Nordic and I forgot.	On the other side there are Nordic and I forgot.
The proffesions that you can pick from are warrior, guardians, assasins, mages, pagans, and other 2 or 3 more.	The proffesions that you can pick from are warrior, guardians, assasins, mages, pagans, and other 2 or 3 more.
I usually like to play with the pagan, it has a lot of powerful magic, Plus it usually it is used to attack from far, so you don`t usually get killed that easily, unless they reach you, and then is most likely that they will kill you.	I usually like to play with the pagan, it has a lot of powerful magic, Plus it usually it is used to attack from far, so you don`t usually get killed that easily, unless they reach you, and then is most likely that they will kill you.
As a pagan, I barely can use a shield, I cannot use any weapon, maybe small swords, I cannot use weapons as maces, axes, and so on.	As a pagan, I barely can use a shield, I cannot use any weapon, maybe small swords, I cannot use weapons as maces, axes, and so on.
It lacks of strengt, stamina.	It lacks of strengt, stamina.
So I put most of the points at intelligence, which is good for making magic.	So I put most of the points at intelligence, which is good for making magic.
Somthing that is a bit complicated is to understand the games codes:	Somthing that is a bit complicated is to understand the games codes:
for instance	for instance
what does it mean sk: actually it means steal kill, so when you go and kill a foe who is fighting with somebody else, who was not in your party, then he will say: don`t ks.	what does it mean sk: actually it means steal kill, so when you go and kill a foe who is fighting with somebody else, who was not in your party, then he will say: don`t ks.
So you can actually add people to your party and then you can fight multiple foes, and then you can earn expirience much fuster than usually.	So you can actually add people to your party and then you can fight multiple foes, and then you can earn expirience much fuster than usually.
I will continue to talk about this game in another time, 	I will continue to talk about this game in another time, 
that is it for now	that is it for now
Javier	Javier
HI a bit more practice for today	HI a bit more practice for today
Javier	Javier
Here I wrote some sentences in Japanese	Here I wrote some sentences in Japanese
Here I wrote some sentences, I was trying to practice the pattern とおも	Here I wrote some sentences, I was trying to practice the pattern とおも
Thanks Javier	Thanks Javier
Today I just wrote one line in Japanese	Today I just wrote one line in Japanese
Hello everybody, here is my practice for today, not much.	Hello everybody, here is my practice for today, not much.
Trying to make a diary in Japanese	Trying to make a diary in Japanese
Hello everybody	Hello everybody
Here I am intending to write a diary in Japanese, well here it goes	Here I am intending to write a diary in Japanese, well here it goes
I am planning to go to Israel.	I am planning to go to Israel.
This trip is a gift from my father, so I will go there.	This trip is a gift from my father, so I will go there.
Here I am trying to write my diary,	Here I am trying to write my diary,
(is this tabetaindesu correct)	(is this tabetaindesu correct)
but it will be difficult to write the Japanese part.	but it will be difficult to write the Japanese part.
So the Japanese part will be a bit different from the English one.	So the Japanese part will be a bit different from the English one.
Hopefully this will get better with the practice,	Hopefully this will get better with the practice,
And some of the parts I write I won`t be able to mention them.	And some of the parts I write I won`t be able to mention them.
Yet I though that to think it first in English and then put it into Japanese.	Yet I though that to think it first in English and then put it into Japanese.
It would be a very nice way to force my Japanese to improve.	It would be a very nice way to force my Japanese to improve.
If you could help me to put this sentences into Japanese, or at least some 	If you could help me to put this sentences into Japanese, or at least some 
of them	of them
It would be very nice.	It would be very nice.
My intention was to get closer to the English meaning, yet there some distance	My intention was to get closer to the English meaning, yet there some distance 
in the translation, I wrote it in the way I could do it.	in the translation, I wrote it in the way I could do it.
Thanks	Thanks
Javier	Javier
composition	composition
I think that they are going to put a poppet to win everybody acceptance.	I think that they are going to put a poppet to win everybody acceptance.
By the way I saw the movie Cyborg girl, and I saw it in Japanese without 	By the way I saw the movie Cyborg girl, and I saw it in Japanese without 
subtitles, I barely could understand some words, but it was good practice.	subtitles, I barely could understand some words, but it was good practice.
Japanese Ad	Japanese Ad
Hello I want to put an ad in Japanese but I don`t know if it is correct	Hello I want to put an ad in Japanese but I don`t know if it is correct
thanks	thanks
hello my name is Javier.	hello my name is Javier.
people who want to receive help with Spanish please write me.	people who want to receive help with Spanish please write me.
I am learning Japanese.	I am learning Japanese.
Well is so good to met a lot of people that helped me with Japanese	Well is so good to met a lot of people that helped me with Japanese
Javier	Javier
The last film	The last film
The last film what I saw , was “Limitless” by directed Neil Burguer.	The last film I sawwas “Limitless” directed by Neil Burguer.
It was about an unhappy writer.	It was about an unhappy writer.
He wasn´t success in his life.	He wasn´t successful in his life.
But  a day, he meet an old friend who give him an excellent tablet.	But one day, he met an old friend who give him an excellent pill.
But  a day, he meet an old friend who give him an excellent tablet.	But one day, he met an old friend who gave him an excellent tablet.
It was wonderful,now, he can doing a lot of things in a short time and so he learning in a record time.	It was wonderful, he was learning in record time!
The brain was work to 100%.!	His brain was worked to 100%!
The brain was work to 100%.!	His brain was working at 100%!
This situation disappear when the effects of the tablet weren´t.	This disappeared when the side effects of the pill appeared.
This situation disappear when the effects of the tablet weren´t.	This disappeared when the effects of the tablet wore off.
The protagonist  struggle for give more tablet and he get a lot of money an power,even he want to be the president´s States Unites.	The protagonist struggled to get more pills. He made a lot of money and obtained much power. He even went on to be the United States President.
The taboo words	The taboo words
In my opinion the swear words are of three groups.	In my opinion swear words are of three groups.
The first has religious ,some people use of terms like to “My God”,”Damn” an “Hell” shocking.	The first is religious ,some people use terms like “My God”,”Damn” and “Hell” which are shocking.
The second group include words related to sex, an parts of the human body.	The second group include words related to sex, and parts of the human body.
These are not used in polite or formal speech an generally not in writing.	These are not used in polite or formal speech and generally not in writing.
The third group relates to the excretion of body waste and again these words aren´t used in polite or formal speech.	The third group relates to the excretion of body waste and again these words aren´t used in polite or formal speech.
All theses taboo words have shock value, and are therefore used to express strong emotion.	All theses taboo words have shock value, and are therefore used to express strong emotion.
Often we earing a lot of swear words on tv or on radio,because the use of this words cuases a storm of protest.	Often we don't hear a lot of swear words on TV or on radio, because the use of these words cause a storm of protest.
hi! everyone	hi! everyone
I am a teacher of technology in a public high school.	I am a technology teacher in a public high school.
My students are fourteen or fifteen years.	My students are fourteen or fifteen years old.
My students are fourteen or fifteen years.	My students are fourteen and fifteen years old.
The high  school is to Cebolla , a village near to Talavera.	My school is in Cebolla , a village near Talavera.
The early year, this high school would bilingual  .	The early year, this school would be bilingual .
The early year, this high school would bilingual  .	The early year, this high school would bilingual . This doesn't make sense to me-- the early year? If you wrote the sentence for me in Spanish, I could help you with it. Maybe, "Earlier this year, the school became bilingual." But I'm not sure.
Subject English- speaking are socials and music.	Subjects are English- speaking, social and music.
Subject English- speaking are socials and music.	Subject English- speaking are socials and music. Again, I don't understand what you wanted to say. Maybe, "The subjects that are in English are social studies and music."
This method should start in 1 eso about one or two class.	This method should start in 1, about one or two classes earlier.
This method should start in 1 eso about one or two class.	This method should start in first grade, about one or two classes earlier.
And this school aren´t problem for the students  are enrolling .	And this school is not problem to enroll for the students 
And this school aren´t problem for the students  are enrolling .	And this school aren´t problem for the students are enrolling . I don't know what you wanted to say. Maybe, "This school is not having any problem enrolling students." The above correction is incorrect.
The Department  of Educacion want the children speaking English quickly	The Department of Education wants the children speaking English quickly.
Usage and meaning  of the word "original"	Usage and meaning  of the word "original"
I'd like to know if my usage of the word "original" is correct.	I'd like to know if my usage of the word "original" is correct.
The physical/mathematical theory that James Maxwell created in 1861 in order to explain electromagnetic phenomena was an original theory.	The physical/mathematical theory that James Maxwell created in 1861 in order to explain electromagnetic phenomena was an original theory.
That means, it was a new theory that didn't exist before Maxwell created it.	That means, it was a new theory that didn't exist before Maxwell created it.
The theory was "new;  fresh;  inventive;  novel"	The theory was "new;  fresh;  inventive;  novel"
It was "created,  undertaken,  or  presented  for  the  first  time:" in 1861.	It was "created,  undertaken,  or  presented  for  the  first  time:" in 1861.
TIA!	TIA!
28/09/10	28/09/10
have you ever heard about San Andres island?	Have you ever heard of San Andres island?
if not, let me tell you that this is a beautiful place which is located in Colombia, but it´s said that it has the only sea of 7 colors, its water is as transparent  as the glass, and the weather is great there!	If not, let me tell you that it is a beautiful place in Colombia, but it´s said that it has only a sea of seven colors, its water is as transparent as glass and the weather is great there. 
if not, let me tell you that this is a beautiful place which is located in Colombia, but it´s said that it has the only sea of 7 colors, its water is as transparent  as the glass, and the weather is great there!	If not, let me tell you that it is a beautiful place located in Colombia, but it´s said that it is the only sea of 7 colors, its water is as transparent as the glass, and the weather is great there!
by the way,  I want to tell you, that I´m going to this wonderful island next month, so I´m  excited because this is the first time I´m going to travel by plane, I haven´t ever gotten in a vehicle , so I´m also a little afraid.	By the way, I want to tell you that I´m going to this wonderful island next month. So, I´m excited, because this is the first time I´m going to travel by plane. I haven´t gotten in a vehicle, so I´m also a little scared. Pleae end your sentences with periods. Without the periods, your sentences are run-on sentences, which are grammatically incorrect.
I´m also going to know the capital of my country, because the plane has to land  in Bogota first, and then in San Andres.	I´m also going to the capital of my country, because the plane has to land in Bogota first, and then in San Andres.
so I have to take advantage of this opportunity and enjoy my trip.	So, I have to take advantage of this opportunity and enjoy my trip.
I´ve heard that the colognes are very cheap in San Andres, so , I´m going to buy several ones when I´m there.	I´ve heard that the colognes are very cheap in San Andres, so I´m going to buy several when I´m there.
my father told me that the alcoholic drinks are also cheap, so he wants that I buy a few ones for him, and then bring them home with me.	My father told me that the alcoholic drinks are also cheap, so he wants me to buy a few for him, and then bring them home with me.
I´m not sure, If I could do that, ´cause, I think that´s forbidden at the airport.	I´m not sure if I can do that, because I think that´s forbidden at the airport.
anyways, I have two weeks to think about the things that I´m going to do there, definitely this will be my best vacation ever!	Anyways, I have two weeks to think about the things that I´m going to do there, this will definitely be my best vacation ever!
thanks in advance!	thanks in advance!
carlozano.	carlozano.
@+	@+
Friendship today	Friendship today
Hummas are sociable animals.	Hummas are sociable animals.
We need to relation with each other for growing up happily.	We need to relation with each other for growing up happily.
The way as people strike up a friendship depends on their cultura.	The way as people strike up a friendship depends on their cultura.
For example: where you live (a village or a huge city), what is your religion, which is your sex..	For example: where you live (a village or a huge city), what is your religion, which is your sex..
Although many factors influence how people meet other people, there is one thing in common: the communication.	Although many factors influence how people meet other people, there is one thing in common: the communication.
Communication among people is the most important thing for making new friends and do not spoil the old one`s.	Communication among people is the most important thing for making new friends and do not spoil the old one`s.
Before the industrial revolution, people just met other people of their own city, because they did not have enough money for travelling.	Before the industrial revolution, people just met other people of their own city, because they did not have enough money for travelling.
Nowadays, the high techonology let us communicate with whoever at any time.	Nowadays, the high techonology let us communicate with whoever at any time.
Meeting new people is easier than last century.	Meeting new people is easier than last century.
Due to social nets such as Facebook or Twitter, we can make new friends , just clicking the button: Add friend.	Due to social nets such as Facebook or Twitter, we can make new friends , just clicking the button: Add friend.
In spite of new techonology have changed how people interact theirself, the nature of the friendship have hardly changed.	In spite of new techonology have changed how people interact theirself, the nature of the friendship have hardly changed.
A good friend is who always is loyal with you.	A good friend is who always is loyal with you.
In my opinion, a good friend must tell you the truth, even if he is going to hurt you.	In my opinion, a good friend must tell you the truth, even if he is going to hurt you.
one weekend	one weekend
Did you have a nice weekend?	Did you have a nice weekend?
i hope it was.	I hope you did.
The mine was quite quiet.	Mine was quite quiet.
I was trying to volunteer.	I was trying to do volunteer work.
On afternoon friday I went to the voluntaring centre wich is the nearest of my house and they gave me a form for fill out.	On Friday afternoon I went to the volunteering centre nearest to my house and they gave me a form to fill out.
I complited the form checking five things that i´d like to do and when i could do them.	I completed the form checking five things that I'd like to do and when I could do them.
I´d like to care childrens or speak with olders but I´ll have to wait a couple of months for doing this because first I have to proof I am a serius and responsable people.	I´d like to care of children or speak with older people but I´ll have to wait a couple of months before doing this because first I have to prove I am a serious and responsable person.
I´d like to care childrens or speak with olders but I´ll have to wait a couple of months for doing this because first I have to proof I am a serius and responsable people.	I´d like to care for children or speak with older people, but I´ll have to wait a couple of months before doing this because first I have to prove I am a serious and responsible person.
On morning saturday I had an interview in a company to volunteer too but they was looking for a marketing profile and while I don´t improve my english I can´t do that job so they told me that they will call me within two months.	On Saturday morning I had an interview in a company to volunteer too, but they were looking for a marketing profile and until I improve my english I can´t do that job. So they told me that they will call me within two months.
On morning saturday I had an interview in a company to volunteer too but they was looking for a marketing profile and while I don´t improve my english I can´t do that job so they told me that they will call me within two months.	On Saturday morning I had an interview for volunteer work, but they were looking for a marketing profile and until I improve my English I can´t do that job. They told me that they will call me within two months.
Well, that was all for me this weekend.	Well, that was all for me this weekend.
I will have to wait two months for everything!	I will have to wait two months for everything!
how to cook a spanish omelette	how to cook a spanish omelette
Today I am going to explain you how To prepare a special and tasty spanish omelette.	Today I am going to explain you how to prepare a special and tasty spanish omelette.
you need the follows ingredients:	you need the following ingredients:
four eggs	four eggs
five medium potatoes	five medium potatoes
one big onion or two medium onions	one big onion or two medium onions
a pinch of salt	a pinch of salt
oil	oil
parsley	parsley
First you have to prepare the potatoes and onions.	First you have to prepare the potatoes and onions.
you peel the potatoes and cut them in thin slices, 	you peel the potatoes and cut them into thin slices, 
Then you peel and cut the onion in very small piece and you put them in a bowl.	Then you peel and cut the onion into very small pieces and you put them in a bowl.
while you pour oil on a pan and hot it in the fire.	meanwhile, pour the oil into a pan and heat it in the fire.
when the oil is hot, to fry the ingredientes.	when the oil is hot, you fry the ingredients.
Mix the eggs with a pinch of salt and the parsley in a bowl.	Mix the eggs with a pinch of salt and the parsley in a bowl.
When the potatoes and onions are fried mixt them with the eggs with a knife.	When the potatoes and onions are fried, mix them with the eggs with a knife.
and Return to fry the both ingredientes.	and return everything to the pan and fry all the ingredients.
when one side is fried, turn over the omelette.	when one side is done, turn over the omelette.
Wait a few minutes and it is ready.	Wait a few minutes and it is ready.
you can accompany it with a tomatoes salad.	you can accompany it with a tomato salad.
i hope you like it.	i hope you like it.
Santiago Compostela vs London	Santiago Compostela vs London
I am native from Santiago de Compostela, a small city in the north of Spain with happens be very different to London in many aspects but very similar in others	I am native of Santiago de Compostela, a small city in the north of Spain, which happens be very different from London in many aspects but very similar in others.
For example Santiago is a historical place as London is, while doen't have as many theatres and cinemas as London.	For example, Santiago and London are both historical places, but Santiago doesn't have as many theaters and cinemas as London.
It is famous for Christian pilgrimates and its universities are very old and lot of students go to there for study.	Santiago is famous for Christian pilgrimages and its universities, which are very old but are still attended by many students.
In fact, in winter Santiago population grows from 95,000 people to 150,000 people.	In fact, in winter Santiago's population grows from 95,000 to 150,000.
In London there are millions of people and cars therefor the polution in London is much higher than santiago.	In London there are millions of people and cars, so the pollution in London is much worse than in Santiago.
The old city of Santiago is as impresionant as the famoust buildings in London.	The old city of Santiago is as impressive as the most famous buildings in London.
Santiago's buildings are made of granite wich shines.	Many of Santiago's buildings are made of polished granite.
When its rains and night comes the granite shines more and has a special light so it's very romantic to walk through its streets.	When it rains at night, the granite shines more, making it very romantic to walk through its streets.
In London it rains a lot too but I don't considerer so romantic here.	In London it rains a lot too, but I don't consider it to be as romantic as it is here in Santiago.
The food in Santiago is much fresher and cheaper than the food in London.	The food in Santiago is much fresher and cheaper than the food in London.
Our typical food is the shelfish and there are a lot of restaurants near the cathedral serve this meal.	One of our most popular foods is shellfish, and there are a lot of restaurants near the cathedral that serve this meal.
Really I recommended visiting it!	I really recommend visiting Santiago!
On holidays with my friends	On holidays with my friends
Hello my friends!	Hello my friends!
I´d rather go to Paris in my month of travel because my syster told me about its and she said me that is a wonderful place.	I´d rather go to Paris in my month of travel because my syster sister told me about its and she said me that is a wonderful place.I wish to go to Paris because my sister told me that it is a wonderful place.
I´d rather go to Paris in my month of travel because my syster told me about its and she said me that is a wonderful place.	I´d rather go to Paris in my month of travel because my sister told me about it and she told me that is a wonderful place.
I hate losing my time in a transport so I´d prefer to go by plane there.	I hate losing my time in a transport so I´d prefer to go by plane there.I prefer to travel by plane because it saves me a lot of time. 
I hate losing my time in a transport so I´d prefer to go by plane there.	I hate wasting time travelling so I´d prefer to go by plane there.
I hate losing my time in a transport so I´d prefer to go by plane there.	I hate wasting my time travelling so I´d prefer to go there by plane.
it doesn´t matter the number of days and the type of holiday.	the number of days and the type of holiday don't matter.
Waiting your opinions.	Awaiting your opinion opinion.
Bye	Bye
agony aunt	agony aunt
Dear crazy,	Dear crazy,
I have rade your letter carefully and I realice you have a serios problem with your wife.	I have read your letter carefully and I realise you have a serious problem with your wife.
Although you have already spoke with her you must try it again and tell her how do you feel.	Although you have already spoken with her you must try it again and tell her how you feel.
She has to understand you can't carry on in this situation.	She has to understand you can't carry on in this situation.
You ought to explain her that if she is more time with her mobile than with her friends or family then she is an addict.	You ought to explain to her that if she spends more time with her mobile than with her friends or family, she is an addict.
Probably she is going to reply: "You are crazy.." or "The problem is yours not mine..".	Probably she is going to reply: "You are crazy.." or "The problem is yours not mine..".
In this case, you must demostrate her you are right.	In this case, you must demostrate to her that you are right.
You can followings these steps:	You can follow these steps:
You should switch off her mobile a whole day.	You should switch off her mobile for a whole day.
If she is happy with her mobile switch off then she will get better in few weeks.	If she is happy with her mobile being switched off then she will get better in few weeks.
But she is stressed and ungry all day, you must take her to the doctor.	But if she is stressed and angry all day, you must take her to the doctor.
I hope this letter help you	I hope this letter helps you
Good luck!	Good luck!
Computers	Computers
As far as the best twentieth century invention is concerned, the computer is, in 	As far as the best twentieth century invention is concerned, the computer is, in 
my opinion, the most important invention.	my opinion, the most important invention. 
Computers have revolutionated each part de our life.	Computers have revolutionized every aspect of our lives.
They obtain results faster and more precisious than people do and make less mistakes.	They obtain results faster and with more precision than people do and make fewer mistakes.
Important medical advances have been done though computers.	Important medical advances have been achieved through computers.
They control our vital constants in an hospital.	They control our vital constants in a hospital.
A pregnant can see her child in computer before it was borned, etc..	A pregnant woman can see her child via computer before it is born, etc..
The great revolution of the information appeared when network was invented.	A great revolution in information sharing appeared when the net was invented.
Nowadays, we can find all information we want and connecting people in all the wold though a computer with access to internet.	Nowadays, we can find all the information we want and connect to people all over the world though a computer with access to internet.
In fact, networks have revolutionated the wold.	In fact, networks have changed the wold.
Borders among countries doesn´t exits in the new virtual world created by computers.	Borders between countries don't exist in the new virtual world created by computers.
The laws we know are invalids and other have to be created.	The laws we once knew are invalid and others have to be created.
The world economy is changing, new opportunities have appeared with the e-commerce.	The world economy is changing, new opportunities have appeared with e-commerce.
If your company can´t be found with a seeker, it doesn´t exist.	If your company can´t be found with a search engine, it doesn´t exist.
Unknown people can became famous uploading their videos into the network.	Unknown people can became famous uploading their videos to the net.
Computers are like the industrial revolution in the nineteenth century.	The proliferation of computers is like the industrial revolution of the nineteenth century.
rioting	rioting
What is happening in London?	What is happening in London?
Since fifth of August there are several riots along city.	Since fifth of August there are several riots along city.
They started at Tothenham because police killed one black man, apparently without any good reason.	They started at Tothenham because police killed one black man, apparently without any good reason.
Since that, hundreds of shops have been broken into.	Since that, hundreds of shops have been broken into.
More than one house and bus has been burnt.	More than one house and bus has been burnt.
Indeed ,two youngers were murdered by gangs.	Indeed ,two youngers were murdered by gangs.
The black killed man´s family fit in anger and started the riots this night.	The black killed man´s family fit in anger and started the riots this night.
All the gangs of London are conected via Internet.	All the gangs of London are conected via Internet.
They organized riots sending texts each other.	They organized riots sending texts each other.
At the first time, it seems people were fed up of the system, but now I realize that it is just an excuse for vandalism.	At the first time, it seems people were fed up of the system, but now I realize that it is just an excuse for vandalism.
The primer minister is taking measures for sort the wole things out.	The primer minister is taking measures for sort the wole things out.
In fact, six hundred people were arrested during these days.	In fact, six hundred people were arrested during these days.
Although they are charged of looting, they are not afraid because they have never suffered consequences of their acts.	Although they are charged of looting, they are not afraid because they have never suffered consequences of their acts.
Government called on back rights to teachers and parents.	Government called on back rights to teachers and parents.
fast food	fast food
Nowadays, food has become easier to prepare.	Nowadays, food has become easier to prepare.
If you have a look to the shelves in a supermarket, you will see hundreds of products which they are ready to eat.	If you have a look to the shelves in a supermarket, you will see hundreds of products that are ready to eat.
I think that this change has not necessarily improved the way people live.	I think that this change has not necessarily improved the way people live.
It only supports our new life-style because youngsters have to work harder and more hours than people did last century.	It only supports our new lifestyle of having to work more hours and harder than people did last century.
Therefore, they do not have much time to spend on cooking.	Therefore, they do not have much time to spend on cooking.
For example, when I was working in a IT company.	For example, when I was working in a IT company, I always ate out or brought canned food because I only had an hour long lunch break.
Those days I got fat dramatically because of junk food.	Those days, I got incredibly fat because of all of the junk food I was eating.
In spite of the fact that it is widely known that canned food is by far unhealthier than fresh food, people are increasingly eating it.	Despite the fact that it is widely known that canned food is far unhealthier than fresh food, people are eating it at an increasing rate. 
One reason for that it can be that canned food is cheaper than fresh food.	One reason for that could be that canned food is cheaper than fresh food.
To conclude, we all know that fresh food are highly rich in vitamins and even are much cheaper if you take advantage of the offers.	In conclusion, we all know that fresh food is highly rich in vitamins and is even much cheaper if you take advantage of the benefits.
However, we are increasingly eating out.	However, we are increasingly eating out.
Why?	Why?
The best answers is, we do not have enough time for cooking.	The best answers is that we do not have enough time for cooking.
Black Swam	Black Swam
The movie that has surprised me most this year, is Black Swam.	The movie that has surprised me the most this year is "Black Swan."
Black Swam is a 2010 American psychological thriller film.	"Black Swan" is a 2010 American psychological thriller film.
It is directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Natalie Portman.	It was directed by Darren Aronofsky and starred Natalie Portman.
Its plot revolves around a production of ballet (Swam Lake) in prestigious New York City company.	Its plot revolves around a ballet production (Swan Lake) in a prestigious New York City company.
Nina is a ballet dancer who spends most of her time dancing to become the best.	Nina is a ballet dancer who spends most of her time dancing to become the best.
She lives with her overbearing mother, a failed dancer, who now tries to control much of Nina`s life.	She lives with her overbearing mother, a failed dancer, who now tries to control much of Nina`s life.
When the director of the company have to cast a new principal dancer, Nina is selected to compete for the part alongside several other dancers.	When the director of the company has to cast a new principal dancer, Nina is selected to compete for the part alongside several other dancers.
The lead will have to portray both the innocent White Swam and darkly sensual the Black Swam.	The lead will have to portray both the innocent White Swan and the darkly sensual Black Swan.
Nina fits perfectly to the White Swam but she lacks the passion to dance the Black Swam.	Nina fits the part of the White Swan perfectly, but she lacks the passion to dance the part of the Black Swan.
The director doesn`t intend to cast Nina of Swam Queen.	The director doesn`t intend to cast Nina as the Swan Queen.
When Nina visits the director for request the rol, he forced on kiss her.	When Nina visits the director to request the part, he forcefully kisses her.
Nina bites him in his mouth	Nina bites him on his mouth
and runs away.	and runs away.
The director sees her potencial and gives her the rol.	The director sees her potential and gives her the part.
However Lily, her understudy, has a personality that matches the Black Swam.	However, Lily, her understudy, has a personality that matches the Black Swan.
When the two compete for the parts, Nina finds a dark side to herself.	When the two compete for the parts, Nina discovers a dark side to herself.
my day	my day
today I wake up and I take a shower i go to eat breakfast in a restaurant then I go to school and i go to school and I put my books in the classroom then we go with my brother to the secundary next we go to swim and then we eat and i do my homework and I eat dinner             	today I wake up and I take a shower i go to eat breakfast in a restaurant then I go to school and i go to school and I put my books in the classroom then we go with my brother to the secundary next we go to swim and then we eat and i do my homework and I eat dinner             
GOOD BYE	GOOD BYE
Hi !!	Hi !!
Hi!	Hi!
I'm Angel and I'm from Spain, I'll take the CAE exam in two weeks time so I would like someone to correct my writings.	I'm Angel and I'm from Spain, I'll be taking the CAE exam in two weeks time so I would like someone to correct my writings.
If you are learning spanish i could help you whatever you need :).	If you are learning Spanish I could help you with whatever you need :).
Please let me know if you want to exchange our writings.	Please let me know if you want to exchange our writings.
:)	:)
See you, 	See you, 
Hello :-)	Hello :-)
Hello everybody 	Hello everybody 
I'm Alejandra,I'm from Colombia and I live in Bogota, I hope to learn many things here, especially with my writing or my grammar.	I'm Alejandra,I'm from Colombia and I live in Bogota, I hope to learn many things here, especially with my writing or my grammar.
Although I don't know so well how is here :S I'm studying social communication and journalism so I must be good with this language.	Although I don't know so well how is here :S I'm studying social communication and journalism so I must be good with this language.
Bye Bye	Bye Bye
Hello World	Hello World
Hello World, Like me learn English, which is the first step in the website?	Hello World, I would like to learn English. What is the first step on this website?
Hi	Hi
I'm beging to see movies in English from can improve my english	I'm beging to see movies in English from can improve my english
Hi	Hi
I had practicing taekwondo 	I had practicing taekwondo 
looking for Help	Looking for Help
I'm search a website where I can learn English, somebody know it...	I'm searching a website where I can learn English, somebody may knows ...
Hi	Hi
Other cold day, don't stop of rain in Colombia	Other cold day, don't stop of rain in Colombia
Back to the University	Back at the University.
Classes have resumed today at my university, which stayed closed for about a month.	Classes resumed today at my university, which had been closed for about a month.
Many things have changed.	Many things have changed.
Now there are security cameras everywhere, and the access to enter the university is more limited.	Now there are security cameras everywhere, and the access to enter the university is more limited.
Many people who sold candies or coffee won’t be able to do it any longer, because that is not allowed now.	Many people who sold candies or coffee before won’t be able to do it anymore, because that is no longer allowed.
The university resembles a jail, with all those restrictions, the cameras, and those boys in blue at the entrance.	The university resembles a jail, with all those restrictions, the cameras, and those boys in blue at the entrance. Those boys in blue? That makes it sound like you are referring to a specific group that we should know about. Should we? If not, just take out "those."
I am aware that there were many problems and riots inside the university, but I don’t know, I don’t think that things are better right now.	I am aware that there were many problems and riots inside the university before, but I don’t know, I don’t think that things are better now. Might sound better to say "things are any better now" or "things are necessarily better now."
I Work at a Rabbit Hole	I Work in a Rabbit Hole
I was after the rabbit looking for new adventures, and I found myself inside a big rabbit hole; but instead of entering a wonderful world, I started to work at a company that I would thought it would be good.	I was chasing after looking for new adventures, and I found myself inside a big rabbit hole; but instead of entering a wonderful world, I started to work at a company that I thought would be good.
Now I am enclosed by walls all day.	Now I am enclosed by walls all day.
I didn’t even notice when it’s raining outside.	I don't even know when it's raining outside.
I can’t help but hoping to get out of the rabbit hole one day.	I can’t help but hope to get out of this rabbit hole one day.
I work at ten kilometers down the surface.	I work ten kilometers underground.
I dread having to stay all my life down the earth.	I dread having to spend my life living underground..
I miss the smell of flowers, I miss the shining sun, and of course I miss watching raindrops falling down from the sky.	I miss the smell of flowers, I miss the shining sun, and of course I miss watching raindrops falling down from the sky.
Sports	Sports
When I was a child —around the age of 4—, I liked to play soccer.	When I was a child, around the age of 4, I liked to play soccer.
I guess I played it until the age of 15 or so, because I moved out and didn't find people to play it in the new city.	I guess I played it until the age of 15 or so but stopped playing because I moved to a new city and couldn't find people to play with.
Some years later, at the university, I played again but I was a mess.	Some years later, at the university, I played again but I was not good at it.
At the university I began to play ultimate.	At the university I began to play ultimate.
If anybody doesn't know what ultimate is, it is that sport with the fresbee.	If anybody doesn't know what ultimate is, it is that sport with the frisbee.
I liked ultimate a lot, but I was not that good at it.	I liked ultimate a lot, but I was not very good at it.
So I practiced ultimate about six months, then I gave up.	So I practiced ultimate for about six months, then I stopped.
As you can see, I am not good at sports.	As you can see, I am not good at sports.
I am not like those jocks.	I am not like those jocks.
I don't practice sport a lot, but jogging.	I don't practice sport a lot, but I do like to go jogging.
However it doesn't mean I am a couch potato or something, I study most of the time, and read a lot.	However this doesn't mean I am a couch potato or anything. I study most of the time and I read a lot.
However from time to time I watch sports on TV.	However from time to time, I watch sports on TV.
My favorite is soccer.	My favorite is soccer.
Besides soccer is the most popular sport in my country.	Besides soccer is the most popular sport in my country.
People talks all day about soccer.	People talk all day about soccer.
Football is not really very popular in my country.	Football, on the other hand, is not very popular in my country.
Almost nobody play it.	Almost nobody plays it.
Some people play basketball, but it is not as important as soccer.	Some people play basketball, but this is still not as important as soccer.
Some others sports have caught attention in my country but for a few time.	Some other sports have gained attention in my country but only for a short time.
For example when Edgar Retenria won the championship with the Florida Marlins, it was presented on t.	For example when Edgar Retenria won the championship with the Florida Marlins, it was presented on TV.
v, or when Juan Pablo Montoya run in F1 the same.	and also, when Juan Pablo Montoya was in F1.
Absence	Absence
I have been absent from here for a long time.	I have been absent from here for a long time.
Actually, I was not very busy or something, I was just doing something else.	Actually, I was not very busy or anything, I was just doing something else.
I decided stop writing and grammar exercises for a period of time, so I did a lot of practices in speaking and listening.	I decided to stop writing and grammar exercises for a period of time, so I did a lot of practices in speaking and listening.
Now I came back.	Now I have come back.
I hope to continue improving my writing skills.	I hope to continue improving my writing skills.
I watched a wonderful movie: "The hours" with Nicole Kidman.	I watched a wonderful movie: "The hours" with Nicole Kidman.
It is a great movie.	It is a great movie.
It is about Virginia Woolf's life.	It is about Virginia Woolf's life.
I think the letter Virginia wrote to his husband Leonard just before his death is one of the best letters of history.	I think the letter Virginia wrote to her husband Leonard just before his death is one of the best letters in history.
I like her sensibility and sincerity.	I like her sensibility and sincerity.
See you soon.	See you soon.
About Clocks	Clocks
Well, dealing with the time is always annoying, but it is necessary.	Dealing with time is always annoying, but it is necessary.
I never liked to wear a watch on my hand.	I never liked to wear a watch on my hand.
Instead of that I took its bracelets off, and I carried it in my pocket.	Instead, I took the bands off, and I carried it in my pocket.
I would say that I prefer clocks to watches.	I would say that I prefer clocks to watches.
In my house, there is a clock in the leaving room, there I watched the time.	In my house, there is a clock in the living room where I could see what time it was.
When the battery of the clock is over; we take the clock down, so that the people doesn´t get confused with a wrong time.	When the battery died, we took the clock down so that people wouldn´t get confused by the wrong time.
But the clock is still filling that space in our mind.	The clock still fills that space in our minds, though.
We always are looking into that direction, and it is sad to see that empty space.	We always look in that direction, and it is sad to see that empty space.
Besides, because of the shadow of the clock, that space has a more colorful paint than the rest of the wall.	What's more, because of the shadow of the clock, the paint in that space is more colorful than the rest of the wall. Through my students last year and talking to Spanish speakers who speak English, I've realized that it's very common for Spanish speakers to use "besides" incorrectly. It is not a strict translation for "además." I can't explain it well, though- sorry!
Color tells us that there is something missing there, that a clock must occupy his right place, that we have to move on and charge the battery of the clock.	The color tells us that there is something missing there, that a clock belongs there, that we have to move on and charge the clock battery.
In the university I don't need watches either.	At my university, I don't need a watch either.
I am aware about the places where the clocks are standing.	I know where all the clocks are.
For example, there is one in the entrance of the library.	For example, there is one in the entrance of the library.
There is another in the cafeteria, and there is another in the office of the dean.	There is another in the cafeteria, and there is another in the dean's office.
And clock has other advantages; they are used by many people, instead of watches, which are used only by few people.	And clocks have another advantage; they are used by many people, whereas watches are used by only a few people.
Besides, sometimes people get angry when someone asks for the time.	Besides, sometimes people get angry when someone asks them what time it is.
I think that that kind of people shouldn't own watches.	I think that that kind of people shouldn't own watches.
public transport	public transportation
public transport	Public Transport
Today I'll talk about the transport in my city.	Today I'll talk about the transportation in my city.
Today I'll talk about the transport in my city.	Today I'll talk about the transit in my city.
I live in a town that is quite near to the big city.	I live in a town that is quite near the big city.
I live in a town that is quite near to the big city.	I live in a town that is very near a big city.
Most of time I like to stay at my town, but sometimes I have to go to the big city, for example, to study, or to go to the Library.	Most of the time I like to stay in my owntown, but sometimes I have to go to the big city, for example, to study, or to go to the Library.
Most of time I like to stay at my town, but sometimes I have to go to the big city, for example, to study, or to go to the Library.	Most of time I like to stay in my town, but sometimes I have to go to the big city to study or to go to the Library.
When a I have to go to the city I can take the bus or the Metro.	When a I have to go to the city, I can take the bus or the metro.
When a I have to go to the city I can take the bus or the Metro.	When a I have to go into the city I can take the bus or the Metro.
I prefer the bus, because I think it is more exciting.	I prefer the bus because I think it is more exciting.
I prefer the bus, because I think it is more exciting.	I prefer the bus because I think it is more exciting.
The Metro is a kind of boring.	The metro is kind of boring.
The Metro is a kind of boring.	The Metro is kind of boring.
At town I always go by foot.	In town I always go by foot.
At town I always go by foot.	In town I always travel by foot.
Besides I like the bus over the metro because on the whole the bus' tickets are cheaper.	Besides, I like the bus over the metro because on the whole, the bus' tickets are cheaper.
Besides I like the bus over the metro because on the whole the bus' tickets are cheaper.	I also like taking the bus instead of the Metro because on the whole, the bus' tickets are cheaper.
And the buses work the whole day -24 hours a day.	Plus the buses work the whole day--24 hours a day.
And the buses work the whole day -24 hours a day.	The buses also run 24 hours a day.
The metro only works until 11 p.m.	The Metro only runs until 11 p.m.
The good thing about the Metro is that you can read in it.	The good thing about the metro is that you can read in it.
The good thing about the Metro is that you can read in it.	The good thing about the Metro is that you can read on it.
In a bus if you try to read, you will probably get blind.	If you try to read on a bus, you will probably get carsick.
In a bus if you try to read, you will probably get blind.	If you try to read on the bus, you will probably go blind.
But it does not matter because I like reading at home.	But it doesn't matter because I like reading at home.
When I go by bus I get the chance of sleeping 20 or 20 spare minutes.	When I go by bus, I get the chance to sleep 20 or so minutes.
When I go by bus I get the chance of sleeping 20 or 20 spare minutes.	When I go by bus I get the chance to sleep for 20 extra minutes.
To Work, or not to Work	To Work, or not to Work
Today I was in an interview for a job.	Today I had a job interview.
I had long been avoiding getting a job.	I had long avoided getting a job,
Now I think that the time has come.	but now I think that the time has come.
It is not like I had a problem with jobs and working.	It is not like I had a problem with jobs and working. What do you mean by "had a problem with"? Do you mean that you weren't opposed to the idea of working? Or that you had never had problems in your past jobs? It's unclear.
It is just that I spent last two years preparing myself in literature studies.	It is just that I have spent the last two years dedicated to my literature studies.
The reason why I am looking for a job is that I feel that I need some more job experience while I am still young.	The reason I am looking for a job is that I feel that I need more work experience while I am still young.
I have been two years without a full-time job.	It has been two years now since I've had a full-time job.
I have had part-time jobs; most of the times in the university, in order to get some money for, you know, tickets, books, beers, and so on.	I have had a few part-time jobs- mostly at my university- in order to have some money for, you know, tickets, books, beers, and so on.
Having a full-time job has always been hard for me because I think eight hours a day is too much time.	Having a full-time job has always been hard for me because I think that eight hours a day is too much of a time commitment for me.
I know that there are a lot of people who work more time and they have to; but the real issue with me is that I need a lot of spare time to my studies and my readings.	I know that there are many people who work longer hours than I do and have no other choice, but the real issue for me is that I need a lot of spare time to dedicate to my studies and my reading.
That is why concerns me.	That is what concerns me.
I think that it is a necessity for me to read al lest two hours a day, and two more hours for my English studies, and of course the university too.	I think that it is an absolute necessity for me to read at least two hours a day, as well as two more hours for my English studies, and of course the university too.
I really need time to go on learning my English at all.	I really need to spend a lot of time focused on improving my English. 
To be more precise I didn’t have an interview today; it was a kind of test to prove the logic skills of the contestant.	To be more precise, I didn’t actually have an interview today; instead, it was a kind of test to demonstrate the logic skills of the interviewee.
Those ones who get to pass the test are going to begin a course in a sort of arcane technology.	Those who pass the test will begin a course in a sort of arcane technology. Arcane? Not sure what you mean by that. Maybe specialized?
It will take a month.	that will last one month.
During that month the company will make two tests more to decide whom they are going to take on.	During that month, the company will give two more tests in order to decide whom they are going to hire.
Sentences	Sentences
I am out of shape: I just walked two miles and then I was there wheezing all the way.	I am out of shape: I just walked two miles and I was wheezing all the way. Good- some other word choices which could be slightly better might be "panting," "huffing and puffing," or "gasping for breath."
I dread having to clean the house, but my mom is coming and she likes clean houses.	I dread having to clean the house, but my mom is coming and she likes the house to be clean. I changed it with the assumption that you live with your mom. If not and she is visiting YOUR house, it was fine as it was.
I dread hearing strange noises when I am alone at home.	I dread hearing strange noises when I am alone at home.
Juan was very angry; he broke off the lock of the door, because it didn’t open.	Juan was so angry that he broke off the lock of the door because it didn’t open.
Kate and Adam were having a lot of problems, so they decided to break off.	Kate and Adam were having a lot of problems, so they decided to break it off.
Pedro broke off a piece of his cookie and gave it to me.	Pedro broke off a piece of his cookie and gave it to me.
They were having a roll in the hay but they broke it off when they hear the sound of the door opening.	They were having a roll in the hay but they stopped when they hear the sound of the door opening.
Stop mumbling, speak clearly; I can’t understand what you are saying.	Stop mumbling, speak clearly; I can’t understand what you are saying.
My mother lives in a bungalow near metro station.	My mother lives in a bungalow near the metro station.
Don’t steal, if you do so, you will be entering the doorway to prison.	Don’t steal. If you do so, you will be entering the doorway to prison.
She was watching a movie at the movie theater and her cell phone started to ring, so she rapidly put her pursue on to muffle the sound.	She was watching a movie at the movie theater and her cell phone started to ring, so she rapidly put her purse on it to muffle the sound.
World Cup	World Cup
By these days, people only talks about football.	Over the past few weeks, people have only been talking about football.
By these days, people only talks about football.	These days, people only talk about football.
Well, I am not the exception to that rule.	Well, I am no exception to that rule.
Well, I am not the exception to that rule.	Well, I am no exception.
For that reason, I want to talk a little about the World Cup.	For this reason, I want to talk a little about the World Cup.
I think Argentina will win the cup.	I think Argentina will win the cup.
As Maradona said: “We have Messi”.	As Maradona said, “We have Messi”.
In this moment Messi is the best football player in the world.	Currently, Messi is the best football player in the world.
He is very fast; and when he is running, it looks like the ball was attached to his foot.	He is very fast; and when he is running, it looks like the ball is attached to his foot.
Some people say that Ronaldo or Rooney are the best, but they are already out of the competition.	Some people say that Ronaldo or Rooney is the best, but both are already out of the competition.
However I am worried about Argentina next match.	However, I am worried about Argentina´s next match.
Germany team showed a good game against England team.	Germany's team played a good game against England's team.
Germany team showed a good game against England team.	Germany's team played a good game against England's team.
Argentina vs Germany is the best game in the next stage of the World Cup.	Argentina vs Germany will be the best game in the next stage of the World Cup.
Despite this, I am sure Argentina will obtain its third cup.	Despite this, I am sure Argentina will obtain its third cup.
You Cannot Step Twice Into the Same Stream	You Cannot Step Twice Into the Same Stream
I think of Heraclitus and that famous phrase of him, "You cannot step twice into the same stream".	I think of Heraclitus and that famous phrase of his, "You cannot step twice into the same stream".
Is there anything truer than that?	Is there anything truer than that?
I look at myself and can see that it is true, I am constantly changing.	I look at myself and can see that it is true- I am constantly changing.
Today I want to talk about an important change in my life that occurs to me when I was in high school.	Today I want to talk about an important change in my life that occurred when I was in high school.
Since I was a child, I was a very good student, especially at math.	When I was a child, I was a very good student, especially in math. Or, if you want to say that this has continued up into the present, you'd write: "Ever since I was a child, I have been a very good student..." or, "Ever since I was a child, I have been very good at math" if you're not a student anymore :p
I thought of someone smart as someone really good only at math.	I thought of a smart person as someone really good only at math.
I felt more comfortable with numbers instead of letters.	I felt more comfortable with numbers than letters.
I didn’t care about Spanish or Art classes.	I didn’t care about Spanish or Art classes.
I got very angry when I didn’t get an A in a Spanish composition, just because the teacher didn’t agree with my ideas.	I got very angry when I didn’t get an A on a Spanish composition, just because the teacher didn’t agree with my ideas. If you're talking about a one-time occurrence, say "I once got..." If this is something that happened more than once, "I would get..."
On the other hand there was math: I could be quite sure that I would get an A, just looking at the answers in the book after taking a test, because there was only one correct answer.	On the other hand, there was math: I could always be quite sure that I would get an A just by looking at the answers in the book after taking a test, because there was only one correct answer.
In the last year of high school all that would change, althoug.	In my last year of high school all of that would change, though.
In Spanish class I had to read a book, the good thing was that I could choose it.	In Spanish class, I had to read a book. The good thing was that I could choose it.
My choice was One Hundred Years of Solitude.	My choice was One Hundred Years of Solitude.
I read it very quickly.	I read it very quickly.
And then I got very fond of letters as I could have never imagined.	And then I became very fond of the arts in a way I never could have imagined.
I discovered a doorway to a magic world.	I discovered a doorway to a magic world.
I realized that letters were more powerful than any other thing in the world.	I realized that the arts were more powerful than anything else in the world.
The most important thing about them is you can dream.	The most important thing about them is that you can dream.
After that I got every time closer to letters, most of the time in literature.	After that I got closer and closer to the arts, most of the time in literature. Or maybe you could say something like, "more and more enthralled with" or "went deeper and deeper in"
That is why there is no point in trying to change something by force.	That is why there is no point in trying to change something by force.
It will come a time when that change will come to our foot down the stream.	There will come a time when that change will come to our feet further on down the stream.
Don’t push yourself so hard nor someone else.	Don’t push yourself or anyone else so hard.
There is still too much water in the stream.	There is still too much water in the stream.
A walk by the mountain	A walk by the mountain
Yesteday, I and two friends had a walk by the mountain.	Yesteday, me and two friends took a walk by the mountain.
Yesteday, I and two friends had a walk by the mountain.	Yesteday, two friends and I had a walk by the mountain.
It took us four or so hours.	It took us four hours or so.
The landscape was beautiful, we found a small waterfall where we had a swim.	The landscape was beautiful, we found a small waterfall where we had a swim.
In order to get the waterfall it is necessary to go up by a stream.	In order to get to the waterfall it is necessary to go up a stream
Sometimes the geography turns into a difficult one.	 Sometimes the terrain is difficult.
One of my friends wasn't able to succed passing a stretch of the track by himself, so I had to gave him a hand.	One of my friends wasn't able to pass some land by himself, so I had to gave him a hand.
One of my friends wasn't able to succed passing a stretch of the track by himself, so I had to gave him a hand.	One of my friends wasn't able to walk a stretch of the track by himself, so I had to give him a hand.
The cell phone of one of my friends broke.	One of my friends' cell phone broke.
how to make an special food	How to make some special food
Well, I'll teach how to make fried eggs.	Well, I'll teach how to make fried eggs.
Servings: 1 person.	Servings: 1 person.
Ok, firts of all you need an egg.	Ok, first of all you need an egg.
If you have a chicken the egg will be free.	If you have a chicken the egg will be free.
If not, you'll have to go either a grocery store or a supermarket.	If not, you'll have to go either a grocery store or a supermarket.
An egg should cost around 200 pesos.	An egg should cost around 200 pesos.
You put it on a rough surface as you look for a pan.	Once you have the egg, put it on a rough surface while you look for a pan.
It is important not putting the egg on a smooth surface because it could roll and fall onto the floor, and cleaning it up it is not a nice thing.	It is important not to put the egg on a smooth surface because it could roll and fall onto the floor, and cleaning it up it is not fun.
Then you put the pan on the ring.	Then you put the pan on the stove.
Turn the ring on.	Turn the stove on.
Next pour some oil into the pan.	Next, pour some oil into the pan.
It is important no pouring so much oil because you could come down with heart disease because of, you know, the cholesterol.	To be heart healthy, only use a little oil. This will reduce the amount of cholesterol and lower your chance of heart disease.
Once the oil is hot, you crack the egg into the pan.	Once the oil is hot, crack the egg into the pan.
Now you have to make a decision, as you have two opcions: soft yolk or hard yolk.	Now you have two options: soft yolk or hard yolk.
If you want soft yolk you cook the egg for a minute, if you want hard yolk, you cook the egg for two minutes.	If you want soft yolk you cook the egg for a minute. If you want hard yolk, you cook the egg for two minutes.
Now you have a delicious egg for eating.	Now you have a delicious egg to eat.
Bon appetit.	Bon appetit.
Library	Library
Today I was in the university's library looking for some books to read.	Today I was in the university's library looking for some books to read.
I wanted to read either a book of Mejia Vallejo or a book of García Márquez.	I wanted to read either a book by Mejia Vallejo or one by García Márquez.
I wanted to read either a book of Mejia Vallejo or a book of García Márquez.	There are many ways of saying this. "I wanted to read a book by either Majia Vallejo or Garcia Marquez." I wanted to read either a book of Mejia Vallejo's or of Garcia Marquez's." "I wanted to read a book by Mejia Vallejo or Garcia Marquez." etcetera y asi sucesivamente. 
I first found Mejia Vallejo's one, so I borrowed it.	I found Mejia Vallejo's first, so that's the one I borrowed.
I first found Mejia Vallejo's one, so I borrowed it.	I first found a book by Mejia Vallejo, so I borrowed it.
It is called "Y el mundo sigue andando".	It is called "Y el mundo sigue andando".
I don't know what it would be the correct translation into English.	I don't know what the correct translation in English would be.
I don't know what it would be the correct translation into English.	I don't know what it would be the correct translation into English.
Then I went for a cup of coffee and began to read.	Then I went for a cup of coffee and began to read.
However, when I got home, I left it aside and continued my reading on Andrés Caicedo.	However, when I got home, I set it aside and continued my reading of Andrés Caicedo.
However, when I got home, I left it aside and continued my reading on Andrés Caicedo.	However, when I got home, I left it aside and continued my reading Andrés Caicedo.
Pets	Pets
When I was a kid I had a pet that I loved so much.	When I was a kid I had a pet that I lovedvery much.
It was a little monkey called Antonio.	It was a little monkey called Antonio.
By those days I lived on a farm, so it was the perfect environment for Antonio.	In those days I lived on a farm, so it was the perfect environment for Antonio.
There he could run, he could climb the trees, etc.	There, he could run, and he could climb the trees. or he could run and climb trees.
But unfortunately Antonio died.	Unfortunately Antonio died.
After Antonio my family had have a lot of different pets, mostly dogs.	After Antonio my family have had a lot of different pets, mostly dogs.
After Antonio my family had have a lot of different pets, mostly dogs.	After Antonio, my family had have a lot of different pets, mostly dogs.
Now that I live in the city, we only have a cat.	Now that I live in the city, we have only a cat.
Now that I live in the city, we only have a cat.	Now that I live in the city, we only have a cat. or only hae one cat.
Its name is Lucho.	It's name is Lucho
And it is a very smart cat.	and it is a very smart cat.
It do a lot of amazing things, like knocking the door when it wants to enter.	It does a lot of amazing things, like knocking atthe door when it wants to enter.
It do a lot of amazing things, like knocking the door when it wants to enter.	It does a lot of amazing things, like knocking on the door when it wants to enter. or wants to come inside.
Sleeping on the bus	Sleeping on the bus
I am attending a course in the afternoons by this month.	I am attending a course in the afternoon by this month.
I am attending a course in the afternoons by this month.	I am attending a course in the afternoons this entire month.
I leave off that course at 6 p.m. One could think that’s the happiest moment in the day, but that’s far from the case.	I leave the classroom at 6 p.m. One could think that’s the happiest moment in the day, but that’s far from the case.
I leave off that course at 6 p.m. One could think that’s the happiest moment in the day, but that’s far from the case.	I leave the school at 6 p.m. One would think that that’s the happiest moment in my day, but that’s far from the case.
At 6 p.m. since it is a rush hour, there are traffic jams all over the city.	At 6 p.m., since it is rush hour, there are traffic jams all over the city.
It takes one hour to get home.	It takes me one hour to get home.
It takes one hour to get home.	It takes me an hour to get home.
Normally it takes me half an hour.	Normally it would take me half an hour.
Normally it takes me half an hour.	Normally it takes me half an hour. This is fine as it is. You can change the order to "It normally..."
However I take advantage of that additional time in the bus, by sleeping.	However I take advantage of that additional time in the bus, by sleeping.
However I take advantage of that additional time in the bus, by sleeping.	However, I take advantage of that additional time on the bus by sleeping.
As I sleep few hours in the night, that time is perfect for replenishing my supplies.	As I sleep for few hours in the night, that time is perfect for replenishing my supplies.
As I sleep few hours in the night, that time is perfect for replenishing my supplies.	As I don't get much of sleep at night, that time is perfect for replenishing my energy supply.
There are some inconveniences in the bus although.	There are some inconveniences on the bus, however.
I feel uncomfortable.	I would feel uncomfortable.
I feel uncomfortable.	I feel uncomfortable. This is fine as it is. You are talking about something that you have already experienced, right, so it is correct to phrase this in the present tense.
The heat turns up.	The heat would rise. .
The heat turns up.	It gets really hot.
And from time to time I hit my head with the window while I am asleep.	And from time to time I hit my head on the window while I am asleep.
I know that a bus there’s not a bed.	I know that a in a bus there’s not a bed.
I know that a bus there’s not a bed.	I know that a bus is not a bed.
But one leaves off so tired that sleeping presents itself as the best choice.	But one leaves off so tired that sleeping presents itself as the best choice.
But one leaves off so tired that sleeping presents itself as the best choice.	But one gets off work feeling so tired that sleeping presents itself as the best choice.
Hemingway’s Top 5 Tips For Writing Well	Hemingway’s Top 5 Tips For Writing Well
I am considering adopting Hemmingway’s rules for writing.	I am considering adopting Hemingway’s rules for writing.
I don’t like following rules.	I don’t like following rules,
But I am having a lot of problems with my long English sentences.	but I am having a lot of problems with my long English sentences.
So I will just try.	So I will just try.
The first rule says, “Use short sentences.” Indeed I don’t have a particular problem with short sentences.	The first rule says, “Use short sentences.” I don’t have a particular problem with short sentences;
It is just that Spanish language tends to extend all the sentences.	it is just that sentences in Spanish tend to be long.
French does the same.	It's the same in French.
We just have to read García Márquez or Proust to check it out.	Just read García Márquez or Proust to see for yourself. 
I like long sentences.	I like long sentences,
But making them needs more proficiency in languages, because it is rather troublesome.	but making them requires greater language proficiency because it can be rather difficult.
It is because of the uses of relative clauses, conjunctions, and all that jazz.	It is because of the use of relative clauses, conjunctions, and all that jazz.
The second Hemmingway’s rule is, “Use short first paragraphs”.	Hemingway’s second rule is, “Use short first paragraphs”.
This sounds smart.	This sounds smart.
Short paragraphs are easier to read than long ones.	Short paragraphs are easier to read than long ones.
The third rule is, “Use vigorous English”.	The third rule is, “Use vigorous English”.
This rule is hard to apply.	This rule is hard to apply
Because it’s tough to say what vigorous English is.	because it’s tough to say what vigorous English is.
The number four is, “Be positive, not negative”.	The number four is, “Be positive, not negative”.
This rule can be truth.	This rule can be true at times.
This rule can be truth.	This rule can be valid.
However, sometimes being negative gives our text a beautiful tune.	However, sometimes being negative gives a somewhat beautiful feel to our text.
However, sometimes being negative gives our text a beautiful tune.	However, sometimes using negatives gives our text a beautiful cadence.
I find some rhythms in a double negative, “We don’t need no education,” for example.	I find some pleasant rhythms in double negatives, “We don’t need no education,” for example.
The fifth Hemmingway’s rule is the funniest, “Never have only 4 rules”.	Hemingway’s fifth rule is the funniest: “Never have only 4 rules”.
I hope becoming a better English writer following these rules.	I hope to become a better English writer following these rules.
If it is not the case, I will go back to my favorite long sentences.	If not, I will go back to my favorite long sentences.
Addition	Addition
When I am on my way to the university in the bus, I like to talk up about any issue in English.	While on my way to the university by bus, I like to talk about any issue in English.
This is just for keeping my practice.	This is just for keeping practice.
Today I tried to talk about math, but I realized that I didn’t now how to talk properly about math in English.	Today I tried to talk about math, but I realized that I didn’t know how to properly talk about math in English.
For that reason, when I came home, I decided to look for some math lessons for kids on the Internet.	For that reason, when I came home, I decided to look for some children's math lessons on the Internet.
When you are learning a language you are like a kid in all the way, I mean you must learn again everything you have learned until now in a different language.	When you are learning a language, you are like a kid in all ways. What I mean is, you must relearn everything you have learned until now but in a different language.
So, I dived right in math.	So, I dived right into math.
So, I dived right in math.	So, I dove right into math.
I studied some beginning addition lessons using sets in order to explain how it works.	I studied some beginning addition lessons using sets in order to explain how it works.
A neat way to teach kids how addition works is like this: get a yardstick and something to mark it, it could be a rock or a minute stick.	A neat way to teach kids how addition works is like this: get a yardstick and something to mark it, it could be a rock or a minute stick.
For doing, for example, 5+6, place the mark at the position of the yardstick with the number 5, and then move up 6 places (since it is plus 6).	For example, to add 5 + 6, place the mark at the position of the yardstick with the number 5, and then, move up 6 places (since it is plus 6).
Your final position should be at 11.	Your final position should be at 11.
So, 5+6=11.	So, 5 + 6 = 11.
Isn’t easy?	Isn’t it easy?
Cooking	Cooking
There is a kitchen in my house.	There is a kitchen in my house.
People use to cook there.	People used to cook there.
My house’s kitchen is small.	My house’s kitchen is small. These three sentences sound short and choppy. I would connect them, perhaps like, "The kitchen in my house is small." You probably don't need to mention that that is where you do the cooking- that's implied.
There is a refrigerator, an oven, a table, and that’s all.	There is only a refrigerator, an oven, and a table. 
I cook on weekdays and my mother does on weekends.	I cook on weekdays and my mother cooks on weekends.
I cook on weekdays and my mother does on weekends.	I cook on weekdays, and my mother cooks on weekends.
I’m pretty good at cooking; because I have been doing that, since I was a child	I’m pretty good at cooking because I have been doing it since I was young.
I enjoy cooking beans, which is a very popular food in my region.	I like to cook beans, a very popular food in my region.
There are a lot of families who eat beans every day.	There are many families who eat beans every day.
I think of the kitchen as a magic laboratory where magicians make their potions	I think of the kitchen as a magic laboratory where magicians make their potions.
The result and tools are different though.	The result and tools are different though.
To prepare a good food it is necessary to mix all the ingredients up in a proper and precise way.	To prepare a good meal, it is necessary to combine all the ingredients in a proper and precise way.
If you add too much salt, the potion-food will be horrible and won’t be able to feed us.	If you add too much salt, for example, the potion-food will be horrible and won’t be able to be eaten.
Making a poem or a piece of music is similar to cooking bread.	Making a poem or a piece of music is similar to cooking bread.
Yestarday	Yesterday
Yesterday, a friend of mine called on me.	Yesterday, a friend of mine visited me.
He showed up, because he wanted me to lend him a book.	He showed up, because he wanted me to lend him a book.
"Of course," I said.	"Of course," I said.
So he left my house with "Sidartha" in his hands.	So he left my house with "Siddhartha" in his hands.
Then I watched on TV the game of Chelse vs Inter.	Then I watched the Chelsea vs Inter game on TV.
I didn't like Inter, so I wanted Chelse to win.	I didn't like Inter, so I wanted Chelsea to win.
But unluckily Inter won.	But unfortunately Inter won.
I didn't like Inter because I think that it should play better with those skillful players that it has.	I didn't like Inter because I think that they should be able to play better with all those skillful players.
Then I began to read a little about Saussure, but I didn't get it.	Then I began to read a little about Saussure, but I didn't get it.
It is quite difficult to understand.	It is quite difficult to understand.
I went bed around 10 p.m. Bye.	I went to bed around 10 p.m. Bye.
Yesterday's chores	Yesterday's Chores
Yesterday was a busy day for me.	Yesterday was a busy day for me.
I worked all day.	I worked all day.
When I got up I thought I would be able to read "War and Peace" all day, as I am on vacation, but things were very different.	When I got up I thought I would be able to read "War and Peace" all day, as I am on vacation, but things went very different than I had planned.
You see, At 7:00 a.m. an uncle came home.	You see, At 7:00 a.m. my uncle came home.
My mother and he had set up a plan for doing some works on the house.	My mother and he had set up a plan for doing some work on the house.
My mother and he had set up a plan for doing some works on the house.	My mother and he had set up a plan for doing some work on the house, so I had to help my uncle.
So I had to help my uncle.	So I had to help my uncle.
We changed the baseboard of the house.	We changed all of the baseboards of the house.
Then in the afternoon, I went downtown with my mother in order to buy some presents for a mother's friend.	Then in the afternoon, I went downtown with my mother in order to buy some presents for my mother's friend.
"Some" is not o.	"Some" is not the correct word. I should have said "a lot".
k.	k.
I should have said "A lot".	I should have said "A lot".
I carried a big bag full of presents all over downtown.	I carried a big bag full of presents all over downtown.
Then we got the Transport Terminal, and sent the presents by bus.	Then we went to the Transport Terminal and sent the presents by bus.
At night I could finally read a couple pages of Tolstoy's prose.	That night I finally read a couple pages of Tolstoy's prose.
Cutting my hair	Cutting my Hair
Cutting my hair	Cutting My Hair
This week I cut my hair.	This week I cut my hair.
This week I cut my hair.	This week I cut my hair.
I was forced to because I don't like to.	I was forced to because I don't like to.
I was forced to because I don't like to.	I didn't want to; I was forced into it. Your original sentence gets the meaning across but is a bit awkward.
As you can look at my profile's picture, I have curly hair.	As you can see by looking at the photo of my profile, I have curly hair.
As you can look at my profile's picture, I have curly hair.	As you can see in my profile picture, I have curly hair.
I enjoyed a big deal to curl my hair all day while I am waiting for someone or something, or while I am thinking.	I enjoy curling my hair all day while I am waiting for someone or something, or while I am thinking.
I enjoyed a big deal to curl my hair all day while I am waiting for someone or something, or while I am thinking.	I really enjoyed playing with my hair all day while I was waiting for someone or something, or while I was thinking. I assume you mean playing with your hair here. "Curling" your hair means actually using a curling iron.
I enjoyed a big deal to curl my hair all day while I am waiting for someone or something, or while I am thinking.	I really enjoy playing with my hair while I am waiting, or while I am thinking. 
I guess it is just relaxing.	I guess it is just relaxing.
I guess it is just relaxing.	I guess it is just relaxing for me. Or, "I guess I just find it relaxing."
Members of my family are not happy with my haircut style because they think that my long hair is not that serious.	Members of my family are not happy with my haircut style because they think that my long hair is not in style.
Members of my family are not happy with my haircut style because they think that my long hair is not that serious.	Members of my family were not happy with my hairstyle because they think that long hair is improper.
Members of my family are not happy with my haircut style because they think that my long hair is not that serious.	My family is not happy with my hairstyle because they think that long hair does not look professional.  
So they got happy this week when they looked at me and my new hair style.	So they were happy this week when they looked at me and my new hair style.
So they got happy this week when they looked at me and my new hair style.	So they were happy this week when they saw me and my new haircut.
So they got happy this week when they looked at me and my new hair style.	So they were happy this week to see that I had gotten my hair cut.
When I used to have long hair, I steadily felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought same as Alice said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude."	When I used to have long hair, I felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought same as Alice when she said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude."
When I used to have long hair, I steadily felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought same as Alice said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude."	When I had long hair, I felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought the same as Alice when she said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude." Lol
When I used to have long hair, I steadily felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought same as Alice said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude."	When I had long hair, I felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought the same thing as Alice when she said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude."
The Gift of the Magi	The Gift of the Magi
I have just read the story "The Gift of the Magi" by O.	I have just read the story "The Gift of the Magi" by O'Henry.
Henry.	Henry.
I think it is a good story.	I think it is a good story.
I will say what it is about.	I will tell what it is about.
There is a married couple that loves each other.	There is a married couple who love each other.
It is Christmas and they are very poor, so they don't have enough money to buy each other a special present.	It is Christmas, and they are very poor, so they don't have enough money to buy each other a special present.
However each of them owns something very special: the man, a gold watch; the girl, her hair.	However, each of them owns something very special: the man, a gold watch, and the girl, her hair.
So things go a bit crazy.	So things get a bit crazy.
He sells his wath in order to buy a comb for her wife's hair, and she sells her hair according to buy a chain for his husband's watch.	He sells his watch in order to buy a comb for his wife's hair, and she sells her hair intending to buy a chain for her husband's watch.
So they learn that gifts are not the most important at Christmas.	So they learn that gifts are not the most important thing at Christmas.
Love is.	Love is.
Beyond limits of poetry and painting	Beyond the limits of poetry and painting
I am reading a book by Lessing.	I am reading a book by Lessing, entitled, 'Laocoon.'
Its title is "Laocoon".	Its title is "Laocoon."
Its title is "Laocoon".	Its title is "Laocoon".
This book analyse the relationship between poetry and painting.	The book analyzes the relationship between poetry and painting.
Sometimes they have similarities, and sometimes they are completely differents.	Sometimes they have similarities, and sometimes they are completely different.
Poetry is always dealing with passing of time, e.	Poetry is always dealing with the passing of time, i.
g.	e.
acctions through time.	actions through time.
On the other hand, in painting you cannot paint the time; the painter has to paint one static image, and what is most important in his pieces of art is the composition of the scene.	On the other hand, in painting you cannot paint time; the painter has to paint one static image, and what is most important in his or her pieces of art is the composition of the scene.
Other important aspect of poetry is that the poet can sing about visible and invisibles things.	Another important aspect of poetry is that the poet can write about both visible and invisible things.
But painters can only paint visible things.	But painters can only paint visible things.
They have to paint invisible things by symbols, such as clouds or other similar things.	They have to paint invisible things through symbols, such as clouds or other similar things.
Lessing explain these aspect through many examples in Greek literature and painting, especially Iliad by Homer.	Lessing explains these aspects through many examples from Greek literature and painting, especially the Iliad by Homer.
Lessing explain these aspect through many examples in Greek literature and painting, especially Iliad by Homer.	Lessing explains these aspects through many examples from Greek literature and painting, especially 'The Iliad' by Homer.
Back To The University	Back To The University
Classes in my university were restarted today.	Classes at my university restarted today.
The university was on strike for almost two months.	The university was on strike for almost two months.
Finally, the dean of the department of dentestry decided to resign.	Finally, the dean of the department of dentistry decided to resign.
So that the situation of the university is now normal.	So, the situation of the university is now back to normal.
As we have been about two months without classes, today everybody was kind of lazy.	Since we have been out of class for about two months, today everybody was kind of lazy.
When the French teacher asked us some questions in French, you had a tough time trying to answer, because we had forgetten so many things.	When the French teacher asked us some questions in French, we had a tough time trying to answer because we had forgotten so many things.
I even forgot how to say why in French.	I even forgot how to say why in French.
I mean I was unsure about using "Parce que" or "Pourquoi".	I mean, I was unsure about whether to use "Parce que" or "Pourquoi".
The class was interesting, we watched a video of Monet, the French painter.	The class was interesting; we watched a video about Monet, the French painter. 
We didn't have English class.	We didn't have English class.
It seems that the English teacher isn't aware that the strike is over.	It seems that the English teacher isn't aware that the strike is over.
That is why I have just sended a e-mail, in which I explain him the current situacion at the university.	That is why I have just sent him an e-mail explaining the current situation at the university.
That's all for today.	That's all for today.
See ya.	See ya.
operating systems	Operating Systems
Most people use Windows, which is the most popular operating system all over the world.	Most people use Windows, which is the most popular operating system all over the world.
However there are others operating systems and this is a fact that many users don’t know.	However there are many other operating systems, and this is a fact that many users don’t know.
Usually people buys a computer with Windows already installed on it, so they think Windows is the only operating system.	Usually people buy a computer with Windows already installed on it, so they think Windows is the only operating system.
That is not true.	That is not true.
There are more than one hundred operating systems and every operating system has his advantages and disadvantages.	There are more than one hundred operating systems and every operating system has its advantages and disadvantages.
However almost everyone use Windows.	However almost everyone uses Windows.
I want to present Linux as a better alternative than Windows.	I want to present Linux as a better alternative than Windows.
It is important to point out that Windows and Linux are different.	It is important to point out that Windows and Linux are different.
So you shouldn’t expect to find a button Start, or the same Control Panel with the same options.	So you shouldn’t expect to find a Start button, or the same Control Panel with the same options.
Usually you would complete all tasks you do on windows in a different way on Linux.	Usually you would complete all tasks you do using Windows in a different way using Linux.
They are sometimes similar but never equal.	They are sometimes similar but never exactly the same.
So you should be patient to learn a different way to do things.	So you should be patient while learning a different way to do things.
However you would be satisfied when you accomplish your learning.	However you would be satisfied when you accomplish your learning.
My Friend Richar	My Friend Richar
When I met Richard by chance at the airport last sunday, he was with his wife.	When I met Richard by chance at the airport last sunday, he was with his wife.
I hadn't seen him for ages, so I didn't know her.	I hadn't seen him for ages, so I didn't know her.
He had got married a year ago.	He got married a year ago.
Of course he introduced her.	Of course he introduced her and 
I found her very nice.	I found her very nice.
We all  had a long talk, you know, talking about the past, the present time, and of course, future projects.	We all had a long talk, you know, talking about the past, the present , and of course, future projects.
They seemed to be so happy that I was very happy too.	They seemed to be so happy that it made me very happy too. If I understand you correctly, this would work better. 
We said "good bye", promising to meet again very soon .	We said "good bye", promising to meet again very soon .
Going back to home, I thought she was the perfect wife for Richard, so that he could manage his terrible mood.	Going back home, I thought she was the perfect wife for Richard, and hoped that she could help him manage his terrible mood.
Nushu	Nushu
Two years ago I was working as an assistant Spanish teacher at my university.	Two years ago I was working as an assistant Spanish teacher at my university.
Every week the teacher gave the students some readings and they had to extract main idea sentences, topic sentences, and also summarize the texts.	Every week the teacher gave the students some readings, and they had to extract main idea sentences, topic sentences, and also summarize the texts.
Every week the teacher gave the students some readings and they had to extract main idea sentences, topic sentences, and also summarize the texts.	Every week the teacher gave the students some readings and they had to extract the main idea sentences and the topic sentences, as well as summarize the texts.
My duty was scoring all their works.	My duty was scoring all their work.
My duty was scoring all their works.	My job was to grade their work.
Most of the time, the readings were quite boring; however, once there was an interesting and good one.	Most of the time, the readings were quite boring; however, once there was a very interesting one. I feel that it's redundant to say "good," since this would already be captured with "interesting."
It was about the Nushu, a very recent extinct language spoken only for women.	It was about Nushu, a very recently extinct language spoken only by women. Or, "a language spoken only by women that very recently became extinct."
On September 23 of 2004, the old woman Yang Huanyi, the last person speaking that language, died; along with the language.	On September 23 of 2004, an old woman Yang Huanyi, the last person speaking that language, died, along with the language.
On September 23 of 2004, the old woman Yang Huanyi, the last person speaking that language, died; along with the language.	On September 23, 2004, Yang Huanyi, the last living speaker of the language, died, taking along with her "the link to what was likely the world's only female-specific language." I made up what's in between the quotation marks, but the sentence flows better with something like that.
The Nushu had created 1700 years ago for women and it had been passed from generation to generation.	Nushu had been created 1700 years ago for women, and it had been passed down from generation to generation.
The Nushu had created 1700 years ago for women and it had been passed from generation to generation.	Nushu was created 1700 years ago for women and was passed down from generation to generation. Or, "from one generation to the next." Never use an article before a language- never ever ever!!!
I would think about that language a great deal.	I used to think about that language a great deal. If you're going to use "would" to indicate the imperfect, you should provide a time reference to indicate this. Otherwise, it is easily confused with the conditional. "When I was in college, I would think..."
I thought that women could come closer each other thanks to that language.	It seemed to me that women could come closer to each other thanks to that private language. 
Humans are always creating signs: when we look, when we walk, when we just exist.	Humans are always creating signals: with our eyes, with our walks, and even with our simple existences.
All those signs are disperse all everywhere, although.	All those signs are dispersed everywhere, although.
All those signs are disperse all everywhere, although.	All those signals are dispersed everywhere, however. It seems to me that you frequently confuse "however" and "although."
To gather all that signs and be able to put them together in a coherent way by creating a language is such a great feat.	To gather all those signs and be able to put them together in a coherent way by creating a language is such a great feat.
To gather all that signs and be able to put them together in a coherent way by creating a language is such a great feat.	To gather all those signs and put them together in a coherent way by creating a language is a great feat. If you really want to emphasize it, you could say "a tremendous feat."
With Nushu women put men apart.	The Nushu women put men apart.
The language was a closed area only for women.	By creating a language that was a exclusively for women, the Nushu women effectively kept men out.
There was not a doorway for men.	Since the women kept the language a secret, there was no way in for men.
However it seems that men haven’t learned their lesson yet.	However, it seems that men haven’t learned their lesson yet. What lesson? This sounds like an accusation, but I don't see what you're accusing them of.
To create a language means that beings who comprehend it can come closer, but it also means moving away those who can’t understand its signs.	To create a language means that those who comprehend it can come closer to each other, but it also means isolating those who can’t understand its signals.
I think of lovers, for example.	I think of lovers, for example.
They can create a language that only they can understand, and nobody else in the world can come closer than they already are.	They can create a language that only they can understand, and nobody else in the world can gain access to that private intimacy.
All the people are beyond the bounds they create.	Everyone else is outside of the boundaries they create.
However like Nushu, a language that has died, many loves die too.	However, like Nushu, a language that has died, many loves die too.
I have three languages right now: Spanish, English, and my lover and I’s language.	I know three languages right now: Spanish, English, and my lover and my language.
I have three languages right now: Spanish, English, and my lover and I’s language.	I have three languages right now: Spanish, English, and the private language I share with my lover.
I care about those languages, I am always learning new things, and the more important thing for preventing the extinction of a language, I am always creating new words in those languages.	I care about those languages; I am always learning new things, and I am always creating new words in those languages, which is the most important thing for preventing the extinction of a language.
I care about those languages, I am always learning new things, and the more important thing for preventing the extinction of a language, I am always creating new words in those languages.	Because I care about those languages, I am always learning new things and - the most important thing for preventing the extinction of a language - I am always creating new words in those languages.
I love my three languages; I will keep on speaking them, and learning them.	I love my three languages; I will keep on speaking them and learning them.
I love my three languages; I will keep on speaking them, and learning them.	I love my three languages. I will keep on speaking them and learning them. The ending seems a little abrupt... seems like you could add something as a flourish to add balance and wrap up your essay.
Vacation	Vacation
I'm on vacation, but unfortunately it is going to finish very soon.	I'm on vacation, but unfortunately it is going to end very soon.
I feel that I didn't enjoy enough the vacation.	I feel like I haven't enjoyed my vacation enough.
There are mainly two reasons for that: firstly, I had to work almost all vacation as an assistant teacher; secondly, my father became sick, and it was necessary to take him to the hospital.	There are mainly two reasons for this: first, I had to work almost all through my vacation as an assistant teacher; and secondly, my father became sick and had to be taken to the hospital.
He stayed there for around five days, and at that time, while I went to visit him, I became sick too.	He stayed there for around five days, and when I went to visit him, I became sick too.
So I spent around three days in bed.	So I spent around three days in bed.
My vacation finishes next tuesday, and I want a little more.	My vacation ends next Tuesday, but I want a little more time.
Besides I'm behind with some readings, and I want to finish them.	Besides, I'm behind with some readings and I want to finish them.
The path	The path
The path from my house to the university is very peaceful.	The path from my house to the university is very peaceful.
Sometimes I sit down outside only to watch the people passing by.	Sometimes I sit down outside only to watch the people passing by.
And in an hour, only two or three persons cross it.	And in an hour, only two or three persons cross it. Technically, there's nothing wrong with 'persons,' but most people would use 'people.' 
Cars never pass.	Cars never pass.
It is my favorite place to read.	It is my favorite place to read.
Cultivation	Cultivation
John abandoned the city, and moved into his farm.	John abandoned the city and moved into his farm.
There, he found a lot of adversities: a lot of rats aggregated very fast, and damaged his crops.	There, he encountered many adversities, including a pack of rats that grew very quickly and damaged his crops.
He decided to posion them.	He decided to poison them.
John enjoyed cultivating tomatoes.	John enjoyed cultivating tomatoes.
He fertilized them more than any other crop.	He fertilized them more than any other crop.
Each month, he intensified the amount of fertilizers for his crops.	Each month, he increased the amount of fertilizer for his crops.
This way, he obtained better vegetables.	By doing this, he obtained better vegetables.
Not only fertilizers, but also precipitation aided to cultivation.	In addition to the fertilizer precipitation also aided to cultivation.
Idioms with "Bird"	Idioms with "Bird"
Today, I studied a lesson on the internet.	Today, I studied a lesson on the Internet.
It was about some idioms with the word “bird”.	It was about some idioms that use the word “bird”.
The first idiom was, “A little bird told me”.	The first idiom was, “A little bird told me”.
This expression is used when we don’t want to tell somebody who told us some information.	This expression is used when we don’t want to disclose who told us some personal information.
In Spanish this expression is quite similar, I mean, we also say, “Un pájaro me lo dijo”.	In Spanish this expression is quite similar, I mean, we also say, “Un pájaro me lo dijo”.
The second expression was, “You eat like a bird”.	The second expression was, “You eat like a bird”.
This expression is used to express that somebody doesn’t eat too much.	This expression is used to express that somebody doesn’t eat much.
In Spanish it’s the same since we say, “come como un pajarito”.	In Spanish it’s the same since we say, “come como un pajarito”.
The third expression was, “The early bird gets the worm”.	The third expression was, “The early bird gets the worm”.
This expression means that the first one doing something will get obtain a benefit or something.	This expression means that the one who arrives to an opportunity first is the one most likely to obtain a benefit
In Spanish it’s completely different as we say, “Al que madruga, Dios le ayuda”	In Spanish it’s completely different as we say, “Al que madruga, Dios le ayuda”.
The fourth expression was, “A bird in the hand is better than 2 in the bush”.	The fourth expression was, “A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush”.
It means it’s better to have something for sure than to possibly have something better in the future.	It means it’s better to have something for sure than to expect to get something better in the future.
In Spanish we say, “Mejor pájaro en mano que ciento volando”.	In Spanish we say, “Mejor pájaro en mano que ciento volando”.
We just exaggerate a little as we use the number “100” instead of “2”.	We just exaggerate a little as we use the number “100” instead of “2”.
The last expression was, “To kill 2 birds with 1 stone”.	The last expression was, “To kill 2 birds with 1 stone”.
It means to obtain two benefits with only one action.	It means to obtain two benefits with only one action.
In Spanish we say, “matar dos pájaros de un solo tiro”.	In Spanish we say, “matar dos pájaros de un solo tiro”.
Final Fantasy X	Final Fantasy X
When I was a child videogames was one of my hobbies that I enjoyed the most.	When I was a child videogames was one of my hobbies that I enjoyed the most.
When I had a NES, my favorite game was Mario.	When I had a NES, my favorite game was Mario.
It was amazing, jumping over the Koopas and all, rescuing Princess and Toad, defeating Bowser.	It was amazing, jumping over the Koopas and all, rescuing Princess and Toad, and  defeating Bowser.
I thought I never would find another video game as amazing as Mario.	I thought I would never would find another video game as amazing as Mario.
I thought I never would find another video game as amazing as Mario.	I thought I never would find another video game as amazing as Mario.
But I was wrong, I realized that when I play Metroid III in the SNES.	But I was wrong, I realized this when I played Metroid III on the SNES.
Metroid was more amazing than Mario.	Metroid was more amazing than Mario.
Because in Metroid there is a more complex story, and the action is crazy, and it is terrific looking for the correct way, and improving the skills or the main character.	This is because in Metroid, there is a more complex story, the action is crazy and it is terrific looking. You can also improve your skills or the main character.
In PSOne, I had many loves, but specially two, "Parasite eve II" and "Final Fantasy VII".	On PSOne, I had many loves, but specially two, "Parasite eve II" and "Final Fantasy VII".
In PSOne, I had many loves, but specially two, "Parasite eve II" and "Final Fantasy VII".	On PSOne, I had many loves.  But there were two special ones: "Parasite eve II" and "Final Fantasy VII".
Those are games with I spent a lot of time of entertainment.	Those are games with which I spent a lot of time entertained.
Those are games with I spent a lot of time of entertainment.	I spent a lot of time being entertained by these games.
I was far from videogames by many years, because you know, studying, working, reading.	I was away from videogames by many years, because you know, studying, working, reading.
I was far from videogames by many years, because you know, studying, working, reading.	I didn't play video games for many years because you know, studying, working and reading.
But, one moth ago, a friend of mine lent me a PS2.	But one month ago, a friend of mine lent me his/her PS2.
The first videogame I thought was "Final Fantasy X".	The first videogame I thought of was "Final Fantasy X".
The first videogame I thought was "Final Fantasy X".	The first videogame I played was "Final Fantasy X".
I bought it, and now I am playing.	I bought it and now I am playing it.
I would say that it is not that good as FF VII or Metroid, but it is a great game.	I would say that it is not as good as FF VII or Metroid, but it is a great game.
I would say that it is not that good as FF VII or Metroid, but it is a great game.	I would say that it is not as good as FF VII or Metroid but it is a great game.
I fell in love with some characters, especially with Lulu, because I like her personality, and Yuna, because she is so nice.	I fell in love with some characters.  Especially Lulu because I like her personality.  Also Yuna because she is so nice.
I have played around twenty hours with the game.	I have played around twenty hours with this game.
I recommed you FF X.	I recommend FF X to you.
I recommed you FF X.	I recommend to you FF X.
About Extra Textual Analysis	About Extra Textual Analysis
Performing extra textual analysis on a text is fundamental in both translation of natural sciences texts and social sciences texts.	Performing extra textual analysis on a text is fundamental in translation of both natural sciences texts and social sciences texts.
Performing extra textual analysis on a text is fundamental in both translation of natural sciences texts and social sciences texts.	Performing extra textual analysis on a text is fundamental in both translation of natural sciences and social sciences texts.
Extra textual analysis is a powerful and essential tool for fulfilling a fine translation of a given text, since before of translating a text it is necessary to understand it.	Extra textual analysis is a powerful and essential tool for doing an accurate translation of a given text because it is necessary to understand a text prior to translating it. 
Extra textual analysis is a powerful and essential tool for fulfilling a fine translation of a given text, since before of translating a text it is necessary to understand it.	Extra textual analysis is a powerful and essential tool for fulfilling a fine translation of a given text, since before translating a text it is necessary to understand it.
It can not be said that extra textual analysis is more complex in one type of text than in the other one.	It cannot be said that extra textual analysis is more complex in one of these types of text than in the other .
It can not be said that extra textual analysis is more complex in one type of text than in the other one.	It can not be said that extra textual analysis is more complex in one type of text than inanother one.
In both of the two types of texts is presented a rich amount of extra textual information such as cultural aspects or relationships among the different fields of the science.	A rich amount of extra textual information such as cultural aspects and relationships among the different fields of the science is found in both types of texts.
In both of the two types of texts is presented a rich amount of extra textual information such as cultural aspects or relationships among the different fields of the science.	In both of the two types of texts, a rich amount of extra textual information is presented, such as cultural aspects or relationships among the different fields of the science. This sentence is a bit of a problem for clarity of understanding.
For example, in the paper, “Salvador Dalí or the Persistence of Memories –True and False”, it is vital to be aware of who Sigmund Freud, André Breton and Federico García Lorca were, besides it is important to posses a knowledge of the Surrealist Movement, since Dalí was one its main members.	For example, in the paper “Salvador Dalí or the Persistence of Memories –True and False,” it is crucial to be aware of who Sigmund Freud, André Breton and Federico García Lorca were. It is also important to possess a knowledge of the Surrealist Movement, since Dalí was one its main members.
For example, in the paper, “Salvador Dalí or the Persistence of Memories –True and False”, it is vital to be aware of who Sigmund Freud, André Breton and Federico García Lorca were, besides it is important to posses a knowledge of the Surrealist Movement, since Dalí was one its main members.	For example, in the paper, “Salvador Dalí or the Persistence of Memories –True and False”, it is vital to be aware of who Sigmund Freud, André Breton and Federico García Lorca were; besides it is important to posses a knowledge of the Surrealist Movement since Dalí was one its main members.
To understand and then translate this article it is necessary to know about Dalí personality which was always very close to his pieces of work.	To be able to understand and translate this article it is necessary to know about Dalí's personality, which was always very closely tied to his work.
To understand and then translate this article it is necessary to know about Dalí personality which was always very close to his pieces of work.	To understand and then translate this article it is necessary to know about Dalí's personality, which was always very close to his pieces of work.
If you misunderstand what the author are saying, then some mistakes in the translation could appear.	If you misunderstand what the author is saying, mistakes will likely be made in the translation. 
If you misunderstand what the author are saying, then some mistakes in the translation could appear.	If you misunderstand what the author is saying, then some mistakes in the translation could appear.
In the text, “Cloning Protocol of Aloe Vera as a Study-Case for ‘Tailor-Made’ Biotechnology to Small Farmers”, the translator should be aware of some fields of the biology as biotechnology and cloning.	In the text, “Cloning Protocol of Aloe Vera as a Case Study for ‘Tailor-Made’ Biotechnology to Small Farmers,” the translator should be aware of some fields of biology such as biotechnology and cloning.
In the text, “Cloning Protocol of Aloe Vera as a Study-Case for ‘Tailor-Made’ Biotechnology to Small Farmers”, the translator should be aware of some fields of the biology as biotechnology and cloning.	In the text, “Cloning Protocol of Aloe Vera as a Study-Case for ‘Tailor-Made’ Biotechnology to Small Farmers”, the translator should be aware of some the fields of biology, such as biotechnology and cloning.
It is not enough to translate what an author says in his text, the translator should be a kind of erudite and know the relationships among the text he is translating and other similar texts.	It is not enough to merely translate what an author says in his text. The translator must understand the relationships among the text he is translating and other similar texts.
It is not enough to translate what an author says in his text, the translator should be a kind of erudite and know the relationships among the text he is translating and other similar texts.	It is not enough to translate what an author says in his text.The translator should be a kind of an erudite and know the relationships between the text he is translating and other similar texts.
Getting a job	Getting a job
Getting a job could be troublesome.	Finding a job can be troublesome.
Sometimes you get what you are not interested in.	Sometimes you find what you are not interested in.
I have been looking for a job quite a long time, and I haven't gotten anything.	I have been looking for a job quite a long time, and I haven't found anything.
I have been looking for a job quite a long time, and I haven't gotten anything.	I have been looking for a job for quite a long time, and I still haven't found anything.
I would like any kind of teaching job, for example, in maths or computers.	I would like a teaching job, such as math or one involving computers.
I would like any kind of teaching job, for example, in maths or computers.	I would like any kind of teaching job, for example, in maths or computers. "Maths" is British, just so you're aware.
What I dislike the most about getting a job are interviews, because I have to cut my hair —and I don't like it—, and dress in uncomfortable clothes.	What I dislike the most about getting a job are the interviews, because I have to cut my hair, and I don't like hair cuts. I also do not like dressing in uncomfortable clothes.
What I dislike the most about getting a job are interviews, because I have to cut my hair —and I don't like it—, and dress in uncomfortable clothes.	What I dislike the most about getting a job is the interview, because I have to cut my hair and dress in uncomfortable clothes.
And sometimes you have to pretend to be what you are not.	And sometimes you have to pretend to be what you are not.
I like teaching a lot because I think they achieve an important labor: making (or forming, I dunno) the men and women of the future.	I like teaching because it forms the men and women of the future generations. 
And my favorite day of the week is…	And my favorite day of the week is…
Every day of the week has a different color, a different smell, a different god	Each day of the week has a different color, a different smell, a different god.
The sky of a Monday looks different from that of a Saturday.	The sky of a Monday looks different from that of a Saturday.
Sometimes I would like to be like Funes the memorious to be able to remember all days I have lived in my life with all its particular nuances.	Sometimes I wish I were like Borges' Funes; the memorious to be able to remember all the days I have lived in my life with all of their particular nuances.
Was it raining the day I was born?	Was it raining the day I was born?
How many stairs were in the sky on the starriest night I have ever seen?	How many stars were in the sky on the starriest night I have ever seen?
I know that in Hinduism, each day of the week is devoted to a particular god.	I know that in Hinduism, each day of the week is devoted to a particular god.
Sunday, for example, is the most popular, is dedicated to the Sun God.	Sunday, for example,the most popular, is dedicated to the Sun God.
I am not Hinduism, but I have a particular meaning for the days too.	I am not Hindu, but I also have a personal meaning for the days.
I met my girlfriend on a Friday night whose the sky was more beautiful than ever, that is why Friday is devoted to starry nights.	I met my girlfriend on a Friday night whose sky was more beautiful than ever. For that reason, Friday is devoted to starry nights.
I start dating my girlfriend on a Saturday; that is why this day came to mean rebirthing.	I started dating my girlfriend on a Saturday; that is why this day has come to mean rebirth.
Sunday is once more the Sun God, because it always has a promise within it; a brilliant promise.	Sunday is once more the Sun God because it always contains a promise within it, a brilliant promise.
Monday is the day of the moon, because I howl at the moon like a wolf, begging for my dreams come real.	Monday is the day of the moon because I howl at the moon like a wolf, begging for my dreams to come true.
I would like to get marry on a Wednesday, because it is in the middle of the week, and that special day will divide life in two parts.	I would like to get married on a Wednesday because it is in the middle of the week, and that special day will divide my life in two parts.
I will tell later on about Tuesday and Thursday.	I will tell about Tuesday and Thursday later on.
They are so similar, that I get a little confused.	They are so similar that I get a little confused.
Wuthering Heights' Chapter 12	Wuthering Heights' Chapter 12
I read Wuthering Height' Chapter 12.	I read Wuthering Heights' chapter 12.
It is about Miss Isabella.	It is about Miss Isabella.
She has become a woman now.	She has become a woman now.
She is eighteen, and for an unknown reason, she has being fighting with Cathy.	She is eighteen and for some unknown reason, she has been fighting with Cathy.
Cathy asks her for that actitude to her.	Cathy asks Miss Isabella why she has this attitude towards her.
Miss Isabella confesses her love for Heathcliff and acuse Cathy of being a selfish thing for want Heathcliff for her too.	Miss Isabella confesses her love for Heathcliff and accuses Cathy of being a selfish thing for wanting Heathcliff for herself.
Seeing that, Cathy warns Miss Isabella to not love Heathcliff, because of his the real nature.	So next, Cathy warns Miss Isabella to not love Heathcliff because of his real nature.
She tells her that Heathcliff is only behind of her money.	She tells her that Heathcliff is only interested in her money.
Of course, Miss Isabella doesn't believe in Cathy's words.	Of course, Miss Isabella doesn't believe in Cathy's words.
In the next Heathcliff's visit, Cathy reveals Heathcliff Miss Isabella's feelings, by telling him that the young lady is very fond of him.	During Heathcliff's next visit, Cathy reveals to Heathcliff of Miss Isabella's feelings by telling him that the young lady is very fond of him.
Colombia	Colombia
I live in Colombia, which is a country in South America.	I live in Colombia, which is a country in South America.
It is the only country in South America that touches both oceans: Atlantic and Pacific.	It is the only country in South America that touches both oceans: Atlantic and Pacific.
The capital city of Colombia is Bogotá.	The capital city of Colombia is Bogotá.
Other importants cities are Medellín, Barranquilla and Calí.	Other important cities are Medellín, Barranquilla and Calí.
Other importants cities are Medellín, Barranquilla and Calí.	Other important cities are Medellín, Barranquilla and Calí.
People in Colombia speaks Spanish, however there are around 65 native american languages.	People in Colombia speak Spanish, however there are around 65 Native American languages.
People in Colombia speaks Spanish, however there are around 65 native american languages.	People in Colombia speaks Spanish, however there are around 65 native american languages. In English, "people" is singular, so "people...speak".
The Rain	Rain
It rained a great deal yesterday in the night.	It rained a great deal last night.
It is neat when you fall asleep with the music of the raindrops in your ears.	It is neat when you fall asleep to the sound of raindrops.
When I was young I used to live in a farm and loved when it was raining cats and dogs.	When I was young I lived on a farm and loved when it was raining cats and dogs. "raining cats and dogs" is correct, but it sounds kind of awkward here...I'd say "loved it when it rained."
When I was young I used to live in a farm and loved when it was raining cats and dogs.	When I was young I used to live in a farm and loved when it was raining cats and dogs.
I used to sing a song with my sister.	I used to sing a song with my sister.
It was something like, “Que llueve, que llueve, la virgen de la cueva, los pajaritos cantan…” I wonder if there is a children’s song for the rain in English.	It went something like, “Que llueve, que llueve, la virgen de la cueva, los pajaritos cantan…” I wonder if there is a children’s song for the rain in English.
I woke up this morning and it was still raining.	I woke up this morning and it was still raining.
I like the smell of this morning.	I like this morning's smell.
I like the smell of this morning.	I like the smell of this morning. I think that both ways sound fine.
It is a damp odor.	It is a damp odor.
When it rains very hard, the day has a smooth sadness within, and I enjoy it.	When it rains very hard, the day contains a smooth sadness , and I enjoy it.
I talk about the poetic side of the rain, but of course I am aware that the rain is not always poetic.	I talk about the poetic side of rain, but of course I am aware that rain is not always poetic.
I mean, many people suffer because of the rain.	I mean, many people suffer because of rain.
I am talking about farmers whom crops are ruined because of the rain.	I am talking about farmers whose crops are ruined because of the rain.
I am talking about farmers whom crops are ruined because of the rain.	I am talking about farmers whose crops are ruined because of excessive rain.
But at the same time, I think that their crops can grow (/are possible) because of the rain.	But at the same time, I think that their crops are only able to grow because of the rain.
Also many people lost their homes because of the flooding caused by the rain.	Also, many people lost their homes because of flooding caused by the rain.
I guess that everything in this world has to be balanced.	I guess that everything in this world has to be balanced.
Neither too many nor very few is good.	Neither too much nor too few is good.
Neither too many nor very few is good.	Neither too much nor too little is good.
Klimt	Klimt
Today, I watched a documentary called "Private Life of a Masterpiece".	Today, I watched a documentary called the "Private Life of a Masterpiece".
It was about The Kiss of Gustave klimt.	It was about "The Kiss" by Gustave Klimt.
What I like the most about Klimt's pictures is color.	What I like the most about Klimt's pictures is the color.I added "the" to emphasize the particular attribute of color. Even better would be:What I like the most about Klimt's pictures is his use of color.
It is said that "The Kiss" of Gustave klimt is one of the masterpiece with more merchandise in the history.	It is said that "The Kiss" by Gustave Klimt is one of the masterpieces with the most merchandise in history.
It was painted in the golden period of the author.	It was painted in the golden period of the author.
The painting is about a kiss between two lovers.	The painting is about a kiss between two lovers.
The woman is on her knees, and you may think that the man is in the same position.	The woman is on her knees, and you may think that the man is in the same position.
They both are covered by golden clothes.	They both are covered by golden clothes.
It is important to point out the fact that the woman's hair is red.	It is important to point out the fact that the woman's hair is red.
It looks that Klimt loved women with red hairs, and many of his paintings are filled with them.	It looks like Klimt loved women with red hair, and many of his paintings are filled with them.Even better would be:It looks like Klimt loved women with red hair, and many of his paintings feature them.
Tidy and Untidy	Tidy and Untidy
I live in a apartament with my mother and my sister.	I live in an apartment with my mother and sister.
I have a brother though, but he is now married and lives with his wife.	I have a brother, but he is married and now lives with his wife.
I have a brother though, but he is now married and lives with his wife.	I have a brother to, but he is now married and lives with his wife.
My father lives in a farm far away from city.	My father lives on a farm far away from the city.
Well, living with my sister is a little bit hard, since I'm very messy and my sister wants everything to be clean and tidy.	Well, living with my sister is a little bit hard. I'm very messy and my sister wants everything to be clean and tidy.
As a result,  we are always fighting each other.	As a result,  we are always fighting each other.
I don't have problems with my mother because she is more relaxed than my sister	I don't have problems with my mother because she is more relaxed than my sister.
Actually my mother is untidy too.	Actually, my mother is untidy too.
Every time that I look for you, you are not here (UPDATED)	Every time that I look for you, you are not here (UPDATED)
Sure, art can be like life.	Sure, art can be like life.
One can find art everywhere: things made by human beings, things made by nature, or things made by god.	One can find art everywhere: in things made by human beings, things made by nature, or things made by God.
Art is so immense and ungraspable and ineffable.	Art is so immense and ungraspable and ineffable.
When art is present in a novel or in a short story, it is something created by a mind, it is something that has to do with imagination (even if it is based in reality).	When art is present in a novel or short story, it is something created by a mind, something that has to do with imagination (even if it is based on reality).
Sure, art can be like life.	Sure, art can be like life.
I can find a good example with photography.	I can find a good example with photography.
I lucubrate sometimes about how it is possible for art to manifest within a picture.	I sometimes contemplate how it is possible for art to manifest within a picture.
The picture is something that was “true”.	The picture is something that was “true”.
The art is possible mainly because of two things: the composition of the scene and the eye of the camera.	The art is possible mainly because of two things: the composition of the scene and the eye of the camera.
The eye of the camera is nothing more than the eye of the artist, the eye of a person.	The eye of the camera is nothing more than the eye of the artist, the eye of a person.
Life can be lived in just one way.	Life can be lived in just one way.
How can you like an artistic life?	How can you live an artistic life?
Can a hog live an artistic life?	Can a hog live an artistic life?
Let’s imagine a big hog.	Let’s imagine a big hog.
Well, it is a creature of god, and it is wonderful; he likes to be inside the mud, everyone knows that.	Well, it is a creature of God, and it is wonderful; it likes to wallow in mud, as we all know.
Now, while the hog is swimming in the mud, let’s take some pictures of it.	Now, while the hog is playing in the mud, let’s take some pictures of it.
One of those pictures will show half of the hog, and instead of the other half, it could be present the space which it is looking at.	One of those pictures will show half of the hog, and instead of the other half, maybe the space that it is looking at will be present. I'm not sure what "it" refers to. 
Another picture can be a complete picture of the hog.	Another picture could be a complete picture of the hog.
It could be also a picture taken from the sky that will show the entire mud that is surrounding it.	There could also be a picture taken from the sky that will show all the mud that is surrounding it.
One taken from above will show a powerful hog and a beautiful blue sky.	One taken from below will show a powerful hog and a beautiful blue sky.
You get the point; there are lots of pictures of the hog; and there was just a single fact (inspiration): a hog in the mud.	You get the point; there are lots of pictures of the hog; and there was just a single fact (inspiration): a hog in the mud.
Life is like that big hog.	Life is like that big hog.
It can be in a mud or it can be with a sky.	It can be shown with either mud or sky as its background.
It all depends on how we perceive it.	It all depends on how we perceive it.
We should be artists with our own lives.	We should be artists with our own lives.
You should take out time looking for the best angle to see this world and our lives; you should take some time to make a proper composition of life with things that we have at hand.	You should take the time to look for the best angle to see this world and our lives; you should take some time to make a proper composition of life with the things that we all have at hand.
You don’t need to go to Egypt to take a good picture of the hog accompanied by a pyramid.	You don’t need to go to Egypt to take a good picture of the hog accompanied by a pyramid.
No, you can take a good picture of it in the mud.	No, you can take a good picture of it in the mud.
Be an artist.	Be an artist.
Look from a proper angle.	Look from a proper angle.
Take good picture of your life.	Take good pictures of your life.
Every now and then, save one of them in an album; and show that beautiful collection of memories to your sons and grandsons, sitting on a sofa where you be and old man.	Every now and then, save one of them in an album and show that beautiful collection of memories to your children and grandchildren, sitting on a sofa as an old man.
Greek Literature	Greek Literature
Hello everyone.	Hello everyone.
Yesterday, I began to study greek literature.	Yesterday, I began to study Greek literature.
I decided to start with Aeschylus, because he one of the fisrt playwrights.	I decided to start with Aeschylus, because he is one of the first playwrights.
At the library I found the complete theatre book of the author.	At the library I found a book containing the complete plays by this author.
It seems the book will be amazing.	It seems that this book will be amazing.
There are some well-known tragedies within it, like Agamemnon and Prometheus Bound.	There are some well-known tragedies within it, like Agamemnon and Prometheus Bound.
I think that greek literature is amazing, as they invented literature, and it is very important in order to understand the subsequent literature.	I think that Greek literature is amazing, as they invented literature, and it is very important in order to understand the subsequent literature.
It is an universally truth that many cultures and literatures take something from Homer or Hesiod and all.	It is a universally accepted truth that many cultures and literatures take something from Homer or Hesiod.
After reading Aeschylus, I will go on with Sophocles.	After reading Aeschylus, I will read Sophocles.
Amazed by Juan Rulfo	Amazed by Juan Rulfo
Amazed by Juan Rulfo	Amazed by Juan Rulfo
Amazed by Juan Rulfo	Amazed by Juan Rulfo
Amazed by Juan Rulfo	Amazed by Juan Rulfo
Gabriel García Márquez	Gabriel García Márquez
The day I discovered Juan Rulfo will be, without any doubts, a main chapter in my memories, as the day I discovered Franz Kafka.	The day I discovered Juan Rulfo will be, without any doubts, a main chapter in my memories, as the day I discovered Franz Kafka.
The day I discovered Juan Rulfo will be, without any doubts, a main chapter in my memories, as the day I discovered Franz Kafka.	The day I discovered Juan Rulfo will be, without a doubt, a main chapter in my memories. This is because it was the day I discovered Franz Kafka.
I will tell the story.	I will tell the story.
I had arrived to México the same day that Ernest Hemingway killed himself with a gun’s shot, on July 2, 1961; and I have to admit that I hadn’t read Rulfo’s books yet, and what’s more I hadn’t even heard anything about him.	I had arrived in México the same day that Ernest Hemingway killed himself with a gun, on July 2, 1961. I have to admit that I hadn’t read Rulfo’s books yet, and what’s more I hadn’t even heard anything about him.
I lived in an apartment, without elevator, on Renán Street, in Anzures colony.	I lived in an apartment, without elevator, on Renán Street in Anzures colony.
I lived in an apartment, without elevator, on Renán Street, in Anzures colony.	I lived in an apartment without an elevator on Renán Street, in the Anzures colony.
We had a double matrix on the floor in the main dormitory, a cradle in the other room, and a table in the living room, with only two chairs that were useful for all, where I ate and wrote.	We had a double matrix on the floor in the main dormitory, a cradle in the other room, and a table in the living room with only two chairs that were useful. That is where I ate and wrote.
We had a double matrix on the floor in the main dormitory, a cradle in the other room, and a table in the living room, with only two chairs that were useful for all, where I ate and wrote.	We had a double matrix on the floor in the main dormitory, a cradle in the other room, and also a table in the living room where I ate and wrote. Altogether, there were only two chairs which were used in all the rooms.
I was 32 years old.	I was 32 years old.
I had made a brief journalist career in Colombia.	I had a brief career as a journalist in Colombia.
I had just stayed three useful and hard years in Paris, and eight months in New York.	I had just stayed three useful and hard years in Paris, and eight months in New York.
I had just stayed three useful and hard years in Paris, and eight months in New York.	I had just stayed three beneficial but challenging years in Paris, and eight months in New York.
In that moment, I just wanted to write movie scripts in Mexico.	In that moment, I just wanted to write movie scripts in Mexico.
In that moment, I just wanted to write movie scripts in Mexico.	At that time, I just wanted to write movie scripts in Mexico.
The atmosphere literary in Mexico in those days were very similar to Colombia´s; and I felt great among them.	The literary atmosphere in Mexico in those days was very similar to Colombia´s, and I felt great among them.
The atmosphere literary in Mexico in those days were very similar to Colombia´s; and I felt great among them.	The literary atmosphere in Mexico in those days was very similar to Colombia´s, and I felt great among them.
Six years before I had published my first novel, “The Leaf Storm”, and I also had three unpublished books: “No One Writes to the Colonel”, that appeared in that time in Colombia, “In Evil Hour”, that was published by Era Editorial, later by Vicente Rojo; and finally a short stories collection, “Big Mama’s Funeral”.	Six years before I had published my first novel, “The Leaf Storm”, and I also had three unpublished books: “No One Writes to the Colonel”, that appeared at that time in Colombia, “In Evil Hour”, that was published by Era Editorial, later by Vicente Rojo, and finally a short stories collection, “Big Mama’s Funeral”.
Six years before I had published my first novel, “The Leaf Storm”, and I also had three unpublished books: “No One Writes to the Colonel”, that appeared in that time in Colombia, “In Evil Hour”, that was published by Era Editorial, later by Vicente Rojo; and finally a short stories collection, “Big Mama’s Funeral”.	Six years before I had published my first novel, “The Leaf Storm”, and I also had three unpublished books: “No One Writes to the Colonel”, that appeared in that time in Colombia. “In Evil Hour”, that was published by Era Editorial, later by Vicente Rojo; and also a collection of short stories , “Big Mama’s Funeral”.
So I was a writer with five underground books, but it was not my real problem, since I hadn’t became a writer in order to become famous, but to be loved by my friends a little more.	So I was a writer with five underground books, but that was not my real problem, since I hadn’t became a writer in order to become famous, but in order to be loved by my friends a little more.
So I was a writer with five underground books, but it was not my real problem, since I hadn’t became a writer in order to become famous, but to be loved by my friends a little more.	So I was a writer with five underground books. However, this was not a real problem for me because I hadn’t become a writer in order to become famous, but to be loved by my friends a little more.
I thought that I had already achieved that.	I thought that I had already achieved that.
I thought that I had already achieved that.	I thought I had already achieved that.
My big problem as a novelist was that after those books I felt to be in a blind alley.	My big problem as a novelist was that after those books I felt like I was in a blind alley.
I was looking everywhere how to escape from that.	I was looking everywhere how to escape from that. "...everywhere for a way or means to escape..."
I already knew those good and bad authors that could have teach me something, and, I felt spinning in concentric circles, although.	I already knew those good and bad authors that could have taught me something, and, I felt like I was spinning.
I didn’t consider myself exhausted; on the contrary, I felt that I still had to write many additional books.	I didn’t consider myself exhausted; on the contrary, I felt that I still had to write many additional books.
It was just that I hadn’t found a convenient and poetic way to write them.	It was just that I hadn’t found a convenient and poetic way to write them.
I was that way, when Álvaro Mutis went upstairs seven floors to my apartment with a box full of books.	I was that way when Álvaro Mutis went upstairs seven floors to my apartment with a box full of books.
I was that way, when Álvaro Mutis went upstairs seven floors to my apartment with a box full of books.	I was feeling this way when Álvaro Mutis went upstairs seven floors to my apartment with a box full of books.
He looked inside for the smallest one and gave it to me and told me with a smile on his face, “Read this thing, so that you can learn how to write”.	He looked inside for the smallest one and gave it to me and told me with a smile on his face, “Read this thing, so that you can learn how to write”.
He looked inside for the smallest one and gave it to me and told me with a smile on his face, “Read this thing, so that you can learn how to write”.	He looked inside the box for the smallest one and gave it to me, telling me with a smile on his face, “Read this thing, so that you can learn how to write”.
It was “Pedro Páramo” by Juan Rulfo.	It was “Pedro Páramo” by Juan Rulfo.
This is a translation.	This is a translation.
Walt Whitman	Walt Whitman
I think Walt Whitman is the best American poet ever born.	I think Walt Whitman was the best American poet ever born.
I read him for the first time five years ago.	I read his work for the first time five years ago.
From that time I have been reading his beautiful poetry almost every day.	From that time on, I have been reading his beautiful poetry almost every day.
What I like about Walt Whitman it is his simplicity and his plain language, I think it is easy to understand but powerful and full of life.	What I like about Walt Whitman, is his simplicity and his plain language. I think it is easy to understand but powerful and full of life.
What I like about Walt Whitman it is his simplicity and his plain language, I think it is easy to understand but powerful and full of life.	What I like about Walt Whitman is his simplicity and his plain language; I think it is easy to understand his work, and yet, it is powerful and full of life. 
I read Walt Whitman poetry on a translated version made by the Spanish poet, Leon Felipe.	I read Walt Whitman poetry in a translated version by the Spanish poet, Leon Felipe.
A Table is a Table	A Table is a Table
A Table is a Table by Peter Bichsel is one of my favorite short stories.	"A Table is a Table" by Peter Bichsel is one of my favorite short stories.
A Table is a Table by Peter Bichsel is one of my favorite short stories.	A Table is a Table, by Peter Bichsel, is one of my favorite short stories.
It is supposed to be a kids stories but that is rather far from reality.	It is supposed to be a children's story, but that is far from the case. Or, "it is not at all."
It is supposed to be a kids stories but that is rather far from reality.	It is supposed to be a kids story, but that is rather far from reality.
I mean a kid could read the story but he wouldn’t be able to understand it, because it has to do with language.	I mean, a kid could read the story but he wouldn’t be able to understand it, because it has to do with language.
I mean a kid could read the story but he wouldn’t be able to understand it, because it has to do with language.	I mean a kid could read the story, but he wouldn’t be able to understand it because it has to do with language.
Wittgenstein, the philosopher of language, said that the limit of our language is the limit of our world, which means ─I think so─ that everything outside of our language does not exist for us, because to imagine a language is to imagine a form of life.	Wittgenstein, the philosopher of language, said that the limit of our language is the limit of our world, which means ─or so I think─ that everything outside of our language does not exist for us, because to imagine a language is to imagine a form of life.
Wittgenstein, the philosopher of language, said that the limit of our language is the limit of our world, which means ─I think so─ that everything outside of our language does not exist for us, because to imagine a language is to imagine a form of life.	Wittgenstein, the philosopher of language, said that the limit of our language is the limit of our world, which means ─I think─ that everything outside of our language does not exist for us because to imagine a language is to imagine a form of life.
Going back to the point.	Getting back to the point...
I was saying that A Table is a Table has to do with language ─that very tough topic.	As I was saying, "A Table Is a Table" deals with language ─that very tough topic. Maybe some better synonyms for "tough" would be "difficult" or "thorny." The only reason I changed "has to do with" to "deals with" is because you wrote "has to do with" a few lines ago, so in order to not be repetitive.
I was saying that A Table is a Table has to do with language ─that very tough topic.	I was saying that A Table is a Table has to do with a very tough topic, language.
The plot of the story is about an old man who lives alone in a small room with only a few objects: a table, a bed, a clock, a chair, and an album.	The story is about an old man who lives alone in a small room with only a few objects: a table, a bed, a clock, a chair, and an album.
The plot of the story is about an old man who lives alone in a small room with only a few objects: a table, a bed, a clock, a chair, and an album.	The plot of the story is about an old man who lives alone in a small room with only a few objects: a table, a bed, a clock, a chair, and an album.
The old man rarely talks to his neighbors.	The old man rarely talks to his neighbors.
He always is in gray.	He always wears gray.
He always is in gray.	He always is dressed in gray.
He is very bored with his life and with his world, because every day is the same, nothing change.	He is very bored with his life and with his world because every day is the same for him; nothing changes.
He is very bored with his life and with his world, because every day is the same, nothing change.	He is very bored with his life and with his world because every day is the same, nothing changes.
One day he though: “why I called objects this way, I mean French call my bed ‘lit’, and they call the picture ‘tableau’.	One day he thinks: “Why do I call things what I call them? I mean, the French call my bed a ‘lit’, and they call the picture a ‘tableau.’
One day he though: “why I called objects this way, I mean French call my bed ‘lit’, and they call the picture ‘tableau’.	One day he thought, “Why do I name objects this way? I mean, the French call my bed ‘lit’, and they call the picture ‘tableau’.
And they understand each other.” According to that, he decided to change his world.	And they understand each other.” As a result of that thought, he decided to change his world.
And they understand each other.” According to that, he decided to change his world.	And they understand each other.” According to that, he decided to change his world.
He said: “From now on I will call table to my bed, and my bed is going to be called clock, and I will call chair to my clock and all”.	He says, “From now on I will call my bed a table, and my bed is going to be called a clock, and I will call my clock a chair and so on and so forth.”
He said: “From now on I will call table to my bed, and my bed is going to be called clock, and I will call chair to my clock and all”.	He said, “From now on I will call my bed a table, and my bed is going to be called a clock, and I will call my chair a clock and all”. ...on and on...or...and so on...
He thought of that to be funny, and he laughed a lot.	He finds it funny and laughs a lot.
He thought of that to be funny, and he laughed a lot.	He thought that was funny, and he laughed a lot.
Now he began to practice his new language.	Then he begins to practice his new language.
Now he began to practice his new language.	Now, he began to practice his new language.
He trained himself every day.	He practices every day. When you train for something, it is for something that is upcoming, some future event. A piano recital or a sports competition or a contest. Here, it seems that he wants to learn his new language but doesn't necessarily plan to use it in a competitive way.
He trained himself every day.	He trained himself every day.
But he wanted to get farther.	But he wants to take it even further.
But he wanted to get farther.	But he wanted to go farther.
He said: “From now on ‘get up’ means ‘see the time’, ‘see the time’ means ‘wake up’, etc…	He says, “From now on, ‘get up’ means ‘see the time’, ‘see the time’ means ‘wake up’, etc. What do you mean by "see the time"? I think you mean "see what time it is." Also, you don't need an ellipsis after "etc."
He said: “From now on ‘get up’ means ‘see the time’, ‘see the time’ means ‘wake up’, etc…	He said, “From now on ‘get up’ means ‘see the time’, ‘see the time’ means ‘wake up’, etc…
Again, he practiced a lot for memorizing his new language.	Again, he practices often in order to memorize his new language.
Again, he practiced a lot for memorizing his new language.	Again, he practiced memorizing his new language a lot.
Now he talked something like that.	Now he says things like,
Now he talked something like that.	Now he talked something like, "At 5 a.m., I see the time from my table."
“At 5 a.m. I see the time from my table”.	“At 5 a.m. I see the time from my table.”
“At 5 a.m. I see the time from my table”.	“At 5 a.m. I see the time from my table”.
He began to translate the songs he remembered to his new language.	He begins to translate the songs he remembers to his new language.
He began to translate the songs he remembered to his new language.	He began to translate the songs he remembered to his new language.
But, one day…	But one day…
But, one day…	But, one day…
(To be continued)	(To be continued)
The story is great.	The story is great.
Of course maybe (not, I am sure) I changed a bit the story, but it is not a big deal.	Of course, I might have - no, I am sure I did- changed the story a little bit, but it is not a big deal.
Of course maybe (not, I am sure) I changed a bit the story, but it is not a big deal.	Of course, maybe not, I'm not sure, I changed a bit the story, but it is not a big deal.
It is just for practice.	It is just for practice.
Another, Other, Others, the Other and the Others	Another, Other, Others, the Other and the Others
I decided to do a whole entry dedicated only to these difficult words.	I decided to do a whole entry dedicated only to these difficult words.
It has just been frustrating that always I use them in a sentence, I get many corrections.	It has just been frustrating that always I use them in a sentence, I get many corrections.
The other day my mom said to me, “I have bought some caps.	The other day my mom said to me, “I have bought some caps.
One of them is red, another is green, another is yellow, and the other is purple.	One of them is red, another is green, another is yellow, and the other is purple.
Which one do you prefer?” I said, “None of those colors is one of my favorite, can you buy me another (one)?”  ─Can I use both “another” or “another one” in that last question with the same meaning?	Which one do you prefer?” I said, “None of those colors is one of my favorite, can you buy me another (one)?”  ─Can I use both “another” or “another one” in that last question with the same meaning?
She got upset; “Who do you think you are.	She got upset; “Who do you think you are.
I have only these ones.	I have only these ones.
If you want other cap, then buy it yourself.	If you want other cap, then buy it yourself.
I have five sons.	I have five sons.
And you are always the only one who is not happy with the things that I buy, why don’t you be like the others (or should I say like “your other siblings”)?” She claimed.	And you are always the only one who is not happy with the things that I buy, why don’t you be like the others (or should I say like “your other siblings”)?” She claimed.
Serra Will Come Again to Medellín	Serrat Will Return to Medellín
“A Tribute to Miguel: son of the light and the shadow,” this is the name of Joan Manuel Serrat’s international tour that will bring the singer to Colombia for shows in Calí, Medellín, and Bogotá, this year.	“A Tribute to Miguel: Son of the Light and the Shadow” - this is the name of Joan Manuel Serrat’s international tour that will bring the singer to Colombia for shows in Calí, Medellín, and Bogotá this year. 
“A Tribute to Miguel: son of the light and the shadow,” this is the name of Joan Manuel Serrat’s international tour that will bring the singer to Colombia for shows in Calí, Medellín, and Bogotá, this year.	A Tribute to Miguel: Son of Light and : this is the name of Joan Manuel Serrat’s international tour that will bring the singer to Colombia for shows in Calí, Medellín, and Bogotá this year.
This time, the artist will combine on the stage songs praised by the public through the career singer, along with poems full of life, form Miguel Hernández’s work; whose anniversary 100 of his birth was recently celebrated.	This time, the artist will combine on the stage songs praised by the public throughout the singer's career, along with poems full of life, from Miguel Hernández’s work; whose 100th anniversary of his birth was recently celebrated.
This time, the artist will combine on the stage songs praised by the public through the career singer, along with poems full of life, form Miguel Hernández’s work; whose anniversary 100 of his birth was recently celebrated.	This time, the artist will combine on the stage songs praised by the public throughout the singer's careerwith poems full of life from Miguel Hernández’s work, whose 100th anniversary of his birth was recently celebrated. I read the original article- what a beautiful word is natalicio.
The concerts will begin in Calí, in the Theater Jorge Isaacs, on March 8 and 9.	The concerts will begin in Calí, in the Jorge Isaacs Theater, on March 8 and 9.
Then, the artist will come to Medellín, to the Metropolitan Theater, to present his show on 11 and 12 of the same month.	Then the artist will come to Medellín, to the Metropolitan Theater, to present his show on 11th and 12th of the same month.
Then, the artist will come to Medellín, to the Metropolitan Theater, to present his show on 11 and 12 of the same month.	Then, the artist will come to Medellín's Metropolitan Theater to present his show on the 11th and 12th of the same month.
Shows will finish in the Theater Jorge Eliécer Gaitán in Bogotá, on March 14 and 15.	Shows will finish in the Jorge Eliécer Gaitán Theater, in Bogotá, on March 14 and 15.
Shows will finish in the Theater Jorge Eliécer Gaitán in Bogotá, on March 14 and 15.	Shows will finish in the Jorge Eliécer Gaitán Theater in Bogotá on March 14 and 15.
Swimming Class	Swimming Class
I'm attending swimming class in my university.	I'm attending a swimming class at my university.
I'm attending swimming class in my university.	I'm taking a swimming class at my university.
I am at level 3.	I am at level 3.
There are a total of 8 levels.	There are a total of 8 levels.
The first one is for people who didn't know anything about swimming, I mean, people who has never swung in his life.	The first level is for people who don't know anything about swimming, in other words, people who have never swam before.
In the second one, the front crawl style is taught.	In the second level, the ¨front crawl¨ is taught.
In the third one, the backcrawl style.	In the third level, the ¨back crawl¨ is taught.
Classes began two weeks ago, unfortunately I missed the first four.	Classes began two weeks ago and unfortunately, I missed the first four.
So my first class was today and I got bad news: you only can miss four classes by level.	My first class was today and I received bad news: you only can miss up to four classes per level.
For that reason I have already failed my course.	For that reason I have already failed the course.
However I will go on attending to the classes, because I need practice.	However, I will continue attending e classes because I need the practice.
The Pictures of the Cavemen	Pictures of Cavemen
Painting was born around 20.000 year ago, in the caves of the cavemen.	These paintings were made around 20,000 years ago in the caves where the cavemen lived.
In that time the cavemen didn't know how to keep cattle, and didn't know anything about farming, either.	In that time the cavemen didn't know how to keep cattle, or anything else about farming.
So they used hunting as unique way of surviving.	So they used hunting as one way of surviving.
It is courious because in that time they didn't have suitable tools for hunting large animals, like buffalos or deers.	It is strange, because back then they didn't have suitable tools for hunting large animals, like buffalo or deer.
They began painting those animals on the wall of their caves, then they jabbed the pictures with their spears or threw stones against it, so that they were able to kill those same animal in reality.	They began painting those animals on the walls of their caves, then they struck the pictures with their spears or threw stones against them so that they would be able to kill those same animals in reality.
It was like magic, they killed the images, in order to killed them for real.	It was like magic; they killed the images in order to kill the them for real.
They didn't paint for entertaiment.	They didn't paint for entertaiment.
And every image was useful once, because you cannot kill a real animal twice.	And every image was only useful once, because you cannot kill a real animal twice.
Naruto	Naruto
I have just watched Naruto Shippuden Episode 156.	I have just watched Naruto Shippuden Episode 156.
Awesome!	Awesome!
If anyone doesn't know what Naruto Shippuden is, I will tell you.	If anyone doesn't know what Naruto Shippuden is, I will tell you.
Naruto Shippuden is an anime serie from Japan.	Naruto Shippuden is an anime series from Japan.
I like it pretty much because of its action scenes.	I like it very much because of its action scenes.
In some aspects it is like Dragon Ball Z, but I think Naruto is better than Dragon Ball Z, as Naruto's plot is a bit more complex.	In some aspects, it is like Dragon Ball Z, but I think Naruto is better than Dragon Ball Z, as Naruto's plot is a bit more complex.
Naruto is the main character of the story, but he is not the strongest one.	Naruto is the main character of the story, but he is not the strongest one.
His best friend and rival at the same time Sasuke is far stronger than him.	His best friend and rival at the same time Sasuke is far stronger than he is.
So Naruto is training very hard in order to bring back Sasuke to his village.	So, Naruto is training very hard in order to bring Sasuke back to his village.
But now Sasuke wants to kill everyone in the village, so it would be very hard for Naruto to decide between his village and his friend.	But now Sasuke wants to kill everyone in the village, so it would be very hard for Naruto to decide between his village and his friend.
How to Cry Properly	How to Cry Properly
It doesn’t matter the reasons, we will go by the proper way to cry, I mean, a crying that not turn into something shocking nor something that insult a smile for its parallel and clumsy similarity.	Ignoring the reasons for the tears, we will concern ourselves only with the proper way to cry. By this I mean the kind of crying that neither turns into a racket nor insults smiles with a parallel but clumsy likeness.
A common crying consists of a contraction of the face and a jerky sound along with tears and snots.	Crying typically consists of a contraction of the face and a jerky sound accompanied by tears and snot.
The snots come at the end, because the crying stops when people blows his or her nose vigorously.	The snot comes at the end because the crying stops when the person blows his or her nose vigorously.
In order to cry, think about yourself, but if this is hard for you, maybe because you are so accustom to believe in the outside world, think about a duck covered with ants or about any of those gulfs in the Strait of Magellan, where nobody never enters.	In order to cry, think about yourself, but if this is difficult for you, maybe because you have grown so accustomed to believing in the outside world, think instead about a duck covered with ants or about any one of those gulfs in the Strait of Magellan, where nobody never enters.
When the crying has come, you should cover your face with decorum using both hands with the palms of the hand towards inside.	When the crying comes, you should politely cover your face with both hands, with the palms facing inward.
The kids should cry with the sleeve of their jacket covering their face, and preferably in a corner of the room.	Children should cry with the sleeve of their jacket covering their face, and preferably in a corner of the room.
The crying should take about three minutes.	The crying should take about three minutes.
This is a translation of Julio Cortázar's "Instrucciones para llorar".	This is a translation of Julio Cortázar's "Instrucciones para llorar."
Staying at home	Staying at home
I’ve recently been staying at home on Friday nights.	I’ve recently been staying at home on Friday nights.
Somewhere in the past I stopped going out.	At some point in the past I stopped going out.
I don’t know what the reasons were.	I don’t know what the reasons were. Optional, more natural: I'm not sure why exactly.
I guess it’s just that people changes.	I guess it’s just that people change.
I remember that all weeks long, I used to look forward the weekend to come in order to go out to the bar.	I remember that all week long, I used to look forward to the weekend to come in order to go out to the bar.
I used to get a bit drunk all the weekend long, from Friday to Sunday.	I used to get a bit drunk all weekend long, from Friday to Sunday.
But now it’s completely different, it looks like I’m moving to some other directions.	But now it’s completely different, and it looks like I’m moving in some other directions.
It’s not that I think that there is something wrong about going out so frequently or getting drunk; just that I feel more comfortable staying at home.	It’s not that I think that there is anything wrong with going out so frequently or getting drunk; just that I feel more comfortable staying at home.
I remember that when I couldn’t go out for some reason on the weekend, I stayed restless at home.	I remember that when I couldn’t go out for some reason on the weekend, I would be restless at home.
Now, I love staying at home.	Now, I love staying at home. Fyi, an option for "staying at home" is "staying in."
Most of the time, I stayed reading some book.	Most of the time, I stay and read a book.
I like to read about history, literature, and math.	I like to read about history, literature, and math.
Once in a while I visit the bar I used to go, and I feel now like a completely strange.	Once in a while I visit the bar I used to go to, and I feel now like a completely strange. Don't know if you want to say "now I feel like a complete stranger" or "now I feel very strange."
Some friends of mine that used to go there too move to other town, or other neighborhood.	Some friends of mine that used to go there too moved to other towns, or other neighborhoods.
I think that we get fond of places because of people who we could find there.	I think that we grow fond of places because of people we connect to those places.
There is nothing special with places at all.	There is nothing special about the places at all.
We could get fond of a place for either, there we find people we liked or that place brings us back some memories of people that used to pass by.	We could grow fond of a place because either we met people we liked there, or that place brings back memories of people that used to pass by.
It’s not like I’m enclosed by walls; as Emily Dickinson said, “There is no frigate like a book / To take us lands away.”	It’s not like I’m enclosed by walls; as Emily Dickinson said, “There is no frigate like a book / To take us lands away.”
Pablo Neruda	Pablo Neruda
I wanna write a little about Pablo Neruda, which is my favorite poet.	I wanna write a little about Pablo Neruda, who is my favorite poet.
Pablo Neruda was born in Parral, Chile in 1904.	Pablo Neruda was born in Parral, Chile in 1904.
When he was a child —around four years or so— his mother died.	When he was a child —around the age of 4— his mother died.
He began to write early.	He began to write at a very young age
He would tell later when he has older that one day he showed a poem made by himself to his father, who only said: "Where did you take it from?"	One day when he was older, he showed one of his poems to his father, who only said: "Where did you come up with this?"
When he was an adolescent, he traveled to Santiago, the capital city.	When he was an adolescent, he traveled to Santiago, the capital city.
There he began to study at university.	There he began to study at a university.
At the age of 19 he wrote 20 poems of love and a song of despair.	At the age of 19 he wrote 20 love poems and a song of despair.
That book would become the favorite text of many people.	That book would become the favorite text of many people.
Then he began to travel and travel around the world.	Then he began to travel and travel around the world.
He visited Singapur, Spain, Mexico, Peru, and all.	He visited Singapur, Spain, Mexico, and Peru
In 1971 he won the Nobel Prize.	In 1971 he won the Nobel Prize.
He died in 1973 in Chile.	He died in 1973 in Chile.
Here is something from him:	Here is something from him:
Sonnet XXVII:	Sonnet XXVII:
Naked, you are simple as one of your hands,	Naked, you are simple as one of your hands,
Smooth, earthy, small, transparent, round:	Smooth, earthy, small, transparent, round:
You have moonlines, applepathways:	You have moonlines, applepathways:
Naked, you are slender as a naked grain of wheat.	Naked, you are slender as a naked grain of wheat.
Naked, you are blue as the night in Cuba;	Naked, you are blue as the night in Cuba;
You have vines and stars in your hair;	You have vines and stars in your hair;
Naked, you are spacious and yellow	Naked, you are spacious and yellow
As summer in a golden church.	As summer in a golden church.
Naked, you are tiny as one of your nails,	Naked, you are tiny as one of your nails,
Curved, subtle, rosy, till the day is born	Curved, subtle, rosy, till the day is born
And you withdraw to the underground world,	And you withdraw to the underground world,
as if down a long tunnel of clothing and of chores:	as if down a long tunnel of clothing and of chores:
Your clear light dims, gets dressed, drops its leaves,	Your clear light dims, gets dressed, drops its leaves,
And becomes a naked hand again.	And becomes a naked hand again.
Languages	Languages
Ok, I am back, but really?	Ok, I am back, but really?
I mean, I am back, dealing with the languages, with a clear goal/intention –becoming fluent in English.	I mean, I am back, once again dealing with languages, with a clear goal –to become fluent in English.
I wish I could learn languages just by desiring it; not that I like to achieve things without any effort, it‘s just that I want to learn every all languages in the world, and life is just one.	I wish I could learn languages just by desiring it. It's not that I like to achieve things without any effort, it‘s just that I want to learn all the languages in the world, and I have only one life to do that in.
But here I am, trying to master a language that seems easy to me, but in which I have been stuck for years.	But here I am, trying to master a language that seems easy to me, but in which I have been stuck for years.
Most of the time, I feel sad because I don’t see an improvement, and I know that it is my entire fault; that I have to give my best.	Most of the time, I feel sad because I don’t see any improvement in my English, and I know that it is entirely my fault; I know that I have to work harder.
There are a lot of reasons to learn languages.	There are many reasons to learn languages.
I dread listening to a word in any languages, and not being able to catch its meaning.	Personally,I hate hearing a word in another language, and not being able to catch its meaning.
You know, imagine that the world is a field of flowers and you couldn’t smell a rose that is just in front of you.	Imagine that the world is a field of flowers and you can't smell a rose that is right in front of you.
You know that the rose has a shape, a color, but what is the point of all that if you cannot smell it.	You know that the rose has a shape and a color, but what is the point of knowing all that if you cannot smell it?
Gabriel García Márquez	Gabriel García Márquez
I have read García Marquez's complete works.	I have read García Marquez's complete works.
The first book I read was "Chronicles of a Death Foretold".	The first book I read was "Chronicles of a Death Foretold".
I was in secondary school.	I was in high school.
I like it very much, so I decided to read the most famous book of him: "One hundred year of solitude".	I liked it very much, so I decided to read his most famous book, "One Hundred Years of Solitude."
That book was awesome.	That book was awesome.
It became my favorite book.	It became my favorite book.
The story about family Buendia is the story of humanity.	The story about the Buendia family is like the story of humanity.
Threre you can see every possible aspect of humanity, specially solitude --García Marquez's favorite topic.	In it you can see every possible aspect of humanity, especially solitude - García Marquez's favorite topic.
Not only the novel of Garcia Marquez are good but also his short stories.	Not only are Garcia Marquez's novels good, but also his short stories.
I read for example a short story called "Ojos de perro azul".	I read for example a short story called "Ojos de perro azul".
It is amazing.	It is amazing.
There he describe a wonderfull story: A man and a woman meet in their dreams, they talk there, but they want to meet each other in reality.	In it he describes a wonderful story: A man and a woman meet in their dreams and talk, but they want to meet each other in reality.
However, only one of them can remember the dream after waking up.	However, only one of them remembers the dream after waking up.
So she look for him with a key phrase that they use in his dreams: "ojos de perro azul".	So she looks for him with a key phrase that they use in their dreams: "ojos de perro azul".
Lampshade	Lampshade
Yesterday was Mary’s birthday.	Yesterday was Mary’s birthday.
She turned twenty.	She turned twenty.
I didn’t know what to buy for her, because she is the kind of person who finds nothing completely suitable.	I didn’t know what to buy for her, because she is the kind of person who finds nothing completely suitable.
So, I went to downtown in order to look in every mall.	So, I went downtown in order to look in every mall.
I didn’t feel like buying a book or chocolates or flowers.	I didn’t feel like buying a book or chocolates or flowers.
I wanted something more original.	I wanted something more original.
When I got tired of going from mall to mall and not finding anything enough good, I found a very strange store.	When I got tired of going from mall to mall and not finding anything good enough, I found a very strange store.
It was like a museum of authors.	It was like a museum of authors.
There was the cane used by that well-known writer Oshima Kasaki.	There was the cane used by the well-known writer Oshima Kasaki.
There was the cane used by that well-known writer Oshima Kasaki.	There was the cane used by well-known writer Oshima Kasaki. Good job with the hyphen, I know a lot of natives who don't use it correctly. =P
But I realized that that cane wouldn't be a good present for her.	However I realized that the cane wouldn't be a good present for her.
However I saw a lamp, which lampshade has the picture of Pablo Miyasaki on it.	Then I saw a lamp that had a picture of Pablo Miyasaki on its lampshade.
“Finally, here it is”, I said.	“Finally, here it is”, I said.
So I bought it in spite of its price.	So I bought, despite the price.
So I bought it in spite of its price.	So I bought it despite the price. I don't think the previous editor meant to take out the word "it". This is more correct.
So I bought it in spite of its price.	So I bought it in spite of its price.  I think it is fine like this; I don't think any corrections are necessary.
It was very expensive.	It was very expensive.
The Trial	The Trial
I have begun to read The Trial by Franz Kafka.	I have begun to read The Trial by Franz Kafka.
I think that it's a fascinating story.	I think that it's a fascinating story.
It reminds me Alice in Wonderland because of the absurd presented in both books	It reminds me of Alice in Wonderland because of the absurdities presented in both books.
It reminds me Alice in Wonderland because of the absurd presented in both books	It reminds me of Alice in Wonderland because of the absurd presented in both books.
Unlike Alice in Wonderland, facts of The Trial is something that can happen to anyone.	Unlike Alice in Wonderland, the occurrences in The Trial can happen to anyone.
Unlike Alice in Wonderland, facts of The Trial is something that can happen to anyone.	Unlike Alice in Wonderland, though, the events of The Trial could happen to anyone.
There is no rabbit nor Kings nor Queens; briefly there is no any fanstastic element within the novel.	There is no rabbit, nor Kings, nor Queens, and for a short period of time, there are no fanstastic elements within the novel.
There is no rabbit nor Kings nor Queens; briefly there is no any fanstastic element within the novel.	There is no rabbit or Kings or Queens, and for a short period of time there are not any fantastic elements in the novel.
However, the main situation of the book itself is very weird.	However, the main situation of the book itself is very weird.
It's about a man who is arrested having done anything bad.	It's about a man who is arrested having done nothing wrong.
It's about a man who is arrested having done anything bad.	It's about a man who is arrested without having done anything wrong.
He doesn't know why he is arrested.	He doesn't know why he is being arrested. *Or, "...why he was arrested."
Neither does people who arrested him.	Neither do the people who arrested him.
All the story —from the beginning to the point I have read— develops around of that extrange case.	The entire story —from the beginning to the point I have read— develops around that strange case.
Reading Kafka's books is just great.	Reading Kafka's books is just great.
I have read The Metamorphosis, and some of his short stories, and I think he is one of the best writers in twenty century, along with Marcel Proust, Virginia Woolf and García Márquez.	I have read The Metamorphosis, and some of his short stories, and I think he is one of the best writers of the twentieth century, along with Marcel Proust, Virginia Woolf and García Márquez.
How to complain about 	How to complain about 
Dear Sir/ Madam.	Dear Sir/ Madam,
I am writing to complain about the washing machine I bought recently, model Eco Logi xxx i-Dos.	I am writing to complain about the washing machine I recently bought, model Eco Logi xxx i-Dos.
After installing, the washing machine went wrong, sounds bad and now the washing machine's door could not be opened.	After installing it, the washing machine began to malfunction, makes loud noises and now its door can not be opened.
After installing, the washing machine went wrong, sounds bad and now the washing machine's door could not be opened.	After installing, the washing machine went wrong, sounds bad and now the washing machine's door cannot be opened.
Inmediately, I phone to technical service and your manager assitan told me some solutions about my problem: to change the model or I was sent a technicians.	Immediately, I called technical support and your assistant manager offered me some solutions to my problem: I could change the model or I could have a technician sent to me.
I chose the technicians, because the first option takes more than one month.	I chose the technician, because the first option would have taken more than one month.
I was promised the would arribe in two days, by the morning and by this time, two weeks ago since I called ask for help.	I was promised that he would arrive in two days, by the morning and by this time, two weeks ago since I called ask for help. I don't understand the second half of this sentence.
I called your phone number but it was never answered.	I called your phone number but my call was never answered. 
I would like to know if is possible the complaint was not received, and I would ask too when technicians comes.	I would like to know if it is possible that the complaint was not received, and I would also like to ask when the technicians will come.
I would be grateful if you could give a solution as soon as, because I am deseperate.	I would be grateful if you could give a solution as soon as possible, because I am desperate.
If is impossible to solve my problem, I would like a refund  of my money, please.	If it is impossible to solve my problem, I would like a refund of my money
Thank you for your help with this matter.	Thank you for your help with this matter.
Your faithfully	Sincerely, "Yours faithfully" sounds too personal for a business letter.
Carmen P.	Carmen P.
Es un ejemplo de carta formal para mis clases de inglés, y para escribirla he seguido una serie de pautas que aparecen en mi libros de clase.	Es un ejemplo de carta formal para mis clases de inglés, y para escribirla he seguido una serie de pautas que aparecen en mi libros de clase.
No sé si son las normales que se utilizan, así que os dejo el nombre de mi libro para que opinéis.	No sé si son las normales que se utilizan, así que os dejo el nombre de mi libro para que opinéis.
- ACKLAM, Richard, CRACE, Araminta.	- ACKLAM, Richard, CRACE, Araminta.
Upper Intermediate Total English.	Upper Intermediate Total English.
Ed: PEARSON Longman, 2006	Ed: PEARSON Longman, 2006
XD!!! This is really Good! 	XD!!! This is Really Good!
My vacation	My vacation
*I with my violin	*Me with my violin
Well, Today I only say...	Well, today all I have to say is...
I am really boring ¬¬...	I am really bored ¬¬...
But, yesterday *o* I see my dreams making real,  ><!!!	But, yesterday *o* I saw my dreams being made a reality, ><!!!
I can play a electric guitar *.* is an experience really satisfactory...	I can play the electric guitar *.* It’s a really satisfactory experience...
In this week a can't write in my blog :/...	This week I can't write in my blog :/...
And draw in my notebook T.	Or draw in my notebook T.
T...	T...
But, I can play my violin :), and I your sound is great!	But, I can play my violin :), and it has a great sound!
*.*, really I can!....	*.*, really I can!....
T.	T.
T is beautiful...	T it’s beautiful...
That it's all :)	That's all :)
Hello everybody ^^	Hello everybody ^^
Today, I try translate this paragraph of my book "Capitán grisam y el amor"...	Today, I will try to translate this paragraph from my book "Capitán grisam y el amor"...
Querida hadita de nombre impronunciable, pero que con un poco de práctica aprenderé a decir, mi nombre es Lala Tomelilla y soy una bruja de la luz.	Querida hadita de nombre impronunciable, pero que con un poco de práctica aprenderé a decir, mi nombre es Lala Tomelilla y soy una bruja de la luz.
In English :S.	In English :S.
Dear fairy, of name is unpronounceable, but with a little practice I learn to say, My name is Lala Tomelilla And I'm a witch of light.	Dear fairy whose name is unpronounceable, but which with a little practice I will learn to say, My name is Lala Tomelilla and I'm a witch of light.
It's  8:19 am In Colombia ^^  	It's 8:19 AM in Colombia ^^ 
Today I want to go read my new book!!!	Today I want to go read my new book!!!
His name is "Capitan Grisam y el amor", but I'm boring and, I don't know why T-T?.	His name is "Capitan Grisam y el amor", but I'm boring and, I don't know why T-T?.
This is my O.o... writing	This is my O.o... writing
Hello people =D...	Hello people =D...
XD!!!, I'm new in this site O.	XD!!!, I'm new in this site O.
O...	O...
I'm waiting learn in this site english, because...	I'm waiting learn in this site english, because...
is important for my live u.	it is important for my live u.
u...	u...
Thanks for the help :), and that is all XD!, Bye :)	Thanks for the help :), and that is all XD!, Bye :)
My favorite history of lenore!!! ♥.♥	My favorite history of lenore!!! ♥.♥
It's really good U.	It's really good U.
U	U
I Have a problem ¬¬...	I Have a problem ¬¬...
I don't know to do!!!	I don't know how to do it!!!
I want learn japonese, but  the kanjis...	I want to learn Japanese, but the kanji...
T-T really are difficult ><!	T-T really are difficult ><!
someone know which is the funny method to learn kanjis O.	Does anyone know a fun method to learn kanji
O?, pliss T-T...	Please T-T...
I need help in this.	I need help in this.
Its Sad	Its Sad
I don't know what to write, but I think that is sad to "meet" people and you can't tolk whit them because you have diferent scheduls.	I don't know what to write, but I think that is sad to "meet" people and you can't talk with them because you have different scheduls.
What do you think??	What do you think??
(Ok, I think I'm better in the English than 3 months ago =^.	(Ok, I think I'm better in the English than 3 months ago =^.
^=)	^=)
Shibaraam1	Shibaraam1
The sun was slowly bidding farewell to the valley of Argaan, a paradise in the skirts of the Asmadaar Mountain(1) range which was dotted with trees as well as thickets and blanketed with green grazing land much to the contentment of herbivorous mammals along with their predators.	The sun was slowly bidding farewell to the valley of Argaan, a paradise in the skirts of the Asmadaar Mountain(1) range which was dotted with trees as well as thickets and blanketed with green grazing land much to the contentment of herbivorous mammals along with their predators.
 A orange sky, clear of clouds, opened expansively until vanishing behind the peaks of the mountain range whose crests were shrouded with everlasting snow and whose foothills were carpeted with a dense forest, which made them almost impenetrable.	 A orange sky, clear of clouds, opened expansively until vanishing behind the peaks of the mountain range whose crests were shrouded with everlasting snow and whose foothills were carpeted with a dense forest, which made them almost impenetrable.
 In the heart of this valley subsisted Liinde'si, the southern outpost of the Jotari realm.	 In the heart of this valley subsisted Liinde'si, the southern outpost of the Jotari realm.
No rightly a town, no even a village, just two buildings and three or four tents around a well, which granted shelter for a garrison of eight warriors and their families, as well as some few furs traders.	No rightly a town, no even a village, just two buildings and three or four tents around a well, which granted shelter for a garrison of eight warriors and their families, as well as some few furs traders.
Total population: 37.	Total population: 37.
However, considering that Liinde'si was the only post in the area, there was a lot of transit of hunters, trappers and fur traders coming in and out.	However, considering that Liinde'si was the only post in the area, there was a lot of transit of hunters, trappers and fur traders coming in and out.
 “Hey Katain, can you please help me reaching the tree by the well so I can climb up?” Asked the young Asmaan to the warrior.	 “Hey Katain, can you please help me reaching the tree by the well so I can climb up?” Asked the young Asmaan to the warrior.
 Asmaan was a restless kid who has become the terror of the post, always getting in trouble by his out of control curiosity.	 Asmaan was a restless kid who has become the terror of the post, always getting in trouble by his out of control curiosity.
 “And what business has a little kid with a tree he can't even climb by himself?” Teased Katain the troublesome pest.	 “And what business has a little kid with a tree he can't even climb by himself?” Teased Katain the troublesome pest.
 “I want to have a better look at the sunset.” The kid responded quickly.	 “I want to have a better look at the sunset.” The kid responded quickly.
 “And picking some fruits in the process, I guess.” Laughed Katain at the quick response.	 “And picking some fruits in the process, I guess.” Laughed Katain at the quick response.
 “Well, what if I get some for you?” 	 “Well, what if I get some for you?” 
 “Ok, we got a deal.	 “Ok, we got a deal.
Hope your mother don't get on me for doing this.” Katain lifted the lad and walking toward the lofty tree, assisted him in getting a lower branch.	Hope your mother don't get on me for doing this.” Katain lifted the lad and walking toward the lofty tree, assisted him in getting a lower branch.
Seconds later the kid was lost in the abundant foliage and Katain went back to his post.	Seconds later the kid was lost in the abundant foliage and Katain went back to his post.
 The sun was already gone and the first shadows of the night visited the surroundings when Katain decided to check on the boy.	 The sun was already gone and the first shadows of the night visited the surroundings when Katain decided to check on the boy.
 When getting close to the well Katain spotted five strangers around the pond, pulling water out of the well.	 When getting close to the well Katain spotted five strangers around the pond, pulling water out of the well.
For the nature of the post it was not infrequent to see strangers at any given time.	For the nature of the post it was not infrequent to see strangers at any given time.
Or at least that was what Katain thought at seen those five characters.	Or at least that was what Katain thought at seen those five characters.
 “Be welcome to our hospitality!” He saluted while nearing the strangers.	 “Be welcome to our hospitality!” He saluted while nearing the strangers.
That would be his last greeting.	That would be his last greeting.
 The five strangers turned around and at sighting Katain they just vanished in thin air.	 The five strangers turned around and at sighting Katain they just vanished in thin air.
Katain had barely time to realize that those were not ordinary people but some eerie creatures, before his throat was slit from behind.	Katain had barely time to realize that those were not ordinary people but some eerie creatures, before his throat was slit from behind.
 Asmaan's mother, who has been looking for the kid, witnessed the slaying and shrieked frightened.	 Asmaan's mother, who has been looking for the kid, witnessed the slaying and shrieked frightened.
In seconds the entire garrison was around the well, weapons in hands, just in time to see how a creature stabbed her in her back.	In seconds the entire garrison was around the well, weapons in hands, just in time to see how a creature stabbed her in her back.
They charged outraged but didn't stand a chance against the heinous creatures, who only could be seen when it was too late.	They charged outraged but didn't stand a chance against the heinous creatures, who only could be seen when it was too late.
The manslaughter lasted five minutes and after that Liinde'si population dropped to one.	The manslaughter lasted five minutes and after that Liinde'si population dropped to one.
That one being Asmaan who, from the tree, watched the whole massacre.	That one being Asmaan who, from the tree, watched the whole massacre.
Salutation	Salutation
Hello:	Hello:
My name is Jenny, Ì`m studing english in the city of Bogotà.	My name is Jenny, Ì`m studing english in the city of Bogotà.
I would like travell, i would like learn other languages besides of the english	I would like travell, i would like learn other languages besides of the english.
Please, could you correct the mistakes of this paragrah.	Please, could you correct the mistakes of this paragrah.
Thank you	Thank you
jap goverment...sorry a bit long...i have tried the translator goggle..its very good i think.cheers	jap goverment...sorry a bit long...i have tried the translator goggle..its very good i think.cheers
The central government in Japan is a monarchy constitucional3 in which people over 20 can vote in suffrage universal.14 Traditionally the Emperor is a symbolic representative of the nation.	The central government in Japan is a monarchy constitucional3 in which people over 20 can vote in suffrage universal.14 Traditionally the Emperor is a symbolic representative of the nation.
In practice, it is a partial or parliamentary democracy, the people will not vote for a president, but members of Parliament and they, in turn, vote for a Prime Minister from one of them.1 5The time a prime minister remains in office depends on how long you can maintain the support of a majority in parliament.	In practice, it is a partial or parliamentary democracy, the people will not vote for a president, but members of Parliament and they, in turn, vote for a Prime Minister from one of them.1 5The time a prime minister remains in office depends on how long you can maintain the support of a majority in parliament.
Japan had until the 2009 elections a dominant party (the Liberal Democratic Party in local government: The governors of each prefecture are elected by the people, but its independence is limited by the central government budget allocated to each prefecture.	Japan had until the 2009 elections a dominant party (the Liberal Democratic Party in local government: The governors of each prefecture are elected by the people, but its independence is limited by the central government budget allocated to each prefecture.
Bureaucracy : The bureaucrats or public servants survive changes of government.	Bureaucracy : The bureaucrats or public servants survive changes of government.
They plan and implement the policies decided by the government..	They plan and implement the policies decided by the government..
The bureaucrats have some influence on government decisions and ministries make the rules for the whole country..	The bureaucrats have some influence on government decisions and ministries make the rules for the whole country..
The bureaucrats ministries hold meetings with various interest groups that work closely with requesting or proposing reforms that benefit the country.	The bureaucrats ministries hold meetings with various interest groups that work closely with requesting or proposing reforms that benefit the country.
Japanese goverment system? can this explain japanese Govt well enough?	Japanese goverment system? Can this explain the Japanese Govt well enough?
The central government in Japan is a monarchy constitutional in which people over 20 can vote in suffrage universal.	The central government in Japan is a constitutional monarchy in which people over 20 can vote in universal suffrage.
Traditionally the Emperor is a symbolic representative of the nation.	Traditionally the Emperor is a symbolic representative of the nation.
In practice, it is a partial or parliamentary democracy, the people will not vote for a president, but members of Parliament and they, in turn, vote for a Prime Minister from one of them.	In practice, it is a partial or parliamentary democracy, the people will not vote for a president, but members of Parliament and they, in turn, vote for a Prime Minister from one of them.
The time a prime minister remains in office depends on how long he can maintain the support of a majority of the in parliament.	The time a prime minister remains in office depends on how long he can maintain the support of a majority of the in parliament.
Japan had until the 2009 elections a dominant party (the Liberal Democratic Party in local government: The governors of each prefecture are elected by the people, but its independence is limited by the central government budget allocated to each prefecture.	Japan had until the 2009 elections a dominant party (the Liberal Democratic Party in local government: The governors of each prefecture are elected by the people, but its independence is limited by the central government budget allocated to each prefecture.
The public servants hold meetings with various groups that work closely with requesting or proposing reforms that benefit the country, they plan and implement the policies decided by the government and  have some influence on government decisions and ministries make the rules for the whole country.	The public servants hold meetings with various groups that work closely with requesting or proposing reforms that benefit the country, they plan and implement the policies decided by the government and  have some influence on government decisions and ministries make the rules for the whole country.
starting a cover letter	starting a cover letter
To whom may concern	To whom it may concern
Iam writing to you to inquire about a position and to offer my services as ...	I am writing to inquire about a position, and to offer my services as ...
in case you may need one at the moment.	in case you need one at the moment.
Here with it i have attached my curriculum vitae for futher infromation.	attached is my curriculum history for futher Information.
Atte 	Atte 
M  M	M  M
homework	homework
Japan- The land of the rising sun	Japan- The land of the rising sun
The Japanese civilization started in the Neolithic period also known as the Yayoi period that lasted until the IV century of our times.	The Japanese civilization started in the Neolithic period also known as the Yayoi period that lasted until the 4th century of our times.
The Japanese civilization started in the Neolithic period also known as the Yayoi period that lasted until the IV century of our times.	Japanese civilization started in the Neolithic period, also known as the Yayoi period, which lasted until the 4th century CE.
During that time Japan is strongly influenced by China from where their adopted many techniques as their writing system and Buddhism.	During that time Japan was strongly influenced by China from whom they adopted many things such as their writing system and Buddhism.
During that time Japan is strongly influenced by China from where their adopted many techniques as their writing system and Buddhism.	During that time, Japan was strongly influenced by China from which it adopted many things such as the Chinese writing system and Buddhism.
In the year 1600 Japan after many years of fights between landlords Japan is finally unified and closed it from foreign contact until 1854 from when the Meiji restoration begun and took important measures that transformed Japan into an important new power.	In the year 1600 Japan, after many years of fights between landlords, was finally unified and it was closed from contact with foreign countries. This ended in 1854 when the Meiji restoration began and important measures were introduced that transformed Japan into an important new power.
In the year 1600 Japan after many years of fights between landlords Japan is finally unified and closed it from foreign contact until 1854 from when the Meiji restoration begun and took important measures that transformed Japan into an important new power.	In the year 1600, after many years of fights between landholders, Japan was finally unified and closed to foreign contact until 1854, at which point the Meiji restoration began, taking measures that transformed Japan into an important new power.
In 1940, one year after the start of the II World War Japan attacks Pearl harbor action that forced The USA to enter the war that finally ended with the dropping of two atomic bombs upon Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the capitulation of Japan the 18th august 1945, consequently Japan is occupied by the USA until 1952 from when they begun an incredible fast economic development.	In 1940, one year after the start of the second World War, Japan attacked Pearl harbor; an action that forced the USA to enter the war. The US's involvement finally ended with the dropping of two atomic bombs upon Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the capitulation of Japan on 18th august 1945; consequently Japan was occupied by the USA until 1952, from which point they experienced incredibly fast economic development.
In 1940, one year after the start of the II World War Japan attacks Pearl harbor action that forced The USA to enter the war that finally ended with the dropping of two atomic bombs upon Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the capitulation of Japan the 18th august 1945, consequently Japan is occupied by the USA until 1952 from when they begun an incredible fast economic development.	In 1940, one year after the start of WWII, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor, an action that forced the United States to enter the war. The war ended with the dropping of two atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the capitulation of Japan on August 18, 1945. Japan was subsequently occupied by the United States until 1952, at which point it began incredibly fast economic development.
japanese alphabet	japanese alphabet
Nihongo de kaitai:kanji hiragana,..	Nihongo de kaitai:kanji hiragana,..
somebody knows how to download that to my computer?arigatto, gracias,thanks	somebody knows how to download that to my computer?arigatto, gracias,thanks
a little help please	a little help please
I have a general question.	I have a general question.
I still pretty new with lang 8 so i dont know exactly how it works.	I am still pretty new with Lang 8 so I don't know exactly how it works.
For example、when someone correct what i wrote i would like to thank him/her but i am not sure how.	For example、when someone corrects what I wrote, I would like to thank him/her but I am not sure how.
Also when i correct somebody,i press preview/coment and send it but still apearing preview so i dont know when /wetehr if i send or not..	Also when I correct somebody's entry, I press preview/comment and send it but the preview is still appearing so I dont know when /whether I already sent it or not..
I can tell is already send it because i can see the latest entry in the web page.	I can tell it is already sent because I can see the latest entry in the web page.
can comeone giveme a litlebit orientation about how it works.	Ｃan someone give me a litle bit of orientation about how it works?
(and correct my English too!!)	(and correct my English too!!)
ok	ok
We catch a bus at 5:00.	We catch a bus at 5:00.
Soccer Night	Soccer Night
I'm kinda excited, tonight is soccer night with my friends :D.	I'm kinda excited, tonight is soccer night with my friends :D.
I'm really happy 'cuz I hadn't been able to play lately because of an ankle and knee injury.	I'm really happy 'cuz I haven't been able to play lately because of an ankle and knee injury.
I think I have recovered and tonight I'm playing with an ankle support and bandages on my knee :).	I think I have recovered and tonight I'm playing with an ankle support and bandages on my knee :).
I hope to play nice and don't feel any pain.	I hope to play nice and don't feel any pain.
(=	(=
Job Interviews	Job Interviews
I'm waiting for a call.	I'm waiting for a call.
A really important call, a job interview.	A really important call, a job interview.
I usually have trouble dealing with this kind of situations, I get really nervous and sometimes I get stuck and don't know what to say.	I usually have trouble dealing with this kind of situations, I get really nervous and sometimes I get stuck and don't know what to say.
The last week I had an interview with a very large company and I messed up because the person asked me to describe myself, after a few words my mind went blank and the interviewer also wouldn't say a single word so I ended up repeating what I just had said.	The last week I had an interview with a very large company and I messed up because the person asked me to describe myself, after a few words my mind went blank and the interviewer also wouldn't say a single word so I ended up repeating what I just had said.
The interviews are in english and I'm a native spanish speaker, but I think I have a really stupid psychological problem because I feel capable of speaking English in normal situations.	The interviews are in english and I'm a native spanish speaker, but I think I have a really stupid psychological problem because I feel capable of speaking English in normal situations.
When I'm in a job interview I just don't know what to say, I forget both words and expressions, I really don't know what to do right know and I also feel kinda stupid.	When I'm in a job interview I just don't know what to say, I forget both words and expressions, I really don't know what to do right know and I also feel kinda stupid.
:S	:S
traditional festival	traditional festival
I want to introduce  my typical town traditions for these days .	I want to introduce my typical town traditions .
At  the end of summer we have a fireworks at the beach   it was so wonderful.	At  the end of summer we have a fireworks festival at the beach. It was so wonderful.
At first of October we have  city festival, and each street  is decorated , and we have music all the time in them.	At first of October we have city festival during which each street is decorated and we have music all the time.
People down from their houses , put tables and chairs in the middle of the street and make the dinner every night there.	People come down from their houses, put tables and chairs in the middle of the street and make dinner there every night .
It seems like an old town!	It seems like an old town!
It’s so funny!	It’s so funny!
Also,  one night at week (about these days of celebration) we have a kind of costumes  about dragons and big head humans, that the tradition says they are our town guardians, and people dress up with the costumes and take for a walk  playing drums and fireworks.	Also, one night at week ( around these days of celebration) we have all kind of costumes about dragons and big head humans. The tradition says they are our town guardians, and people dress up in the costumes and take a walk or playing drums and set off fireworks.
( I took photos for you).	( I took photos for you).
We have kind of giants too, it represent s   our old nobility and kings… and also people dress up with them and go for a walk.	We have giants too, to represent our old nobility and kings… and people also dress up as them and go for a walk.
Children wonder with all , hehehe is so beautiful  and funny!!!	Children wonder at it all, hehehe is so beautiful and funny!!!
I think we have strange traditions here in Catalunya!	I think we have strange traditions here in Catalunya!
nightmare	nightmare
since i was a child, i always had a nightmares,but there are two that always repeats to me: the end of the world and my own death.	since i was a child, i always had nightmares,but there are two, that always repeats to me. The end of the world, and my own death.
once,from out of sapce metheores came to the earth and destroi it all.	Once,from out of space, meteors came to the earth and destroyed it all.
Me and my family ran away with no fate.	Me and my family ran away with no fate.
Another night,while i was cooking something to eat at home,a sunami cames quickly to barcelona and the weaves brokes the windowa and the water began to enter to our house and drowns us.	Another night,while i was cooking something to eat at home,a tsunami came quickly to Barcelona and the waves broke the windows and the water began to enter to our house and drowns us.
about my own death, once i wast lost in my neighborhood.	AAbout my own death. Once I was lost in my neighborhood.
There was dark night and a men group was fallowing to me.	It was a  dark night and a group of men were following  me.
then i started to run so fast as i could, but men cach me and spry me with gasoline...	Then i started to run so fast as i could, but the men caught me and sprayed me with gasoline...
in that moment i woke up inmediatly.	in that moment i woke up immediately.
Another night i was walking at the park and someone cames to me and with a long sharp knife stabs me!	Another night I was walking at the park and someone came close  to me and with a long sharp knife stabbed me!
well i think mybe i have a problem with the  death in general..	well i think maybe i have a problem with death in general..
mybe the nightmares show me that problem and i should do something with it...	Maybe the nightmares show me my problem and i should do something with it...
a letter for my Hawaian friend	a letter for my Hawaian friend
this is a little letter from me to my friend in Hawai i'm introducing him to Spain november celebrations:	This is a little letter from me to my friend in Hawaii; I'm introducing Spain's November celebrations to him:
happy halloween for you too, here in spain we have another traditions for these days aside haloween , the all saints  day or deathpeople day , and also "castañada day" here we eat chest nuts and sweet potato  all grilled.	Happy Halloween to you too! Here in Spain we have other traditions for this season aside from Halloween: All Souls' Day, and "Castañada Day," where we eat chestnuts and sweet potatoes, both grilled.
Also we make a kind of sweets made it with potatoe,sugar,marzipan ,nuts ,...	We also make a kind of sweet made with potatoes, sugar, marzipan, nuts,...
mmm delicius!!!	mmm, delicious!!!
i love castañada party, we have 3 parties in 1!	I love the Castañada party, we have three parties in one!
what about your halloween day??	What about your Halloween day?
will you dress up?	Will you dress up?
by the way, what time is in Hawai??	By the way, what time is it in Hawaii?
how much is the time diferences between spian and Hawai?	What's the time difference between Spain and Hawaii?
Make this interesting	Make this interesting
last night i was fighting with the girl that i love, maybe that is the reason for our fights, cause she has love, but she is so weak , so inmature, so child , i mean i love she but for that reason we have to many problems, what i can do?, help me with my english and comment about this situation if u want too :) thanks	last night i was fighting with the girl that i love, maybe that is the reason for our fights, cause she has love, but she is so weak , so inmature, so child , i mean i love she but for that reason we have to many problems, what i can do?, help me with my english and comment about this situation if u want too :) thanks
Diving is NOT easy!	Diving is NOT easy!
Hi there.	Hi there.
Well, I actually don't like english that much, but...	Well, I actually don't like english that much, but...
I feel like I should practice a little more, so I'll tell you how was my day.	I feel like I should practice a little more, so I'll tell you how was my day.
:)	:)
First, well...	First, well...
I'm a Diver, you know, that crazy people that jumps into the water with some artistry ''moves'', but I'm not that good yet, I'm just a begginer.	I'm a Diver, you know, that crazy people that jumps into the water with some artistry ''moves'', but I'm not that good yet, I'm just a begginer.
I have a diving meet the next weekend in Phoenix, and right now I have vacactions and because of that I've been training really hard, so I'll be able to medal in the meet.	I have a diving meet the next weekend in Phoenix, and right now I have vacactions and because of that I've been training really hard, so I'll be able to medal in the meet.
:)	:)
But is not that easy, it's actually pretty hard, because of fear, fear is like the worst enemy as a diver, so I tried a new dive, with a lot of fear, but I tried...	But is not that easy, it's actually pretty hard, because of fear, fear is like the worst enemy as a diver, so I tried a new dive, with a lot of fear, but I tried...
Something worst couldn't have happened, I can't tell you how exactly was, but I landed in my back on the water absolutely horizontal.	Something worst couldn't have happened, I can't tell you how exactly was, but I landed in my back on the water absolutely horizontal.
It hurts a LOT, one of the worst pains in my life, just terrible, you feel like a million of ¿needdles?	It hurts a LOT, one of the worst pains in my life, just terrible, you feel like a million of ¿needdles?
on your back.	on your back.
I gotta admit, I did cry, but not like screaming or something, haha!	I gotta admit, I did cry, but not like screaming or something, haha!
I'm not that fragile!	I'm not that fragile!
Just some tears fled from my eyes (I know this is absolutely wrong, but I don't know other way to say it...	Just some tears fled from my eyes (I know this is absolutely wrong, but I don't know other way to say it...
*blushes*)	*blushes*)
Anyway, I'm kinda scared now with this new dive, but I know I can do it!	Anyway, I'm kinda scared now with this new dive, but I know I can do it!
I won't give up, no pain no gain (:	I won't give up, no pain no gain (:
See ya!	See ya!
Help me please (:	Help me please (:
Return from vacations	Return from vacations
I've just return from a trip to the south of Brazil.	I've just return from a trip to the south of Brazil.
I enjoyed their beaches, and I messed a lot with their lenguage.	I enjoyed their beaches, and I missed a lot with their language.
I was speaking half in Spanihs, half in Portugese, so I wasn't understood by anybody.	I was speaking half in Spanish, half in Portugese, so I wasn't understood by anybody.
Now I'm back, and have to accomodate my lenguage again.	Now I'm back, and have to accomodate my language again.
Spanish is not a trouble, but today I must start writing english for my work.	Spanish is not a trouble, but today I must start writing english for my work.
Let's see how will I do it.	Let's see how will I do it.
Hi!!	Hi!!
Hello.	Hello.
My name is Claudia I'm 23 years old, I'm from Mexico and bla bla bla	My name is Claudia I'm 23 years old, I'm from Mexico and bla bla bla
greetigns	Greetings
hi i am a new user of lang-8 and i need know about this webpage .	Hi, I am a new user of lang-8 and I need to know about this webpage.
how can ilearn english here?	How can I learn English here?
thank you 	Thank you.
Hi	Hi
Welcome Summer!	Welcome Summer!
Summer begins.	Summer begins.
Perfect time to relax and go to the beach.	A perfect time to relax and go to the beach.
Make sand castles, swim a while in the sea and drink cold soda.	Make sand castles, swim a while in the sea and drink cold soda.
Take a nap under a palm tree and hang out with family and friends.	Take a nap under a palm tree and hang out with family and friends.
Have fun adventures in a very Simpsons style :D	Have fun adventures in a very Simpsons-like style :D
That sounds like a perfect summer day for me ^-^  	That sounds like a perfect summer day for me ^-^  
English practice	English practice
I have learned english in my school since i was on elementary school but i have changed of school and the school that i'm now dosen't teach very good the english.	I have learned English in my elementary school but i transferred to another school and the school in which i'm studying now dosen't teach English very well.
I think thay i may be forgetting my english because i don't use it like i used to do, i can't remembered a lot of words my pronunciation is bad all is decaying, and i don't want to loose my english because is very important in this world so i will start writting on here to practice my english more Thanks.	I think thay i may be forgetting my english because i don't use it as i used to do, i can't remember a lot of words and my pronunciation is bad. All is decaying, and i don't want to give up my english because it is very important in this world. So i will start writting here to practice my english. Thanks.
What i did today	What i did today
Today i woke up almost at 12 Pm because yesterday i slept like at 1 O'clock then i watched some television, practice, have launch, and then i went to school.	Today i woke up almost at 12 p.m. because i seemed to sleep at 1 o'clock yesterday. Then i watched television, practiced, had launch, and then i went to school. 
I had computer class today i had to make a calendar using Microsoft publisher it was easy i manage to get a good grade.	I had computer class today and i had to make a calendar with Microsoft publisher. It was easy and i managed to get a good grade.
Right now i am thinking what would i have for dinner.	Right now i am thinking what would i have for dinner.
=P	=P
Hi all	Hi all
So, I'm new here in Lang-8, I'm an 22 years old spanish guy who's currently studying mainly Japanese and English, I'm looking forward to meet new people and improve, feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.	SSo, I'm new here in Lang-8, I'm a 22 years old spanish guy who's currently studying mainly Japanese and English, I'm looking forward to meeting new people and improving myself, feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.
So, I'm new here in Lang-8, I'm an 22 years old spanish guy who's currently studying mainly Japanese and English, I'm looking forward to meet new people and improve, feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.	So, I'm new here in Lang-8, I'm an 22 years old spanish guy who's currently studying mainly Japanese and English, I'm looking forward to meeting new people and improving my language skills. Feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.
So, I'm new here in Lang-8, I'm an 22 years old spanish guy who's currently studying mainly Japanese and English, I'm looking forward to meet new people and improve, feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.	So, I'm new here in Lang-8. I'm a 22 year-old Spanish guy who's currently studying Japanese and English. I'm looking forward to meeting new people and improve. Please feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.
It rained a little at noon but right now it is very hot.	It rained a little at noon but right now it is very hot.
God!	God!
If I go out I get sunburnt!	If I go out I get sunburnt!
There is no telling when the hot season is going to end, probably soon.	There is no telling when the hot season is going to end, probably soon.
Because there is no rain the country has energetic problems, it is not fun!	Because there is no rain the country has energetic problems, it is not fun!
Do men get that they are not models?	Do men get that they are not models?
Today I was talking with a colleague about the kind of partner one wants in life.	Today I was talking with a colleague about the kind of partner one wants in life.
'That is easy' he said.	'That is easy' he said.
Immediately after this, he showed me a picture of a super model.	Immediately after this, he showed me a picture of a super model.
My first reaction was 'what's wrong with this guy'.	My first reaction was 'what's wrong with this guy'.
Ok, now let me make myself clear; he is just the kind of boy who cannot simply say 'I want a super model' xD He forms part of the average, nor handsome neither smart enough to keep a girl THAT interested.	Ok, now let me make myself clear; he is just not the kind of boy who can simply say 'I want a super model.' xD He is average: neither handsome enough nor smart enough to keep a girl THAT interested.
I wonder myself now, why do they believe they can get an outstanding girl?	I wonder to myself , why do they believe they can get an outstanding girl?
What do they exactly do for themselves to 'deserve' this kind of girls?	Just what exactly do they do for themselves to 'deserve' this kind of girl?
Aren't they just being too little realistic?	Aren't they just being a little too unrealistic?
What is the real probability for a girl to be picked up if the guy has the super model in his mind?	What are the chances of a girl being picked up if the guy has a super model on his mind?
Gosh!	Gosh!
What's up!	What's up!
Well, I'm trying to keep practicing English.	Well, I'm trying to keep practicing English.
Sadly no one wants to help me xD	Sadly no one wants to help me xD
whatever, I'm new in this blog and I have no idea how this works!	Whatever, I'm new to this blog and I have no idea how this works!
Do I have to talk about something in particular?	Do I have to talk about something in particular?
or maybe give a topic, who knows!	or maybe give a topic, who knows!
xoxox	xoxox
Health food.	Healthy food.
We must eat good because if we don't eat properly maybe in the future we'll have problem of health.	We must eat good because if we don't eat properly, we'll have health problems in the future.
For this reason it's important eat different types of dishes, for example pasta, rice, soup, spaghetti or paella, vegetables, legumes, cold meat, fruit and also it's important eat bread and drink four litres of water a day.	For this reason, it's important to eat different types of dishes, for example: pasta, rice, soup, spaghetti or paella, vegetables, legumes, cold meat, and fruit. It's also important to eat bread and drink four liters of water a day.
If you want eat once a week a piece of chocolate or different variety of sweet don't worry you can eat it because also it's good for your organism because need sugar.	If you want to eat a piece of chocolate once a week, or different variety of sweets, don't worry. You can eat it because it's good for your organism, which needs sugar.
In my opinion mediterranean food in this moment it's the best food in the world because have differents thing that are good for our organism and american food with hamburger and hot dog it's bad because produces lot of fat.	In my opinion, Mediterranean food is the best food in the world, because they have different things that are good for our organisms. Unlike Mediterranean food, American food like hamburgers and hot dogs are bad, because they produce alot of fat.
e-mail	e-mail
Hello sister,	Hello sister,
Thanks for your letter, which I got a couple of days ago.	Thanks for your letter, which I got a couple of days ago.
sorry, I've taken so long to to write you.	sorry, I've taken so long to write to you.
How are you?	How are you?
I hope you are well.	I hope you are well.
I was looking forward to writing you because I have lot of things that you don't know.	I was looking forward to writing you because I have lot of things that you don't know.
First of all I have a new roommate, whose name is peter, I knew him in the university because it also is my classmate.	First of all I have a new roommate, whose name is Peter, I knew him in the university because he also is my classmate.
In the university I have known lot of people and this weekend probably we will have a party in one house of them.	In the university I have known lot of people and this weekend probably we will have a party in one of the house of the people I know.
The teachers are young and they seem funny.	The teachers are young and they seem funny.
Finally, I have found a new work, I'll work on a Friday night and after that, I will go out with my friends.	Finally, I have found a new work, I'll work on a Friday night and after that, I will go out with my friends.
bye 	bye 
write soon.	write soon.
Tv in spain	Tv in spain
In spain we can watch different channels such as tve, antena 3, telecinco but at night I should choose a program.	In spain we can watch different channels such as tve, antena 3, telecinco but at night I should choose a program.
I like watching show programs or entertaiment programs because I learn new things and I pass a good time with my family also I love watch science programs such CSI or "Urgencias" because I learn how act in case that in my city pass a crime or even that my family would suffer medical problem.	I like watching show programs or entertaiment programs because I learn new things and I pass a good time with my family. Also, I love watching science programs such as CSI or "Urgencias" because I learn what to do in case there is a crime in my city or my family would suffer medical problem.
In several times I like watching comedy serial because I laugh when I stay sad.	Oftentimes, I like watching comedy serial because it makes me laugh when I am sad.
I don't like gossips programs that speak of other people,  but in Spain there are lots of viewers that watch this type of programs and the channel that put this type of program win lot of money.	I don't like gossips programs that speak of other people, but in Spain there are lots of viewers that watch this type of programs, and the channel that put this type of program earn lost of money.
In Spain there are lots of advertisement because channels need money to pay the actor and actress, in my opinion it's bored because if you watch a film you see more commercials that film.	In Spain there are lots of advertisement because channels need money to pay the actor and actress. In my opinion, it's boring, because if you watch a film you see more commercials than the film.
Also in Spain you can buy satelite and see more channels.	Also in Spain you can buy satellite and see more channels.
Sports	Sports
I'm going to talk about doing canoe, doing cycling and doing horse riding.	I'm going to talk about doing canoe, doing cycling and doing horse riding.
If you practice canoe it's important have a good arm because you put all force in your arm but in cycling you put all force in your legs, if you doing horse riding it's easier because you should say at horse where it must go, but you don't put your force in one specific part of your body.	If you practice canoe it's important have a good arm because you put all force in your arm but in cycling you put all force in your legs, if you doing horse riding it's easier because you should say at horse where it must go, but you don't put your force in one specific part of your body.
In my opinion horse riding it's funnier than cycling because you can jump or run in different zones of the circuit but if you practice cycling you put the intensity in the cycle.	In my opinion horse riding it's funnier than cycling because you can jump or run in different zones of the circuit but if you practice cycling you put the intensity in the cycle.
canoe it's funny if you go with other person or with one group and do competition with they and in my opinion it's the only sport of the three that only can doing in summer because if you can do cycling you can do inside and the same with horse riding in this case it's more complicated but you can it, also if you doing canoe you must have careful because if you don't know swim and the rive goes quick it's is posible that if you fall out you can drown, this sport it's the most dangerous sport of three.	canoe it's funny if you go with other person or with one group and do competition with they and in my opinion it's the only sport of the three that only can doing in summer because if you can do cycling you can do inside and the same with horse riding in this case it's more complicated but you can it, also if you doing canoe you must have careful because if you don't know swim and the rive goes quick it's is posible that if you fall out you can drown, this sport it's the most dangerous sport of three.
New technologies.	New technologies.
In spain the new technologies are important for differents reasons, first of all all companies are comunicated to the rest of the world with computers and secondly if the director need speak seriously in one moment uses her mobile phone, also it's necesary that all people know how use this instruments because if they use wrong the object they finish the comunication with the rest of the world.	In spain the new technologies are important for differents reasons, first of all all companies are comunicated to the rest of the world with computers and secondly if the director need speak seriously in one moment uses her mobile phone, also it's necesary that all people know how use this instruments because if they use wrong the object they finish the comunication with the rest of the world.
In school it's important the use of computers and electronic blackboard because the children learn better because they put more attention in the lesson, teacher use this technology for send a message to parents, give information, put a film, information to copy or stay in contact with children.	In school it's important the use of computers and electronic blackboard because the children learn better because they put more attention in the lesson, teacher use this technology for send a message to parents, give information, put a film, information to copy or stay in contact with children.
Finally if you go out with friends or stay far away and need anything, you can put in contact with your family thanks to mobile phone in this case because you stay in the street, also if you go on holidays you can use the GPS for go better and know for where go and don't arrive late.	Finally if you go out with friends or stay far away and need anything, you can put in contact with your family thanks to mobile phone in this case because you stay in the street, also if you go on holidays you can use the GPS for go better and know for where go and don't arrive late.
In my opinion new technologies do better our life because it help people in any situation.	In my opinion new technologies do better our life because it help people in any situation.
Pets	Pets
People buy different types of animals because need somebody who stay with her or him in house for not stay alone and he or she doesn’t pass frightened.	People buy different types of animals because need somebody who stay with her or him in house for not stay alone and he or she doesn’t pass frightened.
Nowadays the pets more used in the city are; dog that is the best friend of human, cat that can keep human company, fish a beautiful animal or mouse an animal that more people don’t like because they say that it’s a bad animal.	Nowadays the pets more used in the city are; dog that is the best friend of human, cat that can keep human company, fish a beautiful animal or mouse an animal that more people don’t like because they say that it’s a bad animal.
In countryside, people have other type of animals such horse for going countryside or practice horse riding, rabbit that can be a good pet or different bird such a parrot that sing in the morning.	In countryside, people have other type of animals such horse for going countryside or practice horse riding, rabbit that can be a good pet or different bird such a parrot that sing in the morning.
In my opinion if you want to have a pet in your house it is necessary have different care because not all animal need the same care.	In my opinion if you want to have a pet in your house it is necessary have different care because not all animal need the same care.
For example all animals need eat but not all eat the same also animal need have a shower twice a week for stay clean and finally all animals must go to see a doctor one or twice a year for put a vaccinate or have a revision of his/her health.	For example all animals need eat but not all eat the same also animal need have a shower twice a week for stay clean and finally all animals must go to see a doctor one or twice a year for put a vaccinate or have a revision of his/her health.
Even if you want to go on holidays don’t leave your pet alone in your house because you pet maybe die because it eat all in the same day or don’t have water, you must search a place where you can leave during your holidays and then you can pass to catch it.	Even if you want to go on holidays don’t leave your pet alone in your house because you pet maybe die because it eat all in the same day or don’t have water, you must search a place where you can leave during your holidays and then you can pass to catch it.
Mamma mia film	Mamma mia film
Mamma mia is a comedy film where two young are getting married, but the girl need know which is her father because she want that her father take her to the altar.	Mamma mia is a comedy film where two young people are getting married, but the girl needs to know where is her father because she wants that her father will take her to the altar.
The young woman send one letter to her three possible fathers, in the three letters, she says that she is Donna and she want that he stays in the wedding of her daughter but is the girl who sends a card.	The young woman sends one letter to her three possible fathers, in the three letters, she said that she is Donna and she wants that he stays in the wedding of her daughter but she is the girl who sends the card.
When the three men arrive to the isle, they find sophie and she says them that her mother doesn't know that they are there.	When the three men arrive to the isle, they found Sophie and she said to them that her mother doesn't know that they are there.
In the end Sophie and her boyfriend don't marry but Donna is getting married with the father of sophie.	In the end, Sophie and her boyfriend didn't marry but Donna is getting married with the father of sophie.
I recommend you this film because you pass a great afternoon or a good night.	I recommend you this film because you will pass a great afternoon or a good night.
Means of transport	Means of transport
In Spain you can find different types of transport such train, car or if you prefer that somebody carry you to the place, you can put your finger in the road when pass a car, a van, a motorbike… but you should be careful because don’t all people are good.	In Spain you can find different types of transport such train, car or if you prefer that somebody carry you to the place, you can put your finger in the road when pass a car, a van, a motorbike… but you should be careful because don’t all people are good.
In my opinion it’s more comfortable and secure the train because you can go sit all time and when you arrive at place you can heard that the train arrive at the place that you desire, it’s a bit expensive that go in your car but if you go in this transport you can read a book, listen music, watch a film or sleep.	In my opinion it’s more comfortable and secure the train because you can go sit all time and when you arrive at place you can heard that the train arrive at the place that you desire, it’s a bit expensive that go in your car but if you go in this transport you can read a book, listen music, watch a film or sleep.
I think that put your finger in the road it’s more dangerous that go in your car for several reason; If the weather it’s hot and you don’t have water maybe you can feel dizzy.	I think that put your finger in the road it’s more dangerous that go in your car for several reason; If the weather it’s hot and you don’t have water maybe you can feel dizzy.
Also, if the cars go fast probably you can be hit and hurt violently and die or in the worst of the case the person who carry you, he can sequestrate you.	Also, if the cars go fast probably you can be hit and hurt violently and die or in the worst of the case the person who carry you, he can sequestrate you.
Finally if you want to go at different places and don’t have transport you have two possibilities, first pay and go in train that it’s the best secure transport in the world or say a family or a friend that you need that he or she carries you.	Finally if you want to go at different places and don’t have transport you have two possibilities, first pay and go in train that it’s the best secure transport in the world or say a family or a friend that you need that he or she carries you.
Formal letter	Formal letter
The big house 20	The big house 20
20087	20087
20 September 2011	20 September 2011
The small restaurant 1	The small restaurant 1
Dear paul, 	Dear Paul, 
I was looking forward to writing you because I will like to work in your restaurant.	I was looking forward to writing you because I would like to work in your restaurant.
I have a good experience in restaurants because I have worked in a pub as a waitress during five years but now this pub have closed, also I have worked in the stand of partys of valladolid.	I have a good experience in restaurants because I have worked in a pub as a waitress for five years but now this pub have closed, I also have worked in the stand of partys of valladolid.
I speak very good english even french and spanish because it is my langue.	I speak very good english even french and spanish because it is my language.
However I need to work on weekend because I study in an university, anyway if I have to work also on Friday night I can.	However, I need to work on a weekend because I study in an university, anyway if I have to work also on a Friday night I can.
I look forward to hearing from you.	I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully.	Yours faithfully.
Signature	Signature
Alba ------    ----------	Alba ------    ----------
what do you prefer stay in a camping or in an appartment?¿	what do you prefer stay in a camping or in an appartment?¿
I prefer staying in one appartment because I think that it´s more confortable that staying in a camping.	I prefer staying in one appartment because I think that it´s more confortable that staying in a camping.
In this place it's posible that you find differents types of small animals, such us mouses, snakes, bats...	In this place it's posible that you find differents types of small animals, such us mouses, snakes, bats...
but if you stay in an appartment maybe you can see since your window the beach or the montains, it depends where you stay also if you go to appartment you can cooking when you want in your kitchen but if you prefer doing a barbacue it's better going to a camping, because this thing you mustn't do in a appartment because is dangerous, you can burn the house, also you can turn off the fire when you finish the food because if you don't turn off the fire you can burn the trees or montains.	but if you stay in an appartment maybe you can see since your window the beach or the montains, it depends where you stay also if you go to appartment you can cooking when you want in your kitchen but if you prefer doing a barbacue it's better going to a camping, because this thing you mustn't do in a appartment because is dangerous, you can burn the house, also you can turn off the fire when you finish the food because if you don't turn off the fire you can burn the trees or montains.
In my opinion if you want know new people and talks with them , you choose a camping but if you want to stay alone you must choose an appartment.	In my opinion if you want know new people and talks with them , you choose a camping but if you want to stay alone you must choose an appartment.
Young people	Young people
Nowadays young people have different hobbies, much of all young often go to discos or pubs and they pass all afternoon and night drinking a soft drinks or alcoholic drinks if they are eighteen years also they talk with their friends or new people and even they dance.	Nowadays, young people have different hobbies. Much of all young people often go to discos or pubs and they pass all afternoon and night drinking soft drinks or alcoholic drinks. And if they are eighteen years old also they talk with their friends or new people and even they dance.
Other young people prefer go out with their friends and do other things such practice sport for example futbol or basketball, going to the cinema, to the theatre or going to the restaurant for dinner and pass all night talking about their life.	Other young people preferred to go out with their friends and do other things such practice sport for example futbol or basketball, going to the cinema, to the theatre or going to the restaurant for dinner and pass all night talking about their life.
There are young people that prefer stay in their home and studying or doing her homework and then have a rest listening music or drawing.	There are young people that will prefer to stay in their home and study or do her homework and then have a rest listening music or drawing.
Amen	Amen
Rain was falling today as strong as it was when it started falling, all of the sudden, three months ago.	Rain was falling today as strong as it was when it started falling, all of the sudden, three months ago.
If this wasn't a hill, he thought, we would be thirteen feet underwater by now.	If this wasn't a hill, he thought, we would be thirteen feet underwater by now.
But it was a hill, and the water goes down hills.	But it was a hill, and water goes down hills. The is not necessary here.
He didn't even remember how the sky looked like.	He didn't even remember what the sky looked like.
He didn't even remember how the sky looked like.	He didn't even remember the sky looked like. You could say "how the sky looked" or "what the sky looked like"
There where they.	There they were.
The two of them.	The two of them.
Three, she corrected him.	Three, she corrected him.
Three, because the dos is also family.	Three, because the dog is also family.
The only thing that dog has served us is to make our food supplies end sooner, he corrected her.	The only thing that dog has served us is to make our food supplies end sooner, he corrected her. "Served is incorrect here".  You mean to say "The only thing that dog has done for us is make our...
Now you would dare to say we're four if there was a rat or a chicken on the hill.	Now you would dare to say we're four if there was a rat or a chicken on the hill. Did you mean "Would you dare to say...."
But there was nothing left.	But there was nothing left.
Except for them.	Except for them.
The three of them.	The three of them.
The Saint Isidore remained motionless looking through the window where it was placed since the rain started to ruin the harvest, almost three months ago.	The Saint Isidore remained motionless looking through the window where it was placed since the rain started to ruin the harvest, almost three months ago.   Since would be correct in Spanish, but in English you would indicate the time passage with "when the rain started..." 
It looks like he likes the rain, he thought, if he had it his way it would never stop raining.	It looks like he likes the rain, he thought, if he had it his way, it would never stop raining.
He took the figure on his hand and felt the urge of throwing it away so it would break.	He took the figure in his hand and felt the urge of throwing it away so it would break.
He took the figure on his hand and felt the urge of throwing it away so it would break.	He took the figure on his hand and felt the urge of throwing it away so it would break. to throw it..present tense 
The truth was the destiny of Saint Isidore, the dog, even hers, didn't care anymore.	The truth was that the destiny of Saint Isidore, the dog, even hers, didn't care anymore.
The truth was the destiny of Saint Isidore, the dog, even hers, didn't care anymore.	The truth was the destiny of Saint Isidore, the dog, even hers, didn't care anymore. If you used "that the destiny" you'd say "didn't matter anymore to him".  Or you could say, The truth was he didn't care anymore about the destiny of ..."
Thousands of little pieces...	Thousands of little pieces...
The desperate shout.	The desperate shout.
Did you throw Saint Isidore out of the window!?	Did you throw Saint Isidore out of the window!?
The insufferable crying.	The insufferable crying.
He was the only one that could stop this rain sent to us by Satan!	He was the only one that could stop this rain sent to us by Satan!
The endless barks of the dog.	The endless barks of the dog. "barking of the dog"  You need to use the verb form here because this is an action.
All-night-long.	All-night-long.
The headache.	The headache.
Only imagining the scene persuaded him to put back the saint to its place.	Only imagining the scene persuaded him to put back the saint to its place.
He felt miserable.	He felt miserable.
Again.	Again.
Rather, he realized again he was.	Rather, he realized again he was miserable.
A cramp in his stomach made him forgot about the figure.	A cramp in his stomach made him forgot about the figure.
They hadn't eaten anything in weeks.	They hadn't eaten anything in weeks.
He didn't understand why they hadn't died yet.	He didn't understand why they hadn't died yet.
At first he was waiting for the dog to die.	At first he was waiting for the dog to die.
She would have never let him kill it, so he had no choice.	She would have never let him kill it, so he had no choice.
How much can a dog stand without eating?...	How much can a dog stand without eating?... It would be clearer to say "How long can a dog last without eating?"
Apparently a lot, because after a week without food, the dog looked the same as always.	Apparently a lot, because after a week without food, the dog looked the same as always.
It must be eating something, and it eats all itself.	It must be eating something, and it eats all itself. I'm not sure if you mean to say "it eats all by itself" implying that the others don't see him eating.  
Now it was thin, but it didn't appear sick.	Now it was thin, but it didn't appear sick.
He desisted on waiting.	He desisted on waiting. While formally correct, desisted from is more formal and less colloquial speech than the rest of the story.  It would perhaps be better to say "He stopped waiting"
After that, he wanted to die.	After that, he wanted to die.
It didn't matter.	It didn't matter.
The rain would never end anyway.	The rain would never end anyway.
He thought about killing himself, but when he had the gun loaded he imagines himself devoured by the dog.	He thought about killing himself, but when he had the gun loaded, he imagines himself devoured by the dog.
He thought about killing himself, but when he had the gun loaded he imagines himself devoured by the dog.	He thought about killing himself, but when he had the gun loaded he imagines himself devoured by the dog. "imagined" himself.  Imagines would be present tense and he is thinking of himself in the future.  I think this is conditional tense. though I'm not sure of the tense but I know "imagined" would be correct.
Never.	Never.
He threw the pistol downhill through the window.	He threw the pistol downhill through the window.
Damn dog.	Damn dog.
However, he recently realized the dog was not guilty.	However, he recently realized the dog was not guilty.
The dog didn't put the statue on the window frame when it looked like it was going to clear up.	The dog didn't put the statue on the window frame when it looked like it was going to clear up.
The dog didn't took his food and served it on its own plate.	The dog didn't take his food and served it on its own plate.
The dog didn't took his food and served it on its own plate.	The dog didn't took his food and serve it on its own plate.
The dog didn't start the rain.	The dog didn't start the rain.
The dog didn't yell at him without reason and the dog didn't expend the nights praying and crying.	The dog didn't yell at him without reason, and the dog didn't expend the nights praying and crying.
The dog didn't yell at him without reason and the dog didn't expend the nights praying and crying.	The dog didn't yell at him without reason and the dog didn't expend the nights praying and crying. "spend the nights"  Expend really has a slightly different meaning, usually referring to spending money.
In short, the dog didn't destroy the improvised raft because it was too dangerous for the dog.	In short, the dog didn't destroy the improvised raft because it was too dangerous for the dog.
It could drown.	It could drown.
But he didn't thought the dog cared about drowning.	But he didn't think the dog cared about drowning.
No, the dog is not guilty.	No, the dog is not guilty.
When it dies I will eat it with honors.	When it dies, I will eat it with honors.
When it dies I will eat it with honors.	When it dies I will eat it with honors.   You only eat it with "honor" singular.
It was easy to know who was, one way or another, the cause of that infinite rain.	It was easy to know who was, one way or another, the cause of that infinite rain.
He thought about killing her since he knew.	He thought about killing her since he knew.
Then, when it clears out, I'll eat the dog.	Then, when it clears out, I'll eat the dog.
He was thinking all of this while sit in a corner of the room that served as a living room, dining room and kitchen of the house.	He was thinking all of this while sitting in a corner of the room that served as a living room, dining room, and kitchen of the house.
In the other corner there was she.	In the other corner there was she.
She was caressing the dog.	She was caressing the dog.
Saint Isidore was between they both, without looking at them.	Saint Isidore was between them both, looking away from them.
He was watching the rain.	He was watching the rain.
He rose from the floor with a log in his hand.	He rose from the floor with a log in his hand.
The dog started barking.	The dog started barking.
He could not stand an interruption.	He could not stand an interruption.
He took it from the back and threw it against the wall.	He took it from the back and threw it against the wall.
She stood still.	She stood still.
He went closer, but she was still there, like if she was dead.	He went closer, but she was still there, if she was dead."like" is not necessary.
Could she be dead?	Could she be dead?
He came closer to see if she was breathing and felt a bite in his leg.	He came closer to see if she was breathing and felt a bite in his leg.
He released the wood.	He released the wood.
She got up like if she was waiting for the dog to defend her.	She got up if she was waiting for the dog to defend her. "as if"
Like if everything was already planned.	Like if everything was already planned. you could say "like everything was planned", or "as if" 
She picked up the log, while he was struggling with the dog.	She picked up the log while he was struggling with the dog.
I told you the dog was untouchable, honey.	I told you the dog was untouchable, honey.
A thunder fell and, without knowing why, he remembered it was raining.	A lightning bolt fell, and, without knowing why, he remembered it was raining.
A thunder fell and, without knowing why, he remembered it was raining.	A thunder fell and, without knowing why, he remembered it was raining. You could say "There was a thunder clap".
The dog tore apart a part of his leg and he finally took it off with a kick.	The dog tore apart a part of his leg, and he finally took it off with a kick.
The dog tore apart a part of his leg and he finally took it off with a kick.	The dog tore part of his leg and he finally "got rid of it".
She rose the wood.	She raised the wood.
He wanted to step away to prepare a counter attack.	He wanted to step away to prepare a counter attack.
At least so she doesn't fuck me up badly.	At least so she doesn't fuck me up badly. So at least she doesn't fuck me up badly"
But his injured leg couldn't stand his weight and he stumbled.	But his injured leg couldn't stand his weight, and he stumbled.
Saint Isidore wasn't waiting for that.	Saint Isidore wasn't waiting for that. I think you mean "Saint Isidore wasn't expecting that".
By a clumsy slap, he flew away through the window.	By a clumsy slap, he flew through the window.
Even with the rain the sound of Saint Isidore breaking in to pieces was perfectly audible.	Even with the rain the sound of Saint Isidore breaking in to pieces was perfectly audible. "into" should be one word.
Twenty-three.	Twenty-three.
Her eyes shone full of despair and rage.	Her eyes shone full of despair and rage.
He rose his arms crossed, to stop the hit, but an absurd idea made him lost concentration.	He raised his arms crossed, to stop the hit, but an absurd idea made him lost concentration.
He rose his arms crossed, to stop the hit, but an absurd idea made him lost concentration.	He rose his arms crossed, to stop the hit, but an absurd idea made him lost concentration.He raised his arms....made him lose his concentration."
Twenty-three little pieces were way less than thousands little pieces.	Twenty-three little pieces were way less than thousands of little pieces.
The dog was running to him.	The dog was running to him.
He closed his eyes.	He closed his eyes.
The log fell from her hands at the same time the dog stopped barking.	The log fell from her hands at the same time the dog stopped barking.
He opened his eyes without knowing if he was still alive or not, but then he didn't care if he was.	He opened his eyes without knowing if he was still alive or not, but then he didn't care if he was.
He saw the other two looking stunned through the window, then he saw what they were looking at.	He saw the other two looking stunned through the window, then he saw what they were looking at.
It was the sky.	It was the sky.
--------------------	--------------------
I know dialogues should have quotations marks, but I want the text to flow, so let it be a literacy whim xD	I know dialogues should have quotations marks, but I want the text to flow, so let it be a literacy whim xD
I hope you like the story!	I hope you like the story!
(Very) Short Story	(Very) Short Story
He always thought he was the only one in the whole world, 	He always thought he was the only one in the whole world, 
until he heard somebody announcing his death.	until he heard somebody announcing his death.
I've been busy in school...	I've been busy in school...
...	...
So I bring you my homework (that I wrote in English, I hope my teacher doesn't mind it).	So I bring you my homework (that I wrote in English, I hope my teacher doesn't mind ).
It's long, so it's ok if you just want to comment...	It's long, so it's ok if you just want to comment...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Animal that Is Just Like a Distributed Operating System	The Animal that Is Just Like a System I'm not sure what you mean here. Perhaps "like a distribution system"?
In our beloved earth, there are some animals that act more or less like a distributed operating system.	On our beloved earth, there are some animals that act more or less like a distribution system.
There is one, though, that is even more similar to them than ants.	There is one, though, that is even more similar to them than ants.
This animal can be found everywhere on earth.	This animal can be found everywhere on earth.
It has a very prolific nature and has done lots of things through its evolution to adapt better to the diverse environments where it lives.	It has a very prolific nature and has done lots of things through its evolution to adapt better to the diverse environments in which it lives.
Its life begins when a female gives birth to it, usually in presence of other animals of the same species, in what appears to be some kind of show.	Its life begins when a female gives birth to it, usually in presence of other animals of the same species, in what appears to be some kind of show.
The first days of its live it can’t survive by itself, depending on her mother for everything, from eating to keeping it away of dangers.	The first days of its life it can’t survive by itself, depending on its' mother for everything, from eating to keeping it away from danger.
In most cases the male progenitor also stays with the newborn and its mother, but that it’s not necessary for its survival, and there are thousands of known cases where it stays only with its mother.	In most cases the male progenitor also stays with the newborn and its mother, but that is not necessary for its survival, and there are thousands of known cases where it stays only with its mother.
In rare cases the newborn can survive without its mother.	In rare cases the newborn can survive without its mother.
After the newborn is able to walk, and sometimes even before, it’s taken by its parents to coexist with other youngsters, where they leave it sometimes to go look for food.	After the newborn is able to walk, and sometimes even before, it’s taken by its parents to be with other youngsters, and they leave it sometimes to go look for food.
The newborn is supposed to be always guarded by another grown-up, sometimes younger than the parents, to prevent it from suffering injuries or attacks.	The newborn is supposed to always be guarded by another grown-up, sometimes one younger than the parents, to prevent it from s. being injured or attacked
After some time, it coexists with different youngsters, always around its own age, as well as some other species of animals.	After some time, it stays with different youngsters, always around its own age, as well as some other species of animals.
This process is always guarded by grown-ups, whom in this period don’t only look at them but teach them some survival skills.	It is always guarded by grown-ups, whom in this period don’t only guard them but teach them some survival skills.
This animal has the particularity of not (usually) mating after they are able to, but some time later.	This animal has the peculiarity of not (usually) mating after they are able to, but some time later.
That may because of outside factors, though, because it varies with regions and there are documents that prove that long ago the females mated just after their first menstruation.	That may because of outside factors, though, because it varies with regions and there are documents that prove that long ago the females mated just after their first menstruation.
Also, some recent studies suggest that mating ages started to get lower in the last years.	Also, some recent studies suggest that mating ages have started to get lower in the past few years.
As almost every other animal, these animals are polygamists.	As with almost every other animal, these animals are polygamists.
This has helped to their proliferation.	This has helped their proliferation.
This species is also known for its violent temper, they kill other animals for food, but also for what it looks like mere fun.	This species is also known for its violent temper ;they kill other animals for food, but also for what looks like mere fun.
Also, they usually kill each other, for food, territories or sexual partners.	Also, they often kill each other, for food, territories or sexual partners. I wouldn't say "usually"--we're not that bad!
It likes to stay in very big herds, and it’s rare when one of them lives completely alone (that usually ends with the animal killing himself).	It likes to stay in very big herds, and it’s rare when one of them lives completely alone (that usually ends with the animal killing himself).
Their organization is very layered and pyramidal, with few herd leaders and many members of the herd, some of them can even be sacrificed if the leader feels it’s the best for the herd.	Their organization is very layered and pyramidal, with a few herd leaders and many members of the herd Some of them can even be sacrificed if the leader feels it’s the best for the herd.
When the animal grows old, its destiny depends on many factors through its live	When the animal grows old, its destiny depends on many factors t in its' life.
Its position in its herd changes the way it can spend its last years of life.	Its position in its herd determines the way it can spend its last years of life.
A herd leader can live peacefully once he has given the herd control to a younger member.	A herd leader can live peacefully once he has given the herd control to a younger member.
In the other hand, a low level member can only aspire to get attention from its closest relatives in the herd, and its dead will pass unnoticed to the herd.	On the other hand, a low level member can only hope to get attention from its closest relatives in the herd, and its dead will pass unnoticed by the herd.
As I have spoken about the life of this animal, now I would like to explain how does it relate to the five design principles of distributed systems.	As I have spoken about the life of this animal, now I would like to explain how it relates to the five design principles of distributed systems. I guess "distributed systems" is a technical term?
First principle is Transparency.	First principle is Transparency.
Even when the whole herd is made of many members (from tens to thousands), we, as well as other herds, can easily group them into a herd with unique characteristics that not only makes it different from other herds, but a single force that can be moved to one direction if the leader wants to (using various methods).	Even when the herd is made of many members (from tens to thousands), we, as well as other herds, can easily group them into a herd with unique characteristics that not only make it different from other herds, but make it a single force that can be moved in one direction if the leader wants it to (using various methods).
The second principle is Flexibility.	The second principle is Flexibility.
As an animal that lives in herds, and those herds are stratified, you can easily compare them to a microkernel, where there’s one kernel that controls other modules that are in charge of the operations of the system.	As an animal that lives in herds, and as those herds are stratified, you can easily compare them to a microkernel, where there’s one kernel that controls other modules that are in charge of the operations of the system.
The leader of the herd delegates some of its tasks to high-level members of the herd, and sometimes this repeats more times, until it gets to all the herd.	The leader of the herd delegates some of its tasks to high-level members of the herd, and sometimes this is repeated s many times, until the tasks get to all of the herd.
The third principle is Reliability.	The third principle is Reliability.
Any member of the herd, even the leader, is not essential.	Any member of the herd, even the leader, is not essential.
If it is sick, goes, changes of herd or dies, it gets replaced promptly, and even when if the member was important it generates some trouble, it’s absence doesn’t compromise the welfare of the herd.	If it is sick, leaves changes herds or dies, it gets replaced promptly, and even if the member was important and the change generates some trouble, its' absence doesn’t compromise the welfare of the herd.
Fourth principle is Performance.	Fourth principle is Performance.
Being a herd animal makes this point obvious.	Being a herd animal makes this point obvious.
It works way better in groups, grouping lets it achieve almost any goal that the herd leader wants to achieve.	It works way better in groups, grouping lets it achieve almost any goal that the herd leader wants to achieve.
It’s said that a herd focused in a goal can only be hampered by natural laws or by a more powerful herd.	It’s said that a herd focused on a goal can only be hindered by natural laws or by a more powerful herd.
The last principle is Scalability.	The last principle is Scalability.
When a herd needs or wants (to achieve something faster, for example) more individuals, the new members can join it as it’s needed in a way almost unnoticeable, which makes this one of the best qualities of the animal.	When a herd needs or wants (to achieve something faster, for example) more individuals, the new members can join it as s needed in a way that is almost unnoticeable, This is one of the best qualities of this animal.
As with distributed operating systems, the herd should be careful about new members that can affect negatively the whole system.	As with distributed operating systems, the herd should be careful about new members that can negatively affect the whole system.
And this is how Homo Sapiens is, in my opinion, the animal that mos resembles a distributed operating system.	And this is how Homo Sapiens is, in my opinion, the animal that most resembles a distributed operating system works.
The Door Was Open	The Door Was Open
The door was open.	The door was open.
I was walking without heading anywhere when I saw the house.	I was walking without heading anywhere when I saw the house.
It was bigger from what I remembered, or so it looked.	It was bigger from what I remembered, or so it looked.
I got closer to it, while I was remembering everything I’ve heard about that house when I lived in the city, long time ago.	I got closer to it, while I was remembering everything I’ve heard about that house when I lived in the city, a long time ago.
I pressed the doorbell, but I didn’t hear any sound, so I knocked the door.	I pressed the doorbell, but I didn’t hear any sound, so I knocked on the door.
When I did, I noticed it wasn’t closed.	When I did, I noticed it wasn’t closed.
I pushed it and came in.	I pushed it and came in.
“An ordinary and common house”, I tought.	“An ordinary and common house”, I thought.
“An ordinary and common house”, I tought.	“An ordinary and common house”, I thought.
“An ordinary and common house”, I tought.	“An ordinary and common house,” I thought.
“An ordinary and common house”, I tought.	“An ordinary and common house,” I thought.
The door closed behind me.	The door closed behind me.
I turned over, scared, but I understood it should be the wind.	I turned over, scared, but I understood it should be the wind.
-What can I do for you?- I heard the voice of an old woman upstairs.	"What can I do for you?" I heard the voice of an old woman upstairs.
-Oh, sorry, Mrs, the door was open and...- I answered nervous.	"Oh, sorry, Mrs., the door was open and...," I answered nervous.
-But now it’s closed, right?	"But now it’s closed, right?"
-Well, yeah, it looks like the wind closed it...	"Well, yeah, it looks like the wind closed it..."
-Oh, of course, the wind...	"Oh, of course, the wind...
you should be more careful, youngster...	you should be more careful, youngster..."
-Well now, excuse me, I’ve got to go now...- I said, opening the door.	"Well now, excuse me, I’ve got to go now..." I said, opening the door.
“An ordinary and common house”, I tought.	“An ordinary and common house”, I thought.
“An ordinary and common house”, I tought.	“An ordinary and common house”, I thought.
“An ordinary and common house”, I tought.	“An ordinary and common house,” I thought.
“An ordinary and common house”, I tought.	“An ordinary and common house,” I thought.
The door closed behind me.	The door closed behind me.
I turned over,  very scared.	I turned over again, very scared.
-What can I do for you?	"What can I do for you?"
I was inside of the house again.	I was inside of the house again.
------	------
I wrote this short story a long time ago!	I wrote this short story a long time ago!
So I have to introduce myself in English too? Oh, well~	So I have to introduce myself in English too? Oh, well~
Hello, everyone my name is (not) Kirby, I'm from Mexico and I'm trying to improve my English.	Hello, everyone my name is (not) Kirby, I'm from Mexico and I'm trying to improve my English.
I studied it on an English school, but didn't finish, so I think there might be stuff I need to learn.	I studied it at an English school, but didn't finish, so I think there might be stuff I need to learn.
I also want to learn more British English, because I was taught American English (but I also want to get better on it, so don't hesitate to correct me, Americans).	I also want to learn more British English, because I was taught American English (but I also want to get better at that, so don't hesitate to correct me, Americans).
I like my girlfriend, and drawing!	I like my girlfriend, and drawing!
I hope I can make lots of friends on the website, and also I want to help people that wants to learn Spanish, so if you need any help, I'll be there to help you ^^!	I hope I can make lots of friends on the website, and also I want to help people that want to learn Spanish, so if you need any help, I'll be there to help you ^^!
Bye bee~	Bye bee~
Run Rabbit Junk	Run Rabbit Junk
you’ve makin’ me	you’re makin’ me
mad enough, sir	mad enough, sir
boom, boom	boom, boom
you’re done, sir	you’re done, sir
When I opened my eyes, the lighthouse beam hit his back and I could saw his silhouette, he was less than five steps in front of me.	When I opened my eyes, the lighthouse beam hit his back and I could see his silhouette; he was less than five steps in front of me.
I think I could saw a hat in his head.	I think I could see a hat on his head.
I think I could saw a hat in his head.	I think I saw a hat on his head. This story seems to be about an event in the past, hence the past tense.
The two men dressed in black suits that took me there released my arms.	The two men dressed in black suits that took me here let go of my arms.
The two men dressed in black suits that took me there released my arms.	The two men dressed in black suits that had taken me there released my arms. this was past tense
I thought on running away, but the next beam of the lighthouse let me saw that there were at least fifty men, all of them in black suits, around us.	I thought of running away, but the next beam of the lighthouse I saw that there were at least fifty men, all of them in black suits, around us.
I thought on running away, but the next beam of the lighthouse let me saw that there were at least fifty men, all of them in black suits, around us.	I thought of running away, but in the next beam of the lighthouse I saw that there were at least fifty men, all of them in black suits, around us.
It was futile.	It was futile.
I felt on my knees, part because I was asking for forgiveness, part because I couldn’t stand on my right here, maybe it was broken.	I felt on my knees, partly because I was asking for forgiveness, partly because I couldn’t stand on my own right here, maybe it was broken.
I felt on my knees, part because I was asking for forgiveness, part because I couldn’t stand on my right here, maybe it was broken.	I fell to my knees, in part because I was asking for forgiveness, in part because I couldn’t stand on my right knee, perhaps or it might have been that it was broken.
A storm was incoming and the clouds didn’t let a little moonlight pass.	A storm was coming, and the clouds didn’t let any moonlight pass.
Suddenly I could feel his presence in the darkness.	Suddenly I could feel his presence in the darkness.
The man in the middle crouched in front of me.	The man in the middle crouched in front of me.
I looked up only to feel how the brass knuckle protecting his left hand crashed against the right side of my face.	I looked up only to feel the brass knuckle protecting his left hand crash against the right side of my face.
I felt in the mud on my side.	I fell into the mud on my side.
While standing up, without being able to open my eye, I could think only one thing: Why?	When trying to stand up, without being able to open my eyes, I could think only one thing: Why?
I didn’t have a clue of why was I there.	I didn’t have a clue of why I was there.
I didn’t have a clue of why was I there.	I didn’t have a clue as to why was I there.
I got out the restaurant at six ‘o clock as always and when I got on the bus I was surprised of two things.	I got out of the restaurant at six o'clock as always, and when I got on the bus, I was surprised by two things.
I got out the restaurant at six ‘o clock as always and when I got on the bus I was surprised of two things.	I got out the restaurant at six ‘o clock as always and when I got onto the bus I was surprised by two things.
The bus was empty except for the driver, who was dressed on a black suit.	The bus was empty except for the driver, who was dressed in a black suit. You could also say, "who was wearing a black suit." This sounds more natural.
We went off-route at the first corner, and when I, starting to feel a little nervous, went to ask what was happening to the driver, two other men, with the same black suits, got on the vehicle and put me a rag over my face.	We went off-route at the first corner, and when I, starting to feel a little nervous, went to ask what was happening to the driver, two other men with the same black suits got on the vehicle and put a rag over my face.
We went off-route at the first corner, and when I, starting to feel a little nervous, went to ask what was happening to the driver, two other men, with the same black suits, got on the vehicle and put me a rag over my face.	We went off-route at the first corner, and when I, starting to feel a little nervous, went to ask the driver what was happening, two other men, with the same black suits, got on the vehicle and puta rag over my face.
I don’t know how long I was sleep, but when I woke up it was night already.	I don’t know how long I was asleep, but when I woke up, it was already night.
As I opened  my eyes, I realized I was lying with hands and feet tied.	As I opened my eyes, I realized I was lying with my hands and feet tied.
A man from the bus looked at me and smiled.	A man from the bus looked at me and smiled.
“Still not time to wake up”, he said, then kicked me in the stomach.	“It's still not time to wake up yet,” he said, then kicked me in the stomach.
“Still not time to wake up”, he said, then kicked me in the stomach.	“Still not time to wake up”, he said, then kicked me in the stomach. I think the way you wrote this is correct if you are quoting someone using colloquial english.
I half-closed my eyes because of the pain and completely closed them when I saw another man getting closer, a baseball bat on his right hand.	I half-closed my eyes because of the pain and completely closed them when I saw another man getting closer, a baseball bat in his right hand.
I felt a sore in my shoulder.	I felt a sore in my shoulder. This would be like a wound in your shoulder, I think you mean to say "My shoulder felt sore". That is the whole shoulder felt sore because you had been banged around. 
My hands moved by reflex over the wounded shoulder and the next hit was on them	My hands moved by reflex to my sore shoulder and the next hit was on them.
“No more, please, no more...”, I started to say, but the metallic sound of the bat against my shin shut me up.	“No more, please, no more...," I started to say, but the metallic sound of the bat against my shin shut me up.
“No more, please, no more...”, I started to say, but the metallic sound of the bat against my shin shut me up.	“No more, please, no more...”, I started to say, but the metallic sound of the bat against my shin shut me up. It would make more sense if you said "but the pain from the bat hitting my shin shut me up". 
I don’t know if I was hit anymore, I was choking with my own saliva while trying to scream of the pain.	I don’t know if I was hit anymore; I was choking with my own saliva while trying to scream in pain.
I don’t know if I was hit anymore, I was choking with my own saliva while trying to scream of the pain.	I don’t know if I was hit anymore. I was choking on my own saliva while still trying to scream because of the pain.
I passed out.	I passed out.
I lift up my head from the mud and the man spoke.	When I woke up again, I lifted up my head from the mud, and the man spoke.
I lift up my head from the mud and the man spoke.	As I regained consciousness I lifted my head out of the mud and the man spoke.
“I’ll give you a minute ahead, starting now.”	“I’ll give you a minute to run, starting now.”
I heard the sound of a pistol being loaded, a sound I just heard in the movies until now.	I heard the sound of a pistol being loaded, a sound I've only heard in movies until now.
I heard the sound of a pistol being loaded, a sound I just heard in the movies until now.	I heard the sound of a pistol being loaded, a sound I'd just heard in the movies before now.
I felt the rain starting to fall.	I felt the rain starting to fall.
Ten, eleven, twelve...	Ten, eleven, twelve...
I was counting on my head while I tried to stand up and run away...	I was counting in my head while I tried to stand up and run away...
eighteen, nineteen...	eighteen, nineteen...
“Thirty seconds remaining”, he said.	“Thirty seconds remaining,” he said.
The pain on the shin was still bigger than the one of my face, even when I thought my eye was not working anymore.	TThe pain in my shin was still greater than the one in my face, even though I thought my eye was not working anymore.
A lightning let me saw the face of the man in front of me.	A lightning let me see the face of the man in front of me.
A lightning let me saw the face of the man in front of me.	A ray of light let me see the face of the man in front of me.
He was the man on whose table I thrown the coffee.	He was the man on whose table I spilled the coffee.
He was the man on whose table I thrown the coffee.	He was the man on whose table I had spilled the coffee on.
It was at the restaurant, that morning.	It was at the restaurant that morning.
I remembered how he looked at me enraged, while screaming at me and I was apologizing.	I remembered how he looked at me enraged and screaming while I was apologizing.
His face, incredibly pale, got lost on his clothing.	His face, which was incredibly pale, got lost on his clothing.
His face, incredibly pale, got lost on his clothing.	His face, which was incredibly pale, got lost on his clothing. It's not clear what you mean here, but I think you mean to say something like "His face which was incredibly pale, disappeared into the whiteness of his hat."
His hat and his shoes were fully white.	His hat and shoes were fully white.
I could got up and started to walk dragging my leg.	I got up and started to walk while dragging my leg.
I could got up and started to walk dragging my leg.	I found I could get up and I started to walk, dragging my leg.
How much time was left?	How much time was left?
The men in black suits turned away to let me through.	The men in black suits turned aside to let me through. Away would imply they simply turned away from you when I think you mean to say they gave you room to walk past them.
“Ten, nine, eight...”	“Ten, nine, eight...”
I ran.	I ran.
Everytime my right leg maintained my weight I thought I was going to day, but I ran.	Every time my right leg held my weight, I thought I was going to die, but I ran.
Everytime my right leg maintained my weight I thought I was going to day, but I ran.	Every time myg I put my weight on my right leg I thought I was going to die, but I ran.
I felt that I was running like never before.	I felt that I was running like never before.
“...	“...
three, two, one...”	three, two, one...”
I looked back, I was less than two hundred feet from the man.	I looked back; I was less than two hundred feet from the man.
I heard a pair of shots.	I heard a pair of shots.
The lighthouse beam showed me his silhouette again.	The lighthouse beam showed his silhouette again.
I thought if the light would have hit him from the front, I would have saw it anyway, but white.	I thought if the light had hit him from the front, I would have seen it anyway, but it would have been all white.
----	----
A short story I wrote last week, translated just now!	A short story I wrote last week, translated just now!
News in Mexico	News in Mexico
This time I'll write because I'm kind of angry.	This time I'll write because I'm kind of angry.
Yesterday in Monterrey, a city in the north of Mexico, a group of six people, possibly involved with drug traffic, entered a casino and set it on fire, at three o' clock in the afternoon, with many people inside.	Yesterday in Monterrey, a city in the north of Mexico, a group of six people, possibly involved with drug traffic, entered a casino and set it on fire at three o' clock in the afternoon with many people inside. 
Yesterday in Monterrey, a city in the north of Mexico, a group of six people, possibly involved with drug traffic, entered a casino and set it on fire, at three o' clock in the afternoon, with many people inside.	Yesterday in Monterrey, a city in the north of Mexico, a group of six people, possibly involved with drug traffic, entered a casino and set it on fire, at three o' clock in the afternoon, with many people inside.
There are more of fifty people dead, and if this wasn't enough, there is our lovely president.	There are more than fifty people dead, and if this wasn't enough, there is our lovely president.
There are more of fifty people dead, and if this wasn't enough, there is our lovely president.	There are more than fifty people dead, and as if this wasn't enough, there is our lovely president.
If you know about what he's been doing, skip to the asterisk else, keep reading	If you know about what he's been doing, skip to the asterisk and keep reading.
If you know about what he's been doing, skip to the asterisk else, keep reading	If you know about what he's been doing, skip to the asterisk , otherwise keep reading.
Mr.	Mr.
Felipe Calderón Hinojosa is a member of PAN (National Action Party).	Felipe Calderón Hinojosa is a member of PAN (National Action Party).
These guys finally got into Los Pinos (the equivalent of the White House) after many many years of trying, with Vicente Fox.	These guys finally got into Los Pinos (the equivalent of the White House) with Vicente Fox after many many years of trying.
These guys finally got into Los Pinos (the equivalent of the White House) after many many years of trying, with Vicente Fox.	These guys finally got into Los Pinos (the equivalent of the White House) after many many years of trying, with Vicente Fox. I think this is fine informal English and understandable as you wrote it, but for perfect clarity you could add "with Vicente Fox as their candidate"
To give you an idea of this guy, he once said this: "Mexicans do work that not even black people do".	To give you an idea of who this guy is, or what this guy is like this guy, he once said this: "Mexicans do work that not even black people do".
After Mr.	After Mr.
Fox finished his so-called work, and with a big conflict because many people thought it was a fraud, a PAN member is again our president, his name is Felipe Calderón.	Fox finished his so-called work, and with a big conflict because many people thought it was a fraud, a PAN member is again our president (Felipe Calderón). Your way works too, but this is more natural.
Fox finished his so-called work, and with a big conflict because many people thought it was a fraud, a PAN member is again our president, his name is Felipe Calderón.	Fox finished his so-called work, and after a a great deal of conflict because many people thought itthe election was a fraud, a PAN member is again our president, his name is Felipe Calderón. I think this makes it clearer that the results of the election were disputed.
This guy said he wanted to stop drug traffic and all delinquency by using "a strong hand".	This guy said he wanted to stop drug traffic and all delinquency by using "a strong hand".
What he's been doing is catch many people involved, by using even the army.	What he's been doing is catching many people involved by using even the army.
What he's been doing is catch many people involved, by using even the army.	What he's been doing is catching many people involved, by using the army. I understand what you are saying but it would be clearer if you said "catching many people, even those involved in minor ways 
And that has made the drug mafia angry in some cases and not controlled in others.	And that has made the drug mafia angry in some cases and made them lose control of their members in others.
So they are becoming more and more aggressive, half of them because they're defending, the other half because they don't have an organized leader (like in The Godfather).	So they are becoming more and more aggressive, half of them because they're defending, the other half because they don't have an organized leader (like in The Godfather).
So they are becoming more and more aggressive, half of them because they're defending, the other half because they don't have an organized leader (like in The Godfather).	So they are becoming more and more aggressive, half of them because they're defending their turf, the other half because they don't have an organized leader (like in The Godfather).
It was some event of this matter what caused the attack in the casino.	It was some event of this kind t that caused the attack in the casino. Matter is not the proper word to use in this context although I believe it would be correct in Spanish.
You think if government is going to fight a 'war on crime' (as Calderón calls it), then its troops must be well prepared and it must have a strategy, right?	You would think if government is going to fight a 'war on crime' (as Calderón calls it), then its' troops must be well prepared and it must have a strategy, right?
But it doesn't.	But it doesn't.
It just does operatives and catch some people, as if catching a bunch of mafia guys would end the mafia.	It just does s operations and catches some people, as if catching a bunch of mafia guys would end the mafia.
Well, also, if you're having a war and your army is being overwhelmed and even your citizens are dying in the crossed-fire, you may think it's a good idea to retreat and consider changing the strategy or something like that.	Well, also, if you're having a war and your army is being overwhelmed and your citizens are dying in the crossfire, you might think it's a good idea to retreat and consider changing the strategy or something like that.
Not doing so would result in losing the war (as history has proven many times).	Not doing so would result in losing the war (as history has proven many times).
But even after he, we and everyone with a brain, knows that the war can not be won, he continues with the same idea, saying that "a retreat is admitting that we lost".	But even after he, we, and everyone with a brain knows that the war can not be won, he continues with the same idea, saying that "a retreat is admitting that we lost".
But even after he, we and everyone with a brain, knows that the war can not be won, he continues with the same idea, saying that "a retreat is admitting that we lost".	But even after he, we and everyone with a brain, knows that the war cannot be won, he continues with the same idea, saying that "a retreat would be admitting that we lost".
And he just gave a national broadcast saying that he calls everyone in Mexico to stand strong.	And he just gave a national broadcast saying that he calls on everyone in Mexico to stand strong.
He said that the US are guilty, because their citizens want drugs.	He said that the US is guilty because their citizens want drugs.
He said that the US are guilty, because their citizens want drugs.	He said that the US is guilty, because its' citizens want drugs.
He said the senate is guilty, without reason (as if the senate started the war!).	He said the Senate is guilty, without reason (as if the senate started the war!).
He said the senate is guilty, without reason (as if the senate started the war!).	He said the Senate is guilty, without any reason (as if the senate started the war!).
He said again the US are guilty, because they sell weapons to the mafia.	He said again the US is guilty because they sell weapons to the mafia.
He said again the US are guilty, because they sell weapons to the mafia.	He said again the US is guilty, because people in the US sell weapons to the mafia.
He said everyone is guilty, parents and teachers because they don't educate the children, the police because they have corrupt officers, the mafia (now he started calling them terrorists, what will make the people to be in terror, which makes him a terrorist).	He said everyone is guilty, parents and teachers because they don't educate the children, the police because they have corrupt officers, the mafia (now he started calling them terrorists, what will make the people to be in terror, which makes him a terrorist).
He said everyone is guilty, parents and teachers because they don't educate the children, the police because they have corrupt officers, the mafia (now he started calling them terrorists, what will make the people to be in terror, which makes him a terrorist).	He said everyone is guilty, parents and teachers because they don't educate their children, the police because they have corrupt officers, the mafia, (now he's started calling them terrorists, they terrify people, ).
Everyone is guilty, except him, of course.	Everyone is guilty, except him, of course.
And the media is being more and more sensationalist as time passes.	And the media is being more and more like sensationalists as time passes.
And the media is being more and more sensationalist as time passes.	And the media is being more and more sensationalist as time passes. I think this is correct informal usage.
I hate how they play sad kitsch background music, while interviewing people that obviously aren't mentally right to decide if they want to give an interview when they loved ones are dead by their side.	I hate how they play sad kitsch background music while interviewing people that obviously aren't mentally right to decide if they want to give an interview when their loved ones are dead by their side.
I hate how they play sad kitsch background music, while interviewing people that obviously aren't mentally right to decide if they want to give an interview when they loved ones are dead by their side.	I hate how they play sad kitschy background music, while interviewing people who obviously aren't in a state where they can decide if they want to give an interview as they stand beside their dead loved ones. t .
Calderón said that we are in three days of mourning.	Calderón said that we will observe three days of mourning.
As if that would bring the hundreds and hundreds of dead people back.	As if that would bring the hundreds and hundreds of dead people back.
He just wants to keep on with the war, his war, using the Mexican army as toy soldiers, and Mexico as a game board.	He just wants to keep on with the war, his war, using the Mexican Army as toy soldiers  and Mexico as a game board.
Nightmare	Nightmare
She suddenly sat up on the bed, in the middle of the night.	She suddenly sat up in bed, in the middle of the night.
Her body completely covered in cold sweat, breathing so fast.	Her body was completely covered in cold sweat, and she was breathing really fast.
Her body completely covered in cold sweat, breathing so fast.	I think if you made this just one sentence you could write it as "She suddenly sat up in bed, in the middle of the night, completely covered in sweat, breathing fast. Then the descriptions are adjectives modifying "she" ... sat up in bed..."Her body completely covered in cold sweat, breathing so fast.
She was so scared that it took her more than a minute to realize she was awake.	She was so scared that it took her more than a minute to realize she was awake.
She put her hand on her chest, feeling how her heartbeat returned to normal.	She put her hand on her chest, feeling her heartbeat returned to normal.
She put her hand on her chest, feeling how her heartbeat returned to normal.	She put her hand on her chest, feeling her heartbeat return to normal. This is all present tense.
Slowly.	Slowly. I would add this to the last sentence as an adjective "feeling her hearbeat slowly return to normal"
She thought, to calm herself down, that such things couldn't exist.	She thought, to calm herself down, that such things couldn't exist.
"Wake up...	"Wake up...
Wake up!", she had thought, and then she was in her bedroom.	Wake up!", she had thought, and then she was in her bedroom.
Just her imagination.	Just her imagination.
She sighed, convinced.	She sighed, convinced.
She lied down again.	She lay down again. The story is still in present tense.
Just before she closed her eyes, she turned her head to the left.	Just before she closed her eyes, she turned her head to the left.
And then she saw it.	And then she saw it.
"Wake up!	"Wake up!
Wake up!", she said.	Wake up!", she said.
But it didn't work.	But it didn't work.
------	------
This story originally had no definite gender for the main character (because in Spanish you can avoid telling it, so I did).	This story originally had no definite gender for the main character (because in Spanish you can avoid telling it, so I did).
I suppose this can't be achieved in English (except by using "it", but then it wouldn't look like a person @.@).	I suppose this can't be achieved in English (except by using "it", but then it wouldn't look like a person @.@).
When translating I thought it would fit more for a girl (because even when the "it" thing would appear to be more terrifying if the character was male, it's more common for a girl to wake up scared of that, then the end is more surprising this way).	When translating I thought it would fit more for a girl (because even though the "it" thing would appear to be more terrifying if the character was male, it's more common for a girl to wake up scared and the end is more surprising this way). Oh my, this is a little machismo on your part. As a psychoanalyst I can tell you men too waken in terror!
Anyway, short story this time so you don't lose so much time :3 thanks to everyone reading and correcting and commenting n__n!	Anyway, short story this time so you don't lose so much time :3 thanks to everyone for reading, correcting, and commenting n__n!
Time Travel Paradoxes 1: The First Time Machine	Time Travel Paradoxes 1: The First Time Machine
"Finally!", said professor Wells a summer afternoon in the year 2063.	"Finally!", said Professor Wells a summer afternoon in the year 2063.
"Finally!", said professor Wells a summer afternoon in the year 2063.	"Finally!", said rofessor Wells one summer afternoon in the year 2063.
"The first time machine!."	"The first time machine!"
There was no doubt, he will now be the most famous scientist ever.	There was no doubt; he will now be the most famous scientist ever.
There was no doubt, he will now be the most famous scientist ever.	There was no doubt, he would now be the most famous scientist ever. This is past tense, will would be future tense.
He smiled at the thought of his boss, Mr.	He smiled at the thought of his boss, Mr.
Bradbury, telling him hundreds of times he'll never achieve it.	Bradbury, telling him hundreds of times he would never achieve it.
But he had just done it, and now he could even quit his job.	But he had just done it, and now he could even quit his job.
Not only he could, but he will.	Not only could he , but he would. So now they are both in the past conditional tense. 
Next morning he would go with Mr.	Next morning he will go to Mr.
Next morning he would go with Mr.	Next morning he would go to Mr.
Bradbury and he would tell him everything.	Bradbury would tell him everything.
Bradbury and he would tell him everything.	Bradbury and he would tell him everything. I think this is correct. It is using the "he would" for emphasis.
He'd tell him his plans of selling them massively and then he would look at his worried face and he would make fun of him.	He'll tell him his plans of selling them massively, and then he will look at his worried face and make fun of him.
He'd tell him his plans of selling them massively and then he would look at his worried face and he would make fun of him.	He would tell him of his plans to sell them massively and then he would look at his boss's worried face and he would make fun of him. I think it is better to use the same conditional tense here as you did. 
"Don't worry, I would give you one free when I start selling them!", he would say laughing at Mr.	"Don't worry, I will give you one free when I start selling them!" he would say laughing at Mr.
"Don't worry, I would give you one free when I start selling them!", he would say laughing at Mr.	"Don't worry, I will give you one free when I start selling them!", he would say laughing at Mr. future tense
Bradbury.	Bradbury.
She ran to the living room to tell her wife.	He ran to the living room to tell his wife.
She ran to the living room to tell her wife.	He ran to the living room to tell his wife.
"Honey!	"Honey!
I did it...!", he started saying.	I did it...!" he started saying.
I did it...!", he started saying.	I did it...!", he started .to say. He was just starting to speak rather than "as he was saying" 
"What did you do?", she said.	"What did you do?" she said.
"I created a time machine!", he said, euphorically.	"I created a time machine!" he said, euphorically.
"Are you feeling well?", asked her.	"Are you feeling well?" she asked.
"Are you feeling well?", asked her.	"Are you feeling well?", she asked?
She didn't look surprised nor excited.	She didn't look surprised or excited. Or is correct here, nor is used with neither, i.e. she neither looked surprised nor excited.
"Everyone knows that the time machine was invented years ago by your boss, Mr.	"Everyone knows that the time machine was invented years ago by your boss, Mr.
Bradbury".	Bradbury."
-------------------------------------	-------------------------------------
This is a series of three stories, each unrelated to the other two.	This is a series of three stories, each unrelated to the other two.
Third one is very complex, but if you like this I'll keep posting them.	The third one is very complex, but if you like this, I'll keep posting them.
Third one is very complex, but if you like this I'll keep posting them.	Third one is very complex, but if you like this one I'll keep posting them.
Thanks for your reading and for your corrections!	Thanks for reading and for your corrections!
Thanks for your reading and for your corrections!	Thanks for your reading this and for your corrections!
welcome to my space	welcome to my space
hello !!	Hello, my friends !!
I'm lyz katherine.	I'm lyz katherine.
I'm twenty-one years old.	I'm twenty-one years old.
I like read hero stories...	I like  to  read hero stories...
well I hope to improve my english so in that way I can success my goals!!...	I hope to improve my english so I can fulfillmy goals!!...
good luck	good luck
Hi!	Hi!
Hi...	Hi...
my name Ztephanye hope help me but i don't speak english :(	my name is Ztephanye I hope you will help me, but i don't speak English :(
hi	hi
I am Ivana and i want that somebody helps me to practice my english, because it´s really important for me and to communicate me with another people in the world...	I am Ivana and i want that somebody helps me to practice my english, because it´s really important for me and to communicate me with another people in the world...
Summer vacations in NYC!	Summer vacations in NYC!
I went on september whit my daughter for hollyday to NYC, to met 	 In September, I went with my daughter on a trip to NYC, to meet
my sister how is living there for a long time, she's married to a polish man.	my sister  who has been living there for a long time.&nbsp; She's married to a Polish man.
We had wonderfull time in NYC an Washinton DC too.	We had  a wonderful time in NYC and Washington, DC too.
We went to see USOPEN one day and it was a lot of fun.	We went to see USOPEN one day and it was a lot of fun.
Thanks  a lot for your help...	Thanks  a lot for your help...
Esme 	Esme 
Mobile	Mobile
I don´t like when people send me message in my mobile and they write with half words.	I don´t like when people send me messages to my mobile and they write with abbreviations.
They do because they are in a hurry or they are lazy , but I can´t see words in a wrong way.	They do this because they are in a hurry or they are lazy , but I can´t read words written in this way.
I know it´s normal of young people and I try to say my daughter she has to write in the good way.	I know it´s normal for young people and I try to say to my daughter that she has to write in the correct way.
Idon´t think I can´t control this.	I don´t think I can control this.
How can we control this?	How can we control this?
They think we don´t understand them.	They think we don´t understand them.
But it´s not this .	But it´s not this . Correct, but sounds better as 'But it's not that'. Or 'But this isn't it'
I don´t want they grow up and they are not sure how is the right word.	I don´t want them to grow up and be unsure which is the right word.
My goal	My goal
I decided to find time to read in english.	I decided to find the time to read in english.
I think this can help me to learn more.	I think this can help me learn more.
I demand on Amazon some books that a friend recommended, I´ll enjoy reading them.	I demand on Amazon some books that a friend recommended, I´ll enjoy reading them.I ordered some books on Amazon that a friend recommended. I'll enjoy reading them.
If you have some more to recommend I´ll thank you.	If you have some more to recommend I´ll thank you.If you could recommend some more, I'd be grateful.
I read some for children that I had from my daughter.	I read some for children that I had from my daughter.I read some children's books that were my daughter's.
It was easy but that encourage me to continue.	It was easy but that encouraged me to continue.
Lazy	Lazy
I´m not lazy for almost anything but I have that problem with gym.	I´m not lazy for almost anything but I have that problem with gym.I'm not usually lazy, but I do have a problem going to the gym.
I´m not lazy for almost anything but I have that problem with gym.	I´m not usually lazy but I have a problem with going to the gym.
I´d like to do for my health but I never find time for that.	I´d like to go for my health but I never find the time for it.
I´d like to do for my health but I never find time for that.	I´d like to go for my health but I never find time .
I´m always tired.	I´m always tired.
I spend time driving and for that I have pain in my back sometimes.	I spend time driving and because of that I have back pain sometimes.
I spend time driving and for that I have pain in my back sometimes.	I spend time driving and because of that, I have back pain sometimes.
Difficult If I want to work ,read and to make gym.....	It is difficult if I want to work, read and go to the gym.....
lot of things and no time.	II have a lot of things to do and no time.
lot of things and no time.	I have many things to do and no time.
Maybe I´m not the only one.	Maybe I´m not the only one.
when a year begins we want to begin to make gym and to learn a language ehhh?	when the year begins we want to start going to the gym and learn a language ehhh?
when a year begins we want to begin to make gym and to learn a language ehhh?	When the year begins we want to start going to the gym or learn a language ehhh?
What do you want to do every year?	What do you want to do every year?
Nest	Nest
I have two birds.	I have two birds.
They never got along together.	They have never gotten along.
I thought with time would be better, but....	I thought with time it would be better, but....
I thought with time would be better, but....	I thought with time it would get better, but....
I´m not sure.	now I´m not so sure.
They had a next since the begining and never they put attention on it.	They've had a nest since the begining and they've never put their attention on it.
They had a next since the begining and never they put attention on it.	They've had a nest ever since we got them, but they never paid attention to it.
Today I saw them inside the next.	Today I saw them inside the nest.
Wow!!!	Wow!!!
Maybe I was wrong and they want to be together now.	Maybe I was wrong and they want to be together now.
Jamón Serrano	Jamón Serrano
Did you eat "jamón serrano"?	Did you eat "jamón serrano"? Have you ever tried, "jamón serrano?" 
Did you eat "jamón serrano"?	Have you eaten "jamón serrano"?
If you never ate "jamón serrano " , you have to eat it.	If you never ate "jamón serrano ", you have to try it.
If you never ate "jamón serrano " , you have to eat it.	If you have never eaten "jamón serrano," you have to try it.
I think is one of our best things in our foods.	I think is one of our best dishes.
I think is one of our best things in our foods.	I think it is one of the best things in our foods.
But of course you have to find a good one, and this is  expensive.	But of course you have to find a good one, which can be expensive.
But of course you have to find a good one, and this is  expensive.	But, of course, you have to find a good one, and that is expensive.
I use to eat it with a good bread and a good olive oil.	I used to eat it with a piece of good bread and good olive oil.
I use to eat it with a good bread and a good olive oil.	I used to eat it with good bread and good olive oil.
I like anytime, for breakfast , at midday, at night..	I like it anytime: for breakfast , at midday, and at night..
I like anytime, for breakfast , at midday, at night..	I like it anytime: for breakfast , at midday, or at night.
The "jamón serrano" is the leg of the pig.	Jamón serrano" is from the leg of the pig.
They must be cured with salt , the temperatue and humidity is important too.	It must be cured with salt. The temperature and humidity is important, too.
They must be cured with salt , the temperatue and humidity is important too.	They must be cured with salt; the temperature and humidity are important too.
The salt will go inside , and they only have to take the just enough and at the same time the water will go away from the meat.	The salt will go inside, and they only have to use just enough and the water will go away from the meat at the same time.
The way you cut it ,is important too.	The way you cut it is also important.
The way you cut it ,is important too.	The way you cut it is important too.
And it´s the best if you cut it just when you want to eat it.	And it´s the best if you cut it just when you want to eat it.
Nobody can resist to a good plate of "jamón serrano"!!	Nobody can resist a good plate of "jamón serrano!!"
Do you want to try it?	Do you want to try it?
Have you a kindle?	Do you have a kindle?
I would like to know if the kindle is a good election to read.	I would like to know if the kindle is any good for reading.
Anyone have one?	Does anyone have one?
Tell me your experience.	Please tell me your experience.
Is there a better one?	Is there a better e-reader available than the Kindle?
Thank you	Thank you
Books	Books
I´m happy that my daughter like books.	I´m happy that my daughters like books.
And they want books for Christmas too.	And they want books for Christmas too.
It´s important they don´t want only games or silly things.	It´s important they don´t want only games or silly things.
This year I think will be the last year my smaller daughter think in the magic of these days and I´d like we can enjoy with them.	This year I think will be the last year my youngest daughter believed in the magic of Christmas and I hope we can share that joy with her.
Every night before they sleep they read in bed.	Every night before they sleep they read in bed.
Now it´s an habit.	Now it´s become a habit.
I´d like to have more time to read too.	I´d like to have more time to read too.
At night sometime I fell sleep in the first page.:)	At night sometimes I fall sleep on the first page.:)
I haven´t those machines thus we can read, like the kindle or similar.	I haven´t one of those tablets you can read on, like the kindle or similar.
I´d like to know if they are good for reading.	I´d like to know if they are good for reading.
I always liked to touch the pages , the book you know.	I always liked to feel the pages , the real book you know.
It´s a little odd for me.	It´s a little odd for me to read on a tablet.
Mass	Mass
I went to Mass today.	I went to Mass today.
I don´t go to Mass but my daughter will Communion and today I had to go.	I don´t go to Mass but my daughter will have Communion and today I had to go.
She wants to go because some of her friends do it too.	She wants to go because some of her friends do it too.
My daughter wanted to go to catechism ,and it´s good that the children know about religion.	My daughter also wanted to go to catechism It´s good that the children know about religion. I think dividing this into two sentences may be better as you're expressing a new idea in the second part of the sentence.
It´s culture.	It´s culture.
But I was surprised when I heard the priest to say, that next Christmas day the children who want to take a baby Jesus doll ,they have to sign on a list.	But I was surprised when I heard the priest say, that next Christmas day, the children who want to take a baby Jesus doll will have to sign on a list.
Because then they will know how many dolls they have to buy.	Because then they will know how many dolls they have to buy.
uhmmm this is a way to attract people to the church.	uhmmm this is a way to attract people to the church.
I saw that the medium age in the Mass was very old.	I saw that the median age in the Mass was very old.
This makes me think that, maybe in 30 years, nobody will go there.	This makes me think that, maybe in 30 years, nobody will go there.
What do you think about this?.	What do you think about this?.
My little Sara	My little Sara
My little dauther is very smart and sweet but she is very lazy.	My little daughter is very smart and sweet but she is very lazy.
I have to oblige her to make her homework but she never find the good time.	I have to make her do her homework but she never finds the time.
She is always busy in something or she will do later...	She is always busy doing something or she says she will do it later...
but she never does it for herself.	but she never does it by herself.
I don´t know if she will be like this all her life but for me is very hard to try she doesn´t do it if I don´t say to her.	I don´t know if she will be like this all her life but for me it's very hard to get her to do something if I don't tell her.
She is the kind of people who are happy.	She is the kind of person who is happy.
And this is very important.	And that is very important.
Sometimes we are worried for things are not so important in life.	Sometimes we are worried about things that are not so important in life.
How different we are.	How different we are.
My older daughter is the opposite.	My older daughter is the opposite.
She is very responsible, and I haven´t to say to her anything.	She is very responsible, and I don't have to tell to her anything.
She is very responsible, and I haven´t to say to her anything.	She is very responsible, and I don´t have to tell her to do anything.
The sea	The Sea
Today I was in the sea with my little children and my husband.	Today, I was at the sea with my little children and my husband.
The weather is very hot today , and the water is wonderful to swim.	The weather was very hot today and the water was wonderful for swimming. .
My husband doesn´t like the water so hot to swim, but I love in this way.	My husband doesn´t like to swim when the water is so hot, , but I love in this way.
We were eating with my mother in law.	Later, we ate with my mother-in-law.
She like to see the children and some weekend she invites us to eat with her.	She likes to see the children and some weekends she invites us to eat with her.
She has a house close the sea ,so we can go to swim before eating.	She has a house close by the sea, so we can go swimming before eating.
She likes to put something we call "tapas" before the principal plate.	She likes to put something we call "tapas" before the principal plate.
I like to eat "tapas" ,I can eat only with this.	I like to eat "tapas" ,I can eat only with this.
The principal plate was "arroz con costra".	The principal plate was "arroz con costra."
Here in this city we can eat a lot of ways the rice.	Here in this city, we can eat rice a lot of ways .
But that type is a tipical from here.	But this kind is a typical for here.
My little children loves rice in all ways, she ate a lot.	My little children love rice in all ways, they eat a lot.
Aggressive	Aggressive
I didn´t think I was aggressive.	I don't think I am aggressive.
I didn´t think I was aggressive.	I didn´t think I was aggressive,
Because I always thought this word had a negative way.	Because I always thought this word had a negative aura.
Because I always thought this word had a negative way.	because I always thought this word had a negative connotation.
Nobody wants to be a bad thing.:)	Nobody wants to be a bad person.:)
Today my boss says to me I´m aggressive person.	Today my boss said to me, that I´m an aggressive person.
Today my boss says to me I´m aggressive person.	Today my boss told me that I´m an aggressive person.
But he explained why he thinks this.	Then he explained why...
He thinks a person who try to convince someone for something, and doesn´t stop until you get it.	He thinks aggressive person is a person who try to convince someone for something, and doesn´t stop until they get it.
He thinks a person who try to convince someone for something, and doesn´t stop until you get it.	He thinks it is a person who tries to convince someone of something, and doesn´t stop until they get it.
I called this insistent.	I called this insistent.
I thought aggressive was a person who hit or violent.	I thought aggressive is a violent person
I thought aggressive was a person who hit or violent.	I thought aggressive was a person who hit or was violent.
Maybe has two meanings.	I guess it has two meanings.
Maybe has two meanings.	Maybe it has two meanings.
George´s marvellous Medicine	George´s Marvelous Medicine
I finished this book and I enjoyed reading it because is an easy children´s book.	I finished this book and I enjoyed reading it because was an easy children´s book.
George is a boy who is with her grandmother.	George is a boy who lives with her grandmother.
George is a boy who is with her grandmother.	George is a boy who lives with his grandmother.
She is always complaining and she is not good with the boy.	She is always complaining and she is not good with George.
She is always complaining and she is not good with the boy.	She is always complaining and she is not nice to the boy.
He is tired of this and decides to make a medicine and give her instead her real medicine.	He is tired of this and decides to make a medicine to give to her instead of her real medicine.
But the medicine makes her to grow a lot and when the parents come back think this can be a good bussiness .	But the medicine makes her grow a lot and when the parents come back, they think this can be a good business .
But the medicine makes her to grow a lot and when the parents come back think this can be a good bussiness .	But the medicine makes her to grow a lot and when the parents come back home, they think that this can be a good business .
And they give the new medicine to their animals.	And so, they give the new medicine to their animals.
But they forgot one thing.	But they forgot one thing.
When the medicine finished they were not be able to make it in the same way.	When the medicine was finished they were not be able to make it in the same way.
cuando se termina	cuando se termina
Busuu Language	The Busuu Language
I watched news in TV.	I was watching the news on TV.
They told that there is a language , Busuu, in Cameroon -Africa,spoken but only 8 people.	They said that there is a language called Busuu in Cameroon, Africa that is spoken by only 8 people.
The UNESCO declared critically endangered.	The UNESCO declared it critically endangered.
I´m surprised that only 8 people have their own language.	I´m surprised that only 8 people have their own language.
Public speaking	Public speaking
Do you have stage fright?	Do you get stage fright?
In some jobs people have to speak in front of other.	In some jobs, people have to speak in front of others.
If we ask what to do in those moments it´s funny the answer.	If we ask what we should do in moments like that, we get funny answers.
One of my friends told me...	One of my friends told me...
You have to image that the people you have in front of you they are naked.	You have to imagine that the people in front of you are naked.
Have you ever hear this??	Have you ever heard this??
:))) 	:))) 
Mushrooms	Mushrooms
They are bigger than mushrooms but I´m not sure the word in english.	They are bigger than mushrooms but I´m not sure of the word in English.
They are bigger than mushrooms but I´m not sure the word in english.	They are bigger than mushrooms but I´m not sure of the word in English.
Today I ate some that my mother in law brought us.	Today I ate some that my mother in law brought us.
They are expensive but the taste is very good.	They are expensive but they taste very good.
They are expensive but the taste is very good.	They are expensive but the taste is very good. "but they taste very good" is more natural
It was a long time I didn´t eat them.	It has been a long time since I've eaten them.
It was a long time I didn´t eat them.	It has been a long time since I ate them.
I think is the first time the children tasted them and they liked them.	I think is the first time the children have tasted them and they liked them.
I think is the first time the children tasted them and they liked them.	I think it is the first time my children tasted them and they liked them.
I had prefered they didn´t like them.	I had preferred that they didn´t like them. 
I had prefered they didn´t like them.	I had thought they wouldn't like them.
But ....	But ....
children always surprise me.	children always surprise me.
I remember in a travel, we asked the waiter a plate of something expensive ,and my daughter ate it ,and we hadn´t time to try it.	I remember on a trip , we asked the waiter to bring a plate of something expensive ,and my daughter ate it before we had time to try it.
I remember in a travel, we asked the waiter a plate of something expensive ,and my daughter ate it ,and we hadn´t time to try it.	I remember when I was traveling, we asked the waiter for a plate of something expensive, and my daughter ate it before we had time to try it.
I thought uhmmm:"tomorrow I will give her dinner first, after that we´ll have dinner" :))	I thought "uhmmm, tomorrow I will give her dinner first. After that we´ll have dinner" :))
I thought uhmmm:"tomorrow I will give her dinner first, after that we´ll have dinner" :))	I thought uhmmm:"tomorrow I will give her dinner first, and afterwards we´ll have dinner" :))
Colors 	Colors 
I´m a woman and I like to buy clothes and things make me feel better.	I´m a woman and I like to buy clothes and things to make me feel better.
I´m a woman and I like to buy clothes and things make me feel better.	I´m a woman and I like to buy clothes and things to make me feel better.
And I like clothes with bright colors, not so much but....	And I like clothes with bright colors, not too much but....
And I like clothes with bright colors, not so much but....	And I like clothes with bright colors, not too much so but....
And I like clothes with bright colors, not so much but....	And I like clothes with bright colors - not too much but....
you know, not only dark colors.	you know, not just dark colors.
I use to wear them but I combine with others too.	I use to wear them but I combine them with others too.
I use to wear them but I combine with others too.	I normally wear them but I combine them with other colors too.
I don´t think you show your mood with this, but for me is good to see people with beautiful colors.	I don´t think you show your mood this way, but for me I like to see people with beautiful colors.
I don´t think you show your mood with this, but for me is good to see people with beautiful colors.	I don´t think you show your mood this way, but for me, I like to see people wearing beautiful colors.
It´s like their mood is better that day.	It´s like their mood is better that day.
I don´t think is true, but I read that people in places with good weather they have less depression.	I don´t think is true, but I read that people in places with good weather they have less depression are less depressed.
I don´t think is true, but I read that people in places with good weather they have less depression.	I don´t think is true, but I read that people in places with good weather tend to have a lower rate of depression.
I don´t think is true, but I read that people in places with good weather they have less depression.	I don´t think it is true...
Maybe it´s not true but maybe they have less colds.:))	Maybe it´s not true but maybe they have less colds.:))
Can change our mood with colors, weather and things like this?	Can we change our mood with colors, weather and things like this?
Can change our mood with colors, weather and things like this?	Can we affect our mood with colors, weather and things like this?
Toy Story 3	Toy Story 3
Today I went to watch the movie "Toy Story 3" with my children.	Today I went to see the movie "Toy Story 3" with my children.
And at the end the space´s man change the accent trying to flirt with the cowgirl.	And at the end the space man changed his accent trying to flirt with the cowgirl.
They dance a very funny song with an special spanish accent.	They danced to a very funny song with a special Spanish influence.
I would like to know if the movie in other country change this song with the special accent from the country.	I would like to know if the movie in other country change this song with the special accent from the country.
I know the movies can change when they are perform in different countries but they are things they can´t change or uhmmmm they can´t understand when is about different cultures or situations.	I know the movies can change when they are perform in different countries but they are things they can´t change or uhmmmm they can´t understand when is about different cultures or situations.
I like cartoons, and I think some ideas are for adult not for children ...	I like cartoons, but I think some ideas are for adult and not for children ...
for that I laugh when children don´t understand the meaning but they laugh anyway.	for that I laugh when children don´t understand the meaning but they laugh anyway.
They are so innocent.	They are so innocent.
I had a very sad feeling because they speak about the destiny of the toys when the children grow up.	I had a very sad feeling because they speak about the destiny of the toys when the children grow up.
How sad is when nobody want you because now you have another interest.	How sad is it when nobody wants you because you have another interest.
This made  me to think about the toys I had when I was a child.	This made  me to think about the toys I had when I was a child.
I haven´t anyone now.	I don't have any now.
Did they feel like the toys in the movie???	Did they feel like the toys in the movie???
I hope no.	I hope not.
LOOOOL	LOOOOL
News	News
I´m watching TV everyday to know what happen in Japan.	I´m watching TV everyday to find out what is happening in Japan.
I´m watching TV everyday to know what happen in Japan.	I´m watching TV each day to find out what's happening in Japan.
I´m very concerned for the situation.	I´m very concerned about the situation.
Things can change so quick....	Things can change so quickly....
we are here with all we need but in a moment we have nothing.	we are here with all we need, but in a moment we could have nothing.
Besides this the weather is very cold in Japan now , and the volcano decided to wake up too.	Besides this, the weather is very cold in Japan now, and the volcano has decided to wake up too.
Besides this the weather is very cold in Japan now , and the volcano decided to wake up too.	Besides that, the weather now is very cold in Japan , and the volcano has decided to wake up too.
Why things get worse?	Why do things have to get worse? OR How can things get any worse?
The Three Wise Men	The Three Wise Men
Today my little daughter asked me if we were lying about the Tree Wise Men.	Today my little daughter asked me if we were lying about the Tree Wise Men.
I´m sad with this, because...	This makes me sad, because...
it´s like....	it´s like....
I lost my little child.	I lost my little child.
She grows quick and I don´t realize.	She grows quick and I don´t realize it.
She grows quick and I don´t realize.	She grows quickly and I don´t realize it.
I knew she listen her friends in the school, but I didn´t say anything until she asked me.	I knew she listen to her friends in school, but I didn´t say anything until she asked me.
I knew she listen her friends in the school, but I didn´t say anything until she asked me.	I knew she listens to her friends at school, but I didn´t say anything until she asked me.
I read a story about this in internet.	I read a story about this on the internet.
The father told her child that The Three Wise Men were old and they couln´t carry gifts for all children.	The father told her child that The Three Wise Men were old and they couldn´t carry gifts for all children.
God told them: I know what you have to do.	God told them: I know what you have to do.
There aren´t so many Pages.	There aren´t so many Pages.
But I know two for every child.	But I know two for every child.
They are their parents.	They are their parents.
They are who love them very much, and when the children grow up, then, they are able to give too, because they love her parents like they do.	They are the ones who love them very much, and when the children grow up, then, they are able to give too, because they love their parents like they do.
The child in this way realized that her parents didn´t lie her.	The child in this way realized that her parents didn´t lie to her.
Bewitched	Bewitched
I used to watch this serie when I was a child.	I used to watch this series when I was a child.
I used to watch this serie when I was a child.	I used to watch this show when I was a child.
I used to watch this serie when I was a child.	I used to watch this series when I was a child.
In spanish of course, but I liked a lot when Samanta moved her nose.	In spanish of course, but I liked it a lot when Samanta moved her nose.
In spanish of course, but I liked a lot when Samanta moved her nose.	In Spanish, of course, but I always liked it a lot when Samantha wiggled her nose.
In spanish of course, but I liked a lot when Samanta moved her nose.	It was in Spanish of course, but I liked a lot when Samantha moved her nose.
Now ,when I found this in internet, and I listened in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.	Now ,when I found this on the internet, and I listened to it in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.
Now ,when I found this in internet, and I listened in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.	Now, when I found this on the internet, and listened to it in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.
Now ,when I found this in internet, and I listened in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.	Now, when I found this on the internet, and I listened to it in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.
I think I liked because it´s a mixture of humor and magic.	I think I liked it because it´s a mixture of humor and magic.
I think I liked because it´s a mixture of humor and magic.	I think I liked it because it´s a mixture of humor and magic.
She was always trying to be a normal woman , and her mother wanted she behaved like a witch and fighting with her husband.	She was always trying to be a normal woman , and her mother wanted her to behave like a witch and fighting with her husband.
She was always trying to be a normal woman , and her mother wanted she behaved like a witch and fighting with her husband.	She was always trying to be a normal woman, but her mother wanted her to behave like a witch. And she was always fighting with her husband.
She was always trying to be a normal woman , and her mother wanted she behaved like a witch and fighting with her husband.	She was always trying to be a normal woman, and her mother wanted her to behave like a witch. She was always fighting with her husband.
Did you see it too?	Did you watch it too?
Did you see it too?	Have you seen it too?
Enjoy it!!!	Enjoy!!!
Enjoy it!!!	Enjoy !!!
Hallowen	Halloween
Today is Hallowen and my children want to dress up.	Today is Halloween and my children want to dress up.
In Spain is not common people celebrate this day , but every year there is more people do it.	In Spain it is not common for people celebrate this day , but every year there are more people doing it.
In Spain is not common people celebrate this day , but every year there is more people do it.	In Spain it is not common for people to celebrate this day , but every year there are more and more people doing it.
Young people want more every year, because it is a day they can enjoy and make up their faces.	Young people want more every year, because it is a day they can enjoy and put make up on their faces.
I don´t undestand this day very much, I never lived this before in my country.	I don´t understand this day very much, I never experienced this before in my country.
I don´t undestand this day very much, I never lived this before in my country.	I don´t understand this day really, I've never experienced this before in my country.
A dream	A dream
Do you know what a dream means?	Do you know what a dream means?
Do you have a dream?	Do you have a dream?
All my life I was trying to understand when people speak english or what the song says.	All my life I have been trying to understand when people speak english or what the songs say.
All my life I was trying to understand when people speak english or what the song says.	All my life I have been trying to understand when people speak English or what a song says.
All my life I was trying to understand when people speak english or what the song says.	All my life I was trying to understand when people speak english or what the song means.
SIGH	SIGH
But now we have more posibilities.	But now we have more possibilities.
We have internet....	We have Internet....
skype...	skype...
msn....	msn....
ohhhh that´s wonderful.	ohhhh that´s wonderful.
You can speak or comunicate with people around the world.	You can speak or comunicate with people around the world.
We can learn what we want but...	We can learn what we want, but the most important is to learn about different cultures and to make friends.
the most important is to learn about diferent cultures and make friends.	most importantly is to learn about diferent cultures and make friends.
the most important is to learn about diferent cultures and make friends.	the most important thing is to learn about different cultures and make friends.
Maldita Nerea	Maldita Nerea
Do you like music?	Do you like music?
I like a lot and the music relax me and I enjoy with it.	I like music a lot and the music relaxes me and I enjoy it.
I like a lot and the music relax me and I enjoy with it.	I like music a lot because it relaxes me. I also enjoy it.
I like a lot and the music relax me and I enjoy with it.	I like music a lot. It relaxes me and I enjoy it.
Today I was in Murcia and this group is from there.	Today I was in Murcia, and this group is from there.
I remembered it and I want to share with you.	I remembered it and I wanted to share with you.
I remembered it and I want to share with you.	Being in Murcia reminded me of the band, and I wanted to share a song with you. 
I like to listen english songs because is a way to practice too.	I like to listen to english songs because it is a good way to practice too.
I like to listen english songs because is a way to practice too.	I like to listen english songs because it is a way to practice ? A way to practice what?]
I like to listen english songs because is a way to practice too.	I like to listen to English songs because it is a good way to practice too.
But sometimes is good to understand all.	But sometimes it is good to understand everything .
But sometimes is good to understand all.	But sometimes is good to understand all.
Did you like it?	Did you like it? Generally the meaning is clear and easy to understand. I think you are writing English as you would write your language. Keep writing, and, if you can, listen to English.
The lost Pyramids	The lost Pyramids
This news surprise me.	This news surprised me.
It´s increible nowdays we can find Pyramids we never knew.	It´s incredible that nowadays, we can find Pyramids which we never knew.
It´s appeal has captivated millions of people over time.	Its appeal has captivated millions of people over time.
Even more, when we see amazing discoveries are constantly emerging.	Even more, when we see amazing discoveries are constantly emerging.
In Egypt , a satellite found 17 lost Pyramids.	In Egypt , a satellite found 17 lost Pyramids.
They used infrared images to detect underground buildings.	They used infrared images to detect underground buildings.
Interesting, right?	Interesting, right?
I never were there, but ,it´s a place I´d like to visit.	I have never been there, but it´s a place I´d like to visit.
Maybe because I watched Indiana Jone´s movie.	Maybe because I watched Indiana Jones movie.
Or maybe because everything around them is mysterious.	Or maybe because everything around them is mysterious.
Shopping	Shopping
I was with my daughter doing one thing like all woman.:)) We went shopping!!	I was with my daughter doing one thing that all women like.:)) We went shopping!!
Next thursday we will go on holidays and I wanted to buy some things we need.	Next Thursday we will go on holiday and I wanted to buy some things we need.
It´s fun because I only want to buy things really we need...	It´s fun because I only want to buy things we really need...
but with children that´s almost impossible.	but with children that´s almost impossible.
My little daughter never says I want this...	My little daughter never says I want this...
she says I NEED THIS.:))) 	she says I NEED THIS.:))) 
I prefer she is at home with her father.	I prefer she stay at home with her father.
I´m trying to learn her it´s fun to go together , but we can´t buy all she see in the shops.	I´m trying to learn more about her, so it´s fun to go together , but we can´t buy all that she sees in the shops.
We are not rich.	We are not rich.
And she doesn´t need all those things.	Also, she doesn´t need all those things.
Upset 	Upset 
Today I went home and I tried to speak with some friend on skype,but nobody was online.	Today I went home and I tried to speak with some friends on Skype, but nobody was online.
I haven´t all days to do this, and it´s disappointing when I want but I can´t.	I haven´t got all day to do this, and it´s disappointing when I want to but I can´t. Or 'I can't do this every day, so it's....' 
It´s relaxing for me to speak with friends and I love to speak in english.	It´s relaxing for me to speak with friends and I love to speak in english.
I realize that there are a lot of people who can spend a lot of time doing this and I envy them.	I realize that there are a lot of people who can spend a lot of time doing this and I envy them.
I´m sure they don´t work as much as I have to do it.	I´m sure they don´t work as much as I have to. 'Or I'm sure they don't work as much as I have to, which means they have more time to talk on Skype'
I´d like to have a job with less responsibility and less hours to work.	I´d like to have a job with less responsibility and less hours of work. Or just 'less hours'.
But ...	But ...
Can I decide this now?	Can I decide this now?
When I retire I´ll spend more time to speak with friend and doing NOTHIG.	When I retire I´ll spend more time speaking with friends and doing NOTHING.
I miss doing nothing.	I miss doing nothing.
Do you belive this?	Do you believe this?
English Books	English Books
I want to read Englihs book but it´s hard for me.	I want to read English books, but it's hard for me.
Sometimes I don´t understand words and I´m lazy to look in the dictionary.	Sometimes I don't understand words and I'm too lazy to look in the dictionary.
I try to understand the idea even if I don´t understand words.	I try to understand the idea even if I don´t understand words.
I don´t know if this is good or not but I want to advance and not give up.	I don't know if this is good or not, but I want to advance and not give up.
Sarah plain and tall	Sarah, Plain and Tall
Sarah plain and tall	Sarah, Plain and Tall
I finished the book.	I finished the book.
It was very easy and I understand almost all.	It was very easy to read and I understood almost all of it.
It was very easy and I understand almost all.	It was very easy and I understood almost all of it.
It´s about a sweet woman who goes with a father and his children to make a family.	It´s about a sweet woman who goes to live with a father and his children to form a family. "Sweet" is ok, but it would probably sound better to say "very kind" or "very loving."
It´s about a sweet woman who goes with a father and his children to make a family.	It´s about a sweet woman who goes to live with a father and his children to make a family.
The children are worried and they want the father can be happy again because their mother died years ago.	The children are worried and they want their father to be able to be happy again because their mother died many years before.
The children are worried and they want the father can be happy again because their mother died years ago.	The children are worried and they want their father to be happy again because their mother died many years ago.
Hello	Hello
Hello friends,	Hello friends,
I would like to know if someone wants to speak with voice with me.	I would like to know if someone wants to talk with me.
I practice writing  but I need to improve my listening and speak.	I practice writing but I need help improving my listening and speaking skills.
I practice writing  but I need to improve my listening and speak.	I practice writing but I also need to improve my listening and speaking.
I have problems with this.	I have problems with this.
I can help you with your spanish.	I can help you with your Spanish.
Pets	Pets
I love animals but I didn´t want to have in my house because I haven´t enough time for them.	I love animals but I didn't want to have any in my house because I haven´t enough time for them.
But all changed when I had children.	But all that changed when I had children.
They love animals too.	They love animals too.
They wanted a dog and my sister gifted one to my older daughter.	They wanted a dog and my sister gave one to my older daughter.
But the dog was the first...	But the dog was only the first...
now we have a tortoise in the ground and two small in the water.	now we have a tortoise in the garden and two small tortoises in the water.
now we have a tortoise in the ground and two small in the water.	now we have a tortoise in the ground and two small in the water.Suggestion: now we have a tortoise living on land, and two small turtles living in the water.
Two weeks ago my little dauther wanted a bird and now we have one.	Two weeks ago my little daughter wanted a bird and now we have one.
It is like a little parrot but very sweet and don´t make noise like them.	It is like a little parrot but very sweet and doesn´t make noise like them.
It can be away the cage and we can put it over our shoulders.	It can come out of the cage and we can put it on our shoulders.
And today.....	And today.....
my husband found A CHAMELEON in the road and he brought it at home too.	my husband found A CHAMELEON in the road and he brought it at home too.
LOL	LOL
I have to say that the totoise was found in the country too.	I have to say that the totoise was found in the country too.
I think people leave them when they are tired or they leave the house because the owners make a mistake.	I think people leave them when they are tired of them, or they leave the house because the owners make a mistake.
Anyway....	Anyway....
now I have a zoo at home.:) 	now I have a zoo at home.:) 
Lang-8	Lang-8
Lang-8 is a wonderful place to practice my English always I can.	Lang-8 is a wonderful place where I can always practice my English
We can find friends here, but it´s no so easy that we continue with the friendship.	We can find friends here, but it´s not so easy to continue with the friendship.
I think it´s difficult to have an habit,and come here to write everyday.	I think it´s difficult to have a habit, and to come here to write everyday.
Our life is sometimes full of other things we have to do.	Our life is sometimes full of other things we have to do.
Most important is not to give up.	What is most important is not to give up.
When I write something and nobody read it, it´s because is not important for the other person.	When I write something and nobody reads it, it´s because it is not important for the other person.
But we must to continue with this practice.	But we must continue with this practice.
With time we´ll realize that it is worth.	With time, we´ll realize that it is worth it.
Internet Shopping	Internet Shopping
Do you buy on internet?	Do you buy things on the Internet? In English you need to say 'the Internet' not just 'Internet' like in Spanish
Do you buy on internet?	Do you buy off the internet?
I think in Spain we are not as developed like other countries.	I think in Spain we are not as developed in this area like other countries. Or 'I think in Spain we are not as accustomed to buy things online like in other countries'
I think in Spain we are not as developed like other countries.	I think that in Spain we are not as developed in this respect as other countries.
We buy tickets to go at the cinema or for travelling but I don´t think people buy food or clothes.	We buy movie tickets or airline tickets but I don´t think people buy food or clothes.
We buy tickets to go at the cinema or for travelling but I don´t think people buy food or clothes.	We buy tickets for the cinema,or for travel, but I don´t think that many people buy food or clothes.
Not most people.	At least, not most people.
Not most people.	Not most people anyway.
There are things that people like to touch or to see with their own eyes.	There are things that people like to touch, or to see with their own eyes.
Do you think this is true?	Do you think that this is true?
Is it different in your country?	Is it different in your country?
Internet is present but is future too.	The Internet is the present but it is the future too.
Weekend	Weekend
The weekend is finishing and we have to work again tomorrow.	The weekend is finishing, and we have to work again tomorrow.
The weekend is finishing and we have to work again tomorrow.	The weekend is almost over, and we have to work again tomorrow.
I was working so hard that I couldn´t study English like I want.	I was working so hard that I couldn´t study English like I wanted to.
I´d like to continue with my studies like before.	I´d like to continue with my studies as before.
I´d like to continue with my studies like before.	I´d like to continue with my studies like I did before.
I hope so.	I hope so.
I was watching news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.	I was watching the news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.
I was watching news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.	I was watching the news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.
I was watching news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.	I was watching the news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.
I feel very bad for all of them.	I feel very bad for all of them.
I can´t take off my head.	I can´t get it out of my head.
I can´t take off my head.	I can´t get it out of my head.
I think I´m getting old, my preferences are changing.	I think I´m getting old. My preferences are changing.
I think I´m getting old, my preferences are changing.	I think I'm getting old; my preferences are changing.
Go ask Alice	Go ask Alice
Hello friends.	Hello friends.
It´s a long time I couldn´t write here.	I couldn´t write here for a long time.
I just read a book a friend recommended."Go Ask Alice"	I just read a book that a friend recommended to me called "Go Ask Alice."
It´s a book about young people and drugs.	It´s a book about young people and drugs.
I have a young daughter with age more or less the same of the girl´s book.	I have a young daughter who is more or less the same age as the girl in the book.
It´s not a happy book but we can learn new things with it.	It´s not a happy book, but we can learn new things from it.
I want my daughter read it too.	I want my daughter to read it too.
Kings ring-shaped cake	A King's ring-shaped cake
Today is one of the best days for children in my country.	Today is one of the best days for children in my country.
They wake up very soon although it´s a holiday.	They wake up very soon even though it´s a holiday.
They want to know if the Three Wise Men brought them a lot of gifts.	They want to know if the Three Wise Men brought them a lot of gifts.
This is only for good children.	This is only for good children.
If they were bad, they bring coal(it´s sweet coal).	If they were bad, the Kings bring coal(it´s sweet coal).
In the morning all children play with their toys and it´s common to eat chocolate with the king ring-shaped cake.	In the morning the children play with their toys and it´s common to eat chocolate with the king's ring-shaped cake.
Inside the king ring-shaped we can find a little king and a bean.	Inside the king's ring-shaped cake you may find a little king and a bean.
And a crown.	And a crown.
Who finds the bean he has to pay the kings ring-shaped cake, and who finds the king he can wear the crown.	Whoever finds the bean has to pay for the king's ring-shaped cake, and whoever finds the king gets to wear the crown.
Of course in my house nobody pays the cake.	Of course in my house nobody pays for the cake.
I did when I bought.:))	I did when I bought it.:))
Letters	Letters
Do you write letters?	Do you write letters?
When I was younger I used to write letters to my family , to my friends ..	When I was younger, I used to write letters to my family , to my friends ..
when I was on holidays or we lived away.	when I was on holidays or when we lived far away.
But now that changed.	But now that has changed.
But now that changed.	But now that has all changed.
I only do in Christmas.	I only do at Christmas.
I only do in Christmas.	Now, I only do it at Christmas.
I send Christmas cards.	I send Christmas cards.
I think it´s more personal and I like to receive too.	I think it´s more personal and I like to receive them too.
But last year I began to receive e-mails for Christmas not the cards.	But last year I began to receive e-mails for Christmas, not cards. Or, "instead of cards."
Well...	Well...
really I like them too.	I really like them too.
LOL Some of them are funny and very beautiful but I´m sad because we are losing a lot of good things too.	LOL Some of them are funny and very beautiful, but I´m sad because, at the same time, we are losing many good things too.
Internet is increible and we can have all we seek in a moment.	The Internet is incredible and we can have anything we want in a moment.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Easter	Easter
I'll not travel this Easter.	I will not travel this Easter.
I'll not travel this Easter.	I won't be traveling this Easter.
We decided to be here.	We decided to stay here.
I have a lot of things to do and I want to be more time with my family.	I have a lot of things to do, and I want to spend more time with my family.
With 5 days off I have we can go to enjoy to another city ,to eat away some restaurant and I want to go with the children to a amusement park.	With the five days off that I have, we can go and enjoy another city ,to eat at some restaurant perhaps, and I want to go with the children to an amusement park.
With 5 days off I have we can go to enjoy to another city ,to eat away some restaurant and I want to go with the children to a amusement park.	With the 5 days off that I have we can go and enjoy another city, eat out at some restaurant, and go with the children to an amusement park.
I don´t think we need to go very far from here to do those things.:)	I don´t think that we need to travel very far from here in order to do those things.:)
My father	My father
My father died last April and now I realize that I miss him more.	My father died last April and now I realize that I miss him more than ever.
My mother died when I was seven years old then he was the last I had.	My mother died when I was seven years old. He was my last remaining relative.
We lived far and we had our life but in some way we knew we were together.	We lived far from each other and we had our own lives , but somehow we knew we were together.
Now when I remember that I feel very sad.	Now when I remember that I feel very sad.
We grow up and we realize how important they are.	We grow up and we realize how important they are.
With this crazy life we have time for anything and there are things we can´t enjoy them.	With this crazy life we have time for anything and there are things we can´t enjoy them.
Those things are smallers but the most important.	Those things may be small but are the most important.
Aforetime people were no so busy and they had time for doing simple things.	In the past people were not so busy and they had time for doing simple things.
Medieval market	Medieval market
Today I went to a Medieval Market.	Today I went to a Medieval Market.
I was in some other similar.	I've been to similar events.
I was in some other similar.	I have been to some other similar events.
I like because people wear medieval clothes and we can eat good food.	I like it because people wear medieval clothes and we can eat good food.
I like because people wear medieval clothes and we can eat good food.	I like going because people wear medieval clothes and we can eat good food.
Children like those markets and I like to buy cheese , bread...	Children like those markets too and I like to buy cheese, bread, and handmade jewelry.
Children like those markets and I like to buy cheese , bread...	Children like those markets as well and I like to buy cheese, bread...
and handmade jewelry.	and handmade jewelry.
Today I didn´t buy this but I like to see it.	Today I didn't buy anything but I liked just seeing everything.
Today I didn´t buy this but I like to see it.	Today I didn´t buy anything but I like to go to see everything.
Today I didn´t buy this but I like to see it.	Today I didn´t buy anything, but I liked looking at everything. 
Have you any similar market in your country?	Do you have a similar market in your country?
Have you any similar market in your country?	Do you have any similar markets in your country?
Blog	Blog
I would like to write a blog.	I would like to write a blog.
It's a good way to practice my writing skills.	It's a good way to practice my writing skills.
But I don´t know about what I can write.	But I don´t know what I can write about.
But I don´t know about what I can write.	But I don´t know what to write about.
I´m afraid can be bored or maybe it will be happen what happen here to me.	I´m afraid my readers will be bored, or maybe what happened here to me will happen again.
I think I write silly things.	I think that I write silly things.
I must think and begin to write to get better in the language I like to learn.	I must think, and begin to write in order to get better in the language that I'd like to learn.
I must think and begin to write to get better in the language I like to learn.	I need to think and begin to write to get better in the language I enjoy learning.
It´s funny because I speak a lot, but when I try to write I´m blocked and I can´t think about what I can write.	It´s funny because I speak a lot, but when I try to write, I´m blocked and I can´t think what to write.
It´s funny because I speak a lot, but when I try to write I´m blocked and I can´t think about what I can write.	It´s funny because I'm very talkative, but when I try to write I get a mental block and I can´t think about to write.
Strike	Strike
Today in Spain we had a general strike.	Today in Spain we had a general strike.
I agree that people express their ideas in the way they want but I don´t understand when they do with violence.	I agree that people should express their ideas in the way they want, but I don´t understand when they do with violence.
I agree that people express their ideas in the way they want but I don´t understand when they do with violence.	I agree that people should be able to express their ideas in the way they want, but I don´t understand it when they use violence.
I was thinking about people who live in those streets and they maybe couldn´t move of their houses.	I was thinking about people who live on those streets and how they maybe couldn´t get out of their houses.
I was thinking about people who live in those streets and they maybe couldn´t move of their houses.	I was thinking about the people who live in those streets and they maybe couldn´t move out of their houses.
To speak  with friends	To speak  with friends
I love to speak with friends with voice.	I love to speak with friends online.
Yesterday I was speaking about technology and thanks to that I can speak with friends in MSN or Skype.	Yesterday I was speaking about technology and thanks to that I can speak with friends on MSN or Skype.
It´s not frequent because I haven´t time, and because the hour is different in the countries where my friends are.	It´s not frequent because I haven´t the time, and because the hour is different in the countries where my friends are.
But I love to do this and it´s a way to know about things of other cultures and make friends.	But I love to do this and it's a way to learn about things of other cultures and make friends.
It´s  not easy to find friends who want the same you want and sometimes you can support the friendship not too much time.	It´s not easy to find friends who want the same that you want and sometimes you can support the friendship.
But...	But...
worth it.	It's worth it.
All Saints day	All Saints day
Today in Spain we celebrate the All Saints Day (I´m not sure if I can say it in this way)	Today in Spain we celebrate All Saints Day (I´m not sure if I can say it in this way)
Today in Spain we celebrate the All Saints Day (I´m not sure if I can say it in this way)	Today in Spain we celebrate All Saints Day (I´m not sure if I can say it in this way)
It´s not a happy day .	It´s not a happy day .
All of us remember our dead relatives.	All of us remember our dead relatives.
People go at the cemetery and lay flowers.	People go to the cemetery and lay flowers.
People go at the cemetery and lay flowers.	People go to the cemetery and lay flowers.
It´s a good day if you have a florist´s shop.	It´s a good day if you have a florist´s shop.
:)	:)
Paella	Paella
Today I cooked paella.	Today I cooked paella.
It´s a typical Spanish dish from Valencia.	It´s a typical Spanish dish from Valencia.
You can cook paella with a lot of ingredients: meat, fish, vegetables....	You can cook paella with many different ingredients: with meat, with fish, with vegetables....
but the main ingredient is the rice,and I think is the most famous spanish dish	but the main ingredient is the rice. I think it is the most famous Spanish dish.
Here where I live in all restaurant you can eat it and women know very well how to do it.	Here where I live you can find it in all the restaurants, and women know how to make it very well.
Not me...	Not me...
LOL I´m not from here but I´m trying to do better.	LOL I´m not from here but I´m trying to do better.
I prefer paella with shellfish, for me it´s delicious.	I prefer paella with shellfish; in my opinion, it´s delicious.
I prefer paella with shellfish, for me it´s delicious.	I prefer paella with shellfish: I think it´s delicious.
We call paella to the pan we cook the rice.	We call the pan that we cook the rice in a paella. 
You can´t cook paella in other thing.	You can´t cook paella in anything else. 
Well....	Well....
you can but it´s not the same.:))	you can but it´s not the same.:))
Foreigners love paella and we can see them eating at night and I was surprised when last week in my hotel we had paella for breakfast.	Foreigners love paella and we see them eating at night. I was surprised when last week in my hotel we had paella for breakfast.
I didn´t eat it.	I didn´t eat it.
Anyway it´s a complete meal and you can eat it when you can.	Anyway, it´s a complete meal and you can eat it whenever you want.
We are caught	We are caught
I have a work that it tooks me most of the day.	I have a job that it takes up most of the day.
I would like to have more time to read, do gym, have time with my daughters,learn english....	I would like to have more time to read, go to the gym, have time with my daughters, learn English....
but to do all it´s impossible.:)	but to do it all is impossible.:)
We work more everyday to have more things and because we want our children have more things we could have but....	We work more everyday to have more things and because we want our children to have more things we could have but....
do you think we are happier than people haven´t all these things?	do you think we are happier than people who don't have all these things?
I think we are concentrated in our situation but we don´t stop and think carefully.	I think we are so caught up in our situation that we don´t stop and think carefully.
We can have more things now that our fathers but I don´t think we are happier than they were.	We can have more things now than our fathers did, but I don´t think we are happier than they were.
People lived without all things we have nowadays but they lived more intensely the little things.	People lived without all the things we have nowadays but they enjoyed more intensely the little things.
Family and tradition were more important.	Family and tradition were more important.
We are caught in the day to day.	We are caught in the day to day.
Stress Proof  Your Life	Stress Proof  Your Life
I finished my book :Stress Proof your life.	I finished my book :Stress Proof your life.
I was not a perfect book but I found tips to control the stress.	It was not perfect but I discovered tips to control stress.
Some of them I can´t follow because life is not so easy.	Some of them I can´t follow because life is not so easy.
But I think we can think about how we can manage our style of life.	But we can think about how we can manage our style of life.
I will begin a new one right now.	I will begin a new book right now.
Hey, soul sister	Hey, soul sister
I just to listen a song and I coudn´t stop moving.	I just listened to a song and I couldn't sit still.
It´s great what music can do.	It´s great what music can do.
I like to listen when I´m driving and I use to sing too ,maybe people think I´m a little crazy,he,he...	I like to listen to music when I´m driving and I usually to sing too ,maybe people think I´m a little crazy,he,he...
Here I leave that song	Here I leave that song
Do you like?	Do you like it?
can you stay without moving?	can you sit still without moving?
Amazon	Amazon
Today I´m excited because I received the books from Amazon.	Today I´m excited because I received my books from Amazon.
I´m now like a child.	I´m now like a child. or "I feel like a child."
I will begin to read more in english even if I don´t understand all I read.	I will begin to read more in english even if I don't understand everything.
The Beach	The Beach
Today we went to the beach.	Today we went to the beach.
This beach is near the house of my mother in law.	This beach is near my mother in law's house.
She has a house there and we go sometimes to eat and spend a time with her.	we go there sometimes to eat and spend time with her.
In Spain we have a good weather and a lot of people come here in summer.	In Spain we have nice weather and a lot of people come here in the summer.
It´s different in winter we have less  people.	It´s different in winter, we have less people.
It´s different in winter we have less  people.	It´s different in the winter, though; fewer people visit.
It´s a long beach and you can decide if you want to be with crowd or to walk a little more and be almost alone.	The beach we went to is rather long, and you can decide if you want to be among the crowd or to walk a little further along to a more secluded area and be almost alone.
It was not the best day to swim.	Today was not the best day to swim.
It was very windy and rough sea.	It was very windy and the sea was rough .
They put the red flag.	The Beach Safety Patrol raised the red flag.
This is when is not safe to swim.	They do this is when is not safe to swim.
This is when is not safe to swim.	This flag is put up when it is not safe to swim.
But we had a lot of beach with blue flag.	But most of the beach was marked with the blue flag.
When it is good beach , not polution.	When it is good beach, not polluted.
When it is good beach , not polution.	This means that it is a good beach and is not polluted.
The shop on Blossom Street	The Shop on Blossom Street
I finished the book " The shop on Blossom street"	I just finished reading the book "The Shop on Blossom Street."
It´s about the life of 5 women.	It´s about the lives of five women.
I´m happy because is an English book ,and even though I don´t understand everything ,I can understand the idea.	I´m happy because the book is in English, and even though I didn't understand everything, I could understand the idea.
I´ll try to begin another English book this week.	I´ll try to begin another book in English this week.
But I haven´t a lot of time because my job.	Unfortunately, I don't have a lot of time because of my job.
If I can´t at home I´ll do during my bussines trips.	If I can´t find the time to read at home, I´ll do so during my business trips.
I'm a little sad for this because with my new job I haven´t time for doing things I like.	I'm a little sad about this because with my new job I don´t have the time to do the things I like.
I hope when I have more control of the situation .	I hope to soon have more control over the situation.
Meanwhile I´m a little crazy and overwhelmed.:(	In the meantime, I feel a little crazy and overwhelmed.:(
The crisis is affecting our health	The crisis is affecting our health
More than 44 percent of the population, suffer more stress and tension for two years due to economic crisis.	More than 44 percent of the population have been suffering higher stress and tension for two years due to the economic crisis.
I read this in an study in Spain.	I read this in a study in Spain.
It examines ,the extent and how the current economic situation is affecting the health of citizens and therefore their quality of life.	It examines how and to what extent the current economic situation is affecting the health of citizens and therefore their quality of life.
The visits to mental health services, have increased due to the problems generated by the economic crisis,and demand for healthcare affects people who have lost their jobs as employed persons who fear problems.	Visits to mental health services have increased due to the problems generated by the economic crisis,and demand for healthcare affects people who have lost their jobs as much as employed people who are afraid of problems.
The future labor scene is presented as complicated for the Spanish.	The future labor situation appears complicated for the Spanish people.
We see cuts in everyplace.	We see cuts everywhere.
Unemployment is more than ever, especially in young people.	Unemployment is more than ever, especially amongst young people.
How can they do in this situation?	How can they survive in this situation?
If we read the news or we look at other countries we can´t find better situations.	If we read the news or we look at other countries we can´t find better situations.
I´m a mother of two daughters.	I´m the mother of two daughters.
I´m worried about their future.	I´m worried about their future.
With Friends	With Friends
Yesterday we went to eat with some friends.	Yesterday we went to eat with some friends.
We order "paella".	We ordered "paella".
It´s a tipical rice in Spain.	It´s a typical rice in Spain.
This time we order with rabbit and snails.	This time we ordered it with rabbit and snails.
I think snails are a little strange for some people.	I think snails are a little strange for some people.
But here is normal and taste very well.	But here it is normal and tastes very good.
I don´t like snails, I never eat them but I like the taste they give to the rice.	I don´t like snails; I never eat them but I like the taste they give to the rice.
In that restaurant they cook the rice very well , the secret is a very thin cover of rice.	In that restaurant they cook the rice very well: the secret is a very thin cover of rice.
Friday	Friday
Today is Friday and I like torelax.	Today is Friday, and I like to relax.
Today is Friday and I like torelax.	Today is Friday, and I like to relax.
The weather is very hot here we can swim in the pool or go at the sea.	The weather is very hot here, but we can swim in the pool or go to the sea.
The weather is very hot here we can swim in the pool or go at the sea.	The weather is very hot here, we can swim in the pool or go to the sea.
The children like to swim in the sea.	The children like to swim in the sea.
Tomorrow my little daughter has a show in a pool.	Tomorrow my little daughter has a show in a pool.
She makes syncronized swimming.	She does synchronized swimming.
She makes syncronized swimming.	She makes syncronized swimming.
She is happy and excited for that.:)	She is happy and excited about that.
And on Sunday I´ll go to eat away and we´ll go at the sea with her.	On Sunday I´ll go out to eat and we´ll go at the sea with her.
And on Sunday I´ll go to eat away and we´ll go at the sea with her.	On Sunday I´ll go out to eat, and we´ll go to the sea with her.
I´ll take my holidays soon.	I´ll take my holidays soon.
It´s great I´ll have a lot of free time for me.	IIt's great for me; I'll have a lot of free time.
It´s like a dream.	It´s like a dream.
This year was very hard for me in my job.	This year was very hard for me in my line of work.
This year was very hard for me in my job.	This year my job was very hard on me.
I had to work a lot.	I had to work a lot.
The routine	The routine
This week I began to work again.	This week I began to work again.
My summer vacation finished.	My summer vacation finished.
All things come back to the routine.	All things come back to the routine.
When the school begins it´s for me like another year begins too.	When school begins it´s for me like another year begins too.
And I try to do new things.	And I try to do new things.
I promise myself....	I promise myself....
I´ll study more english,I´ll do gyms, I´ll do this and that...	I´ll study more English, I´ll do gyms, I´ll do this and that...
I´ll study more english,I´ll do gyms, I´ll do this and that...	I´ll study more English,I´ll go to the gym , I´ll do this and that...
but it´s so difficult!!!	but it´s so difficult!!!
The routine is good for the children but....	The routine is good for the children but....
Do you like routine, to know what you have to do everyday?	Do you like routines, to know what you have to do everyday?
Mediterranean cuisine	Mediterranean cuisine
We can read a lot about Mediterranean cuisine.	You can read a lot about Mediterranean cuisine.
Do you know what it is?	Do you know what it is?
People in Mediterranean countries eat these dishes.	People in Mediterranean countries eat these dishes.
All these countries have in common the weather.	All these countries have similar weather, and this weather makes the food special.
All these countries have in common the weather.	All these countries have similar weather .
All these countries have in common the weather.	All these countries enjoy a warm climate.
And the weather makes the food special.	And the weather makes the food special.
The most important food are : olive oil, fish ,seafood, vegetables ,meat ,fruit ..	The most important ingredients are : olive oil, fish ,seafood, vegetables ,meat ,fruit ..
The most important food are : olive oil, fish ,seafood, vegetables ,meat ,fruit ..	The most important ingredients are: olive oil, fish, seafood, vegetables, meat, fruit, etc ..
The most important food are : olive oil, fish ,seafood, vegetables ,meat ,fruit ..	The most important ingredients are olive oil, fish, seafood, vegetables, meat, and fruit.
They cook with spices .	They are cooked with spices .
I think I have to emphasize olive oil ,bread and wine.	I think I have to emphasize olive oil, bread and wine.
Someone told: 	Someone said: 
Someone told: 	Someone said: 
"The kitchen is linked to our way of life,culture and history."	"The kitchen is linked to our way of life, culture and history."
The weather is important in the cultivation of this food and make them taste different and better.	The weather is important in the cultivation of this food and makes them taste different and better.
The weather is important in the cultivation of this food and make them taste different and better.	The weather is important in the cultivation of this food and makes them taste different and better.
The weather is important in the cultivation of this food and make them taste different and better.	The climate is important in the cultivation of this food and make them taste different and better.
I remember when old people spent a lot of time in the kitchen.	I remember when old people spent a lot of time in the kitchen.
My grandmother the first she did when she woke up,it was to put the saucepan in the fire.	The first thing my grandmother did when she woke up was put the saucepan in the fire. 
My grandmother the first she did when she woke up,it was to put the saucepan in the fire.	The first my grandmother did when she woke upwas to put the saucepan in the fire.
My grandmother the first she did when she woke up,it was to put the saucepan in the fire.	My grandmother the first she did when she woke up,it was to put the saucepan on the fire. 
And it need all day to cook the meal.	And it took all day to cook the meal.
And it need all day to cook the meal.	And it took all day to cook a meal.
Responsibility	Responsibility
Today I have a working dinner.	Today I have a working dinner. Today I have dinner meeting that is work related.
It´s Friday and I don´t want to go.	It´s Friday and I don´t want to go out.
It´s Friday and I don´t want to go.	It´s Friday and I don´t want to go out.
I´m tired for working all week but...	I´m very tired for working at all week but...
I have to do it.	I have to do it.
I´ll need all weekend to recover me.:)	I´ll need all weekend to recover .:)
I have to say that I like a lot to sleep and this is not for joy,I would have preferred to eat not to have dinner.	I have to say that I like to sleep  a lot and this is not for joy. I would have preferred to eat rather than not have dinner.
I have to say that I like a lot to sleep and this is not for joy,I would have preferred to eat not to have dinner.	I have to say that I like a lot to sleep and this is not for joy,I would have preferred to eat not to have dinner. I have to say I need to sleep a lot and this is not because of joy. I would have preferred to eat but not to have dinner.
What can I do?	What can I do?
NOTHING.:)	NOTHING.:)
I´m an adult I can´t cry or strike the floor.	I´m an adult so I can´t cry or strike the floor.
I´m an adult I can´t cry or strike the floor.	I´m an adult and I can´t cry or strike the floor.
Well , yes I can ,but this is not the solution.:)And this is not a good example for my children and my family.:))	Well , yes I can ,but this is not a good solution.:) This is also not a good example for my children and my family.:))
Well , yes I can ,but this is not the solution.:)And this is not a good example for my children and my family.:))	Well , yes I can ,but this is not a good  solution.:)And also this is not a good example for my children and my family.:))
I´ll go because I´m very responsible.	I´ll go because I´m very responsible. 
Happy New Year	Happy New Year
Happy New Year.	Happy New Year.
I want to thank all of you, for helping me with my English.	I want to thank all of you for helping me with my English.
For all your corrections and suggestions for learning more and better.	For all your corrections and suggestions for learning more and better.
We should learn for children.	We should learn from our children.
We have preconceived ideas.	We have preconceived ideas.
In my country we think andaluces( people who live in the south of Spain) are lazy and funny, catalanes people from Cataluña are stingy people, and so on.	In my country we think Andalusians (the people who live in the south of Spain) are lazy and funny, Catalonians are stingy, and so on.
The same when we think about people from other countries.	The same when we think about people from other countries.
I don´t think the same way.	I don´t think the same way.
I think we are all different and that´s make interesting everyone.	I think we are all different and that makes everyone interesting.
When I travel I try to adapt where I am and to respect and enjoy the different cultures.	When I travel I try to adapt to where I am and to respect and enjoy the different cultures.
I always say : if he respect to me and he doesn´t hurt me ...	I always say, "If he respects me and doesn't hurt me ...
then I love him.	then I love him.
I like to see the children.	I like to see the children.
They haven´t preconceived ideas.	They have no preconceived ideas.
They do what they feel.	They do what they feel.
They can speak and play with all the children.	They can speak and play with all other children.
They don´t think in their colour or cultures or religion.	They don't think about others' color, culture, or religion.
They only enjoy the moment.	They only enjoy the moment.
They don´t make difference if one has money or not.	It doesn't matter to them if someone has money or not.
We should learn for children.	We should learn from our children.
Ninfa	Ninfa
I love Nifa.	I love Nifa.
She is my bird and is soooo sweet.	She is my bird and she is soooo sweet.
I like when I arrive home and she wants to come with me and I put her in my shoulder and she puts her head down because she wants I caress her neck and she is like that a long time.	I like when I get home and she wants to come with me and I put her on my shoulder and she puts her head down because she wants me to rub her neck and she is like that for a long time.
My daughters are very happy with her and when we arrive home she calls us .	My daughters really like having her and when we get home she greets us .
She begins to sing very high and we have to take of her cage.	She begins to sing very high and we have to take her out of her cage.
It was a good idea to buy her for my daughter in her birthday	It was a good idea to buy her for my daughter for her birthday
Nimph	Cockatiel
We bought a new bird .	We bought a new bird .
She is a Ninfa.	She is a cockatiel.
We had one male but we weren´t sure if he or she was a female or a male.	We had one male but we weren't sure if he or she was a male or female.
We had one male but we weren´t sure if he or she was a female or a male.	We had one, but weren´t sure if it was a female or a male.
We had one male but we weren´t sure if he or she was a female or a male.	We had one already, but we weren´t sure if it was male or female.
The man told us that he was a male and my daughter began to cry because she was thinking all the time he was a girl.	The man told us that he was a male and my daughter began to cry because she had always thought he was a girl.
The man told us that he was a male and my daughter began to cry because she was thinking all the time he was a girl.	The man told us that it was a male and my daughter began to cry, because all the time she'd been thinking that it was a girl.
The man told us that he was a male and my daughter began to cry because she was thinking all the time he was a girl.	The man told us that it was a male and my daughter started to cry because she had thought all along that it was a girl.
Poor girl.	Poor girl.
LOL	LOL
Now he( before she) is very happy, or I think this,lol, because now he has a friend a female friend.	Now he (previously she) is very happy, or at least I think so ,lol, because now he has a new friend, a female friend.
Now he( before she) is very happy, or I think this,lol, because now he has a friend a female friend.	Now he,( previously she), is very happy, or I think so,lol, because now he has a friend, a female one.
My daughters want they can have eggs.	My daughters want them to have eggs.
My daughters want they can have eggs.	My daughters want them to lay eggs.
I hope so.	I hope they do.
I hope so.	I hope so too.
"The Notebook"	"The Notebook"
Yesterday night I finished my book ,"The Notebook" ,and I have to tell you that it liked me a lot.	Yesterday night I finished my book ,"The Notebook" ,and I have to tell you that I liked it a lot.
Yesterday night I finished my book ,"The Notebook" ,and I have to tell you that it liked me a lot.	Yesterday night I finished my book ,"The Notebook" and I have to tell you that I liked it alot.
Yesterday night I finished my book ,"The Notebook" ,and I have to tell you that it liked me a lot.	Last night I finished the book, "The Notebook", and I have to tell you that I liked it a lot.
I couldn´t stop to read it, and I finished before I thought.	I couldn´t stop reading it, and I finished before I expected.
I couldn´t stop to read it, and I finished before I thought.	I couldn´t stop reading it, and I finished it before I expected.
This make me feel very happy, because it´s the first English book not for children that I read.	This made me feel very happy, because it´s the first non-children's English book that I read.
It´s a love story and the end surprised me.	It´s a love story and the end surprised me.
I think love doesn´t depend on age.	I think love doesn´t depend on age.
Christmas decorations	Christmas decorations
We have already decorated some malls.	We have already decorated some malls.
I think is soon, but they decided to begin with the promotion of Christmas gifts.	I think it is too soon, but they decided to begin the promotion of Christmas gifts.
My mother in law called me, and asked me if the children want something special, and now I´m stressed because I think I have to begin to buy things or it will be like last year.	My mother in law called me, and asked me if the children want something special, and now I´m stressed because I think I have to begin to buy things or it will be like last year.
I bought all in the last moment, because I was very busy.	I bought it all at the last moment, because I was very busy.
People decorate their home with a chritsmas tree ,and the streets are decorated too but it is not like other countries.	People decorate their home with a chritsmas tree ,and the streets are decorated too but it is not like other countries.
I have an american friend and he tells me that they decorate their house outside too and a lot.	I have an american friend and he tells me that they decorate their house outside too and a lot.
They spend their time and it´s so beautiful.	They take their time and it's so beautiful.
In Spain is not very common,  only malls, streets...	In Spain this is not very common, only malls, streets...
do you do that in your country?	do you do that in your country?
Holidays	Holidays
I´ll go on holidays next week.	I´ll be gooing on holiday next week.
But I´m afraid of the weather.	But I'm afraid of the weather.
I don´t like the cold weather.	I don't like cold weather.
Even I can say I don´t enjoy when it´s cold.	I don´t enjoy myself when it´s cold.
And we haven´t good clothes for that.	And we haven´t got the right clothes for cold weather
I was shopping today with my daughters and I bought coats, socks , good shoes..	I was shopping today with my daughters and I bought some coats, socks and good shoes.
We are going to Innsbruck ,Salzburg and Munich.	We are going to Innsbruck ,Salzburg and Munich.
We haven´t so cold here.	We are not so cold here.
And it´s difficult to find good clothes for that.:))	It´s difficult to find good clothes for cold weather.
I hope we see snow.	I hope we see snow.
It´s something the children enjoy.	It´s something the children would enjoy.
Study in Summer	Study in the Summer
I´m thinking to send my daughters in summer to study German.	I´m thinking about sending my daughters to study German in the summer. 
I´m thinking to send my daughters in summer to study German.	I´m thinking about sending my daughters to study German in the summer.
I don´t know if they like but It´s good for their future.	I don´t know if they will like it but it will be good for their future.
I don´t know if they like but It´s good for their future.	I don´t know if they will like it, but it will be good for their future.
Maybe because I´d like I could have done.	Maybe because . I would have liked to do it. 
I have time to think about this.	Fortunately, I have some time to think about this.
Did you do a course like this when you were young?	Did you ever take a course like this when you were young?
What do you think about this?	What do you think about this?
Birthday´s party	Birthday party
Yesterday I had the birthday ´s party of my smaller daughter.	Yesterday I had a birthday party for my younger daughter.
I was thinking about how different it was with mine.	I was thinking about how different it was with mine.
Now she give them invitation to her friends and they call me and they tell me if they came or not.	Now she gives invitations to her friends and they call me and they tell me if they will come or not.
When I was a child I had my birthday with only a little friends and the party was something to eat and play.	When I was a child I had my birthday with only a few friends and the party was a time to eat and play.
Only I like now because it´s the time I can speak with other mothers and we exchange ideas.	I only like it now because it´s time I can spend speaking with other mothers to exchange ideas.
I like these meetings with people who has friends too.	I like these meetings with people who have friends too.
It´s to do something different.	It´s to do something different.
Yesterday I began to read a book " George´s Marvellous Medicine"	Yesterday I began to read a book " George´s Marvellous Medicine"
It is funny and easy to read.	It is funny and easy to read.
Misunderstood.	Misunderstood.
I was speaking with a friend and I want to share with you what happen while we was speaking.	I was speaking with a friend and I want to share with you what happened while we were speaking.
He was telling me that police gave tikets to people but I couldn´t understand.	He was telling me that police gave tickets to people but I couldn´t understand.
At last I realized that the meaning of tiket here is when peple do something wrong in the road and they have to pay.:)	At last I realized that the meaning of ticket here is when people do something wrong while driving and they have to pay a fine.:)
I was thinking about the tikets when we go to the movie or when we go to the theatre.	I was thinking about the tickets we use when we go to the movies or when we go to the theatre.
Have you any funny situation about mistakes when we speak different languages?	Have you had any funny situations regarding mistakes when we speak different languages?
Today	Today
Today is Saturday and like every weekend I try to spend my time doing something I like and things I can´t do when I work.	Today is Saturday, and like every weekend I try to spend my time doing something I like and things I can´t do when I work.
The weather was wonderful then we could go at the pool.	If the weather was wonderful, then we could go to the pool.
I like more summer than winter.	I like more summer than winter.
This summer was very hot.	This summer was very hot.
I´m happy a friend give me this site where I can write and people can correct me.	I´m happy a friend gave me this site where I can write and people can correct me.
I think is a good way to learn and help at the same time.	I think it is a good way to learn and help at the same time.
My big problem is to understand when people speak.	My big problem is understanding when people speak.
The listening is very difficult for me.	The listening is very difficult for me.
I only understand some words.	I only understand some words.
To keep my english is difficult because I work but here I feel people are like me and I work happier.	To keep up with my english is difficult because I work. Here I feel people are like me and I work happier.
Break	Break
Today I made an sponge cake and a lemonade.	Today I made a sponge cake and some lemonade.
I love to make it when we are at home after swimming.	I love to make it when we come home from swimming.
I love to make it when we are at home after swimming.	I love to make them when we come home from swimming.
The weather is very hot here and everybody like this.	The weather is very hot here and everybody like it.
The weather is very hot here and everybody like this.	The weather is very hot here, and this makes everybody happy.
The weather is very hot here and everybody like this.	The weather is very hot here and everybody likes it.
I tried to chat with some friend today but I didn´t find anyone at my time.	I tried to chat with some friends today but I couldn´t find anyone.
In the morning I can chat with a chinese friend I knew a long time ago.	In the morning I can chat with a Chinese friend that I have known for a long time.
In the morning I can chat with a chinese friend I knew a long time ago.	Tomorrow morning, I can chat with a Chinese friend who I've known for a long time.
In the morning I can chat with a chinese friend I knew a long time ago.	In the morning I can chat with a chinese friend I met a long time ago.
I didn´t remember where he was from or which his job is.	I don´t remember where he was from or what his job is.
I didn´t remember where he was from or which his job is.	I don't remember where he is from or what his job is.
It´s funny because he put a different name , not his real name.	It´s funny because he uses a different name, not his real name.
He thinks his chinese name is very difficult for most of his friends.	He thinks his chinese name is very difficult for most of his friends to pronounce.
He thinks his chinese name is very difficult for most of his friends.	He thinks his Chinese name is too difficult for most of his friends to pronounce.
He thinks his chinese name is very difficult for most of his friends.	He thinks that his chinese name is very difficult for most of his friends to pronounce.
"TAPAS"	"TAPAS"
My friends know that I´m spanish and I want to share with you some word we have here:"Tapas".	My friends know that I´m spanish and I want to share with you a word we have here: "Tapas".
If you look at the dictionary the meaning is something that cover the saucepan.	If you look in the dictionary the meaning is something that cover the saucepan.
But the other meaning we have is more interesting.	But the other meaning we have is more interesting.
When people think about Spain they think in different words...	When people think about Spain they think of different words...
maybe: flamenco dance, bullfighter, nap,tapas...	such as flamenco dance, bullfighter, nap, tapas...
but today I want to tell you where it comes from the word "tapas".	but today I want to tell you where the word "tapas" comes from.
A long time ago when people was going to the bar and asked a wine´s glass , the waiter served the glass cover with a piece of ham.	A long time ago when people would go to the bar and ask for a glass of wine , the waiter would serve the glass covered with a piece of ham.
And why that?	And why is that?
For the flies.	For the flies.
The flies were one of the problems they had and I don´t think they had healthy conditions.	The flies were one of the problems they had and I don´t think they had healthy conditions back then.
Nowadays, we say "tapas" ,small portions of distinct dishes or traditional products.	Nowadays, we say "tapas" ,small portions of distinct dishes or traditional foods.
They are often taken in midday from noon until dinner time.	They are often taken in midday from noon until dinner time.
Tapas were served for free when you asked for an alcoholic drink.	Tapas were served for free when you asked for an alcoholic drink.
Now is not so common to be free, we have to pay if we want they serve.	But now it is not so common to be free, we have to pay if we want them served.
There are a variety of "tapas" .	There are a variety of "tapas" .
You can make "tapas" with all types of food.	You can make "tapas" with all types of food.
I loved to eat only with "tapas" ,it´s the way to eat a lot of different things	I loved to eat only with "tapas" ,it´s a way to eat a lot of different things.
sleepy	sleepy
Today I´m very tired.	Today I´m very tired.
Some days the job is very hard and I arrive very tired.	Some days the job is very hard and I arrive very tired.
When I speak with people they say that with more age they sleep less.	When I speak with people, they say that as they age they sleep less.
But I feel like everyday I need to sleep more.	However, I feel like everyday I need to sleep more.
LOL	LOL
I don´t know if when we are older we don´t need to sleep so much.	I don´t know if when we are older we don´t need to sleep as much.
It happens to you the same?	Does the same thing happen to you?
Twitter	Twitter
I began to use Twitter.	I began to use Twitter. "Began to" is fine, but "started to" would sound slightly more natural and less formal.
I began to use Twitter.	I just started to use Twitter.
It´s a good way to read and learn English for me.	It´s a good way for me to read and learn more English.
It´s a good way to read and learn English for me.	 For me, it´s a good way to read and learn English.
I found more webs when I can learn and practice.	I found more websites where I can learn and practice.
I found more webs when I can learn and practice.	I found more websites where I can learn and practice.
Nowadays we have much information than we can´t decide and control them.	Nowadays we have much information and so many resources that we can´t decide which ones to choose and don't know how to control them.
Nowadays we have much information than we can´t decide and control them.	Nowadays we have too much information than we can´t decide what to do with them.
We are lucky we have this but young people must know to use it.	We are lucky to have them, but young people need to learn how to use them.
We are lucky we have this but young people must know to use it.	We are blessed to have them but young people must know to use them. - I totally agree with this : )
Do you use Twitter?	Do you use Twitter? - No, but I use facebook.
If it is yes, for what do you use it?	If you do, what do you use it for?
Do you use another different than this?	Do you use any other social networking sites other than this one?
Do you use another different than this?	Do you use any other websites aside from this?
Speed Limit	Speed Limit
The government decided lower speed limit.	The government decided to lower speed the limit.
The government decided lower speed limit.	The government has decided to lower the speed limit.
They think we will spend less petrol with this measurement.	They think we will use less petrol with this regulation.
In Spain we can drive in the highway to 120 Km/h but now we can to 110.	In Spain, we were able to drive on the highway up to 120 km/h. Now we can only go up to 110 km/h.
I don´t know if this situation is for a long time.	I don´t know if this situation will last (for a long time).or: I don't know how long this situation will last.
They want to do it 4 months and after that they´ll see.	They want to do it for 4 months. After that they´ll see.
I´m not sure if this is a good decision but I see things are changing very quick.	I´m not sure if this is a good decision but I see things are changing very quickly.
A lot of people are without jobs and the situation is more complicate everyday.	A lot of people are without jobs and the situation is more complicated everyday.
A lot of people are without jobs and the situation is more complicate everyday.	A lot of people are without jobs and the situation becomes more complicated every day.
How much time will continue the crisis?	How much time will this crisis continue?
How much time will continue the crisis?	How much longer will this crisis continue?
Mobile phone	Mobile phone
I just receive a message in my mobile but...	I just receive a message in my mobile but...
I was surprised because it was for my daughter.	I was surprised because it was for my daughter.
She is only 9 years old and she has friends with a mobile.	She is only 9 years old and she has friends who have mobile phones.
I respect the other mothers but I think my daughter is young for that yet.	I respect the other mothers but I think my daughter is too young for that .
My older daughter has one but only for special situation.	My older daughter has one but only for special situations.
We bought her when she had to go to a travel with the school.	We bought her one when she had to go to a travel with the school.
I needed it because I wanted she was able to call us if she had a problem.	I needed it because I wanted that she could call us if she had a problem.
Do you think is good for so young people to have mobile?	Do you think it is good for such young people to have mobile phones?
Here again	Here again
I just come back for a work trip.	I just came back from a work trip.
I was all week away and I was anxious to be here again.	I was away all week and I was anxious to be here again.
My family is happy that I´m here again and I want to relax the weekend.	My family is happy that I´m here again and I want to relax this weekend.
I began to read english and even I don´t understand some words I think is good for me because I understand the most...	I began to read English and even though I don´t understand some words I think it is good for me because I will understand more
the idea.	of the idea.
I have a new boss and this make me little crazy.	I have a new boss and this makes me a little crazy.
Things always change when the boss is new.	Things always change when the boss is new.
Maybe he will want to change something and I prefer routine in my job now.	Maybe he will want to change something but I prefer routine in my job now.
You´ve grown.	You´ve grown.
Christmas will be soon, and all people are thinking in the gifts now.	Christmas will be here soon, and everyone are thinking about the gifts now.
Christmas will be soon, and all people are thinking in the gifts now.	Christmas will be soon, and everyone is thinking about gifts now.
I like gifts and I like to give gifts, but I hate to think what I have to buy.	I like gifts and I like to give gifts, but I hate to think of what I have to buy.
Every year I make a list of things that I think they can be more useful.	Every year I make a list of things that I think can be useful. 
I don´t like to buy gifts without sense.	I don´t like to buy meaningless gifts .
And I hate other thing in those days.	And I hate another thing during Christmas time.
I don´t like to buy food because all places are full of people.	I don´t like to buy food because it's crowded everywhere.
But I love Christmas :).	But I love Christmas :).
It´s time to be with the family ,and the houses, the buildings , the streets are so beautiful...	It´s a time to be with family, and the houses, the buildings, and the streets are so beautiful...
It´s the time of dreaming for the kids.	It´s the time of fantasy for kids.
I´d like to be a kid to have so clean mind and a big imagination.	I´d like to be a kid and have such an innocent mind and a big imagination.
It´s wonderful to have dreams, and more in the way the children have them.	It´s wonderful to have dreams, and even more in the way the children have them.
I remember with a great upset, when my father told me that I was older for this	I remember with a great upset, when my father told me that I'm too old for that.
I remember with a great upset, when my father told me that I was older for this	I remember I was so upset, when my father told me that I was too old for this.
Mexico	Mexico
I just arrived from my holidays.	I just returned from my holidays.
We were in "La Riviera Maya".	We were in "La Riviera Maya".
The children enjoyed a lot.	The children enjoyed it a lot.
The weather is very hot there.	The weather is very hot there.
They have 90% humidity.	They have 90% humidity.
Where we live we have hot weather too, but the humidity makes it difficult to withstand the heat.	Where we live we have hot weather too, but the humidity makes it difficult to withstand the heat.
I love mexican food.	I love Mexican food.
I love spicy food.	I love spicy food.
Not too much but a little spicy.	Not too much but a little spicy.
We went to an underground river, to the beach...	We went to an underground river, to the beach...
and of course to watch ruins.	and of course to see ruins.
I have some days more before I have to work.	I have a few more days before I have to work.
I can relax here at home with my family.	I can relax here at home with my family.
A friend	A friend
Today I was speaking with a friend.	Today I was speaking with a friend.
It was a long time we hadn´t spoken and I loved it.	It was a long time since we last spoke and I loved it.
We spoke  in english ...	We spoke in English ...
for that we need more concentration and sometimes I´d like to say more than I can.	for that we need more concentration and sometimes I´d like to say more than I can.
It´s difficult to express your feeling in a language that it´s not your native language.	It´s difficult to express your feeling in a language that it´s not your native language.
we wanted to say a lot of things and I realized that our english is better than when we knew a long time ago.	we wanted to say a lot of things and I realized that our English is better than when we knew each other a long time ago.
our age is similar and we spoke about our family and our life.	our age is similar and we spoke about our family and our life.
It´s like we know since more time than really we do.	It´s like we were older and wiser than we really are.
She is very nice and she is always happy.	She is very nice and she is always happy.
I hope we can speak frequently.	I hope we can speak frequently.
LIfe on the refrigerator door	Life on the Refrigerator Door
I recommend this book.	I recommend this book.
It ´s about a mother and her daughter.	It's about a mother and her daughter.
They speak about the things we can´t control and how our life can change in a minute.	They speak about the things we can´t control and how life can change in a minute.
Her relationship changed day by day.	Their relationship changed day by day. Or, do you mean, "on a daily basis." "Day by day" suggests that every day it changed a little bit more, progressing in a certain direction. "On a daily basis" suggests that every day their relationship was different.
It´s good when we read a book if it makes us to think.	It´s good when we read a book if it makes us think.
It´s good when we read a book if it makes us to think.	It´s good to read books that make us think.
Sometimes we can learn something with experiences of other.	Sometimes we can learn something from the experiences of others.
It has a different way to read because they are the notes between the mother and her daughter they leave on the fridge door.	The book has a unique way to read it because it is comprised of the notes between the mother and her daughter that they leave on the fridge door.
It has a different way to read because they are the notes between the mother and her daughter they leave on the fridge door.	The book has a different structure - it is composed of notes between the mother and her daughter that they leave on the fridge door.
My daughters	My daughters
I´m trying to help my daughters everything I can, but they thinks I´m trying to bother them all the time.	I´m trying to help my daughters everything they need, but they think I´m trying to bother them all the time.
I´m trying to help my daughters everything I can, but they thinks I´m trying to bother them all the time.	I´m trying to help my daughters as much as I can, but they thinks I´m trying to bother them all the time.
I´m trying to help my daughters everything I can, but they thinks I´m trying to bother them all the time.	I try to help my daughters as much as I can, but they always think I´m trying to bother them. Other options, "I try to help my daughters in every way that I can..." or "I try to help my daughters in every way possible..."
I´m trying to help my daughters everything I can, but they thinks I´m trying to bother them all the time.	I´m trying to help my daughters with everything I can, but they think I´m trying to bother them all the time.
Always was the same.	Its always the same and we can't change this.
Always was the same.	It always seemed the same,
Always was the same.	It has always been like this, and we can't do anything to change it.
And we can´t change this.	but we can´t change this.
We have to speak a lot with them and maybe with our experience we can help them but....	We have to have conversations with our children and share our experiences and maybe in the end we can help them out, but... 
We have to speak a lot with them and maybe with our experience we can help them but....	As we think we might be able to help them with our experience, we want to talk to them, but
We have to speak a lot with them and maybe with our experience we can help them but....	We have to speak frequently with them, hoping that maybe we can help them by sharing our own experiences, but... 
how can we if they don´t listen to us?	how can we help if they don´t listen to us?
how can we if they don´t listen to us?	how can we talk to them if they don't want to listen to us?
:)	:)
Life is not difficult sometimes we do life more difficult and when we are young we can control our feelings.	Life is not difficult, but sometimes we make life more difficult. When we are young we can control our feelings.
Life is not difficult sometimes we do life more difficult and when we are young we can control our feelings.	Life is not difficult sometimes we do life more difficult and when we are young we can control our feelings.
Life is not difficult sometimes we do life more difficult and when we are young we can control our feelings.	Life is not difficult, but sometimes we make life more difficult than necessary. When we are young we can control our feelings.
Cybercafe	Cybercafe
I´m not sure if this is true , but I read a man died in China after spending three days playing in a cafe ,close to Pekin.	I´m not sure if this is true , but I read that a man died in China after spending three days playing in a cafe, close to Pekin.
He was without sleeping, and almost without food, during 3 days.	He was without sleep, and almost without food, for 3 days.
He fell in coma ,and nobody can do anything to help him.	He fell into a coma, and nobody can do anything to help him.
This is the phenomenon of dependence on computer games that a lot of young people have.	This is the phenomenon of dependence on computer games that a lot of young people have.
When I read these news ,I wonder if we know how to handle well the new technologies.	When I read these news, I wonder if we know how to handle the new technologies correctly.
They are great only if we know how to use them.	They are great only if we know how to use them.
Time goes on	Time flies
I realize time goes when I speak with young people.	I realize that time flies when I talk to young people.
Then I can see that their faces are surprised, they don´t know what I´m speaking about.	Every time I do this, I can see the surprise in their faces because they don´t know what I´m talking about.
I´m not so old but...	I´m not that old but...
I´m not 20 years old.	I´m not 20 years old, either.
-The first book of Harry Potter was 14 years ago.	-The first Harry Potter book came out 14 years ago.
YES.	YES.
-Lady Di died 14 years ago.	-Lady Di died 14 years ago.
-Jurassic Park is older than Justin Bieber.	-Jurassic Park is older than Justin Bieber.
-Facebook has more than 7 years.	-Facebook has been around for more than 7 years.
It seems like yesterday, but this was a long time ago.	It seems like yesterday, but this was a long time ago. Does "it" refer to Facebook or everything listed above?
The printer	The printer
I had problems with my printer.	I had problems with my printer.
My daughter asked me if I could print her homework for school but it didn´t work.	My daughter asked me if I could print her homework for school but it didn´t work.
My mother in law came so I went to spend time with her and her mother.	My mother in law came so I went to spend time with her and her mother.
It´s wonderful my husband has still her mother and grandmother.	It´s wonderful that my husband still has his mother and grandmother.
It´s wonderful my husband has still her mother and grandmother.	It´s wonderful my husband has still has his mother and grandmother.
I found her grandmother older than the last time but well...	I found grandmother older than the last time but well...
I found her grandmother older than the last time but well...	I found his grandmother older than the last time, but well...
I found her grandmother older than the last time but well...	I found his grandmother older than the last time but well...
she has 92 years old.	she is 92 years old.
she has 92 years old.	she is 92 years old.
I don´t think I will arrive so good in her age.	I don't think I will look so good at her age.
I don´t think I will arrive so good in her age.	I don´t think I will be so good at her age.
We take care of us more each day but not for that we live more time and in better conditions.	We take care of ourselves more each day so that we live longer and in better conditions.
We take care of us more each day but not for that we live more time and in better conditions.	We take care of ourselves more each day, so that we live longer and in better health.
And we work more everyday but we never have enough money.	We work more everyday but we never have enough money.
We need more everyday.	We need more everyday.
And children want more ,I´m trying to control this.	And children want more, I´m trying to control this.
Now my printer works, but ,I had to change the ink cartridge.	Now my printer works, but I had to change the ink cartridge.
Don´t ask me why.	Don´t ask me why.
I don´t know why it didn´t work but I´m happy ,I had another ink cartridge and now I could print the homework.	I don´t know why it didn´t work but I´m happy, I had another ink cartridge and now I could print the homework.
Children versus adults	Children versus adults
How can we make adults do something they must do it?	How can we make adults do something they must do ?
We can´t punish them, they are not children.	We can´t punish them, they are not children.
I always thought children are difficult and I haven´t patience.	I always thought children were difficult and I haven´t the patience.
But now I think I was wrong.	But now I think I was wrong.
It´s easier to work with children.	It´s easier to work with children.
They understand if you have the control and you give them some reason to do something.	They understand if you have the control and you give them some reason to do something.
With adults is very complicated.	With adults it is very complicated.
If you have to work with people and they have to do something they don´t want.	If you have to work with people and they have to do something they don´t want.
what can we do????	what can we do????
did you think about this?	do you think about this?
GPS	GPS
I´m impressed how quick the technology develops.	I´m impressed with how quickly technology develops.
We can see for satellite where someone live, with all type of details.	With satellites, we can see where someone lives, with all types of details.
In my car I have a GPS and now I haven´t to ask anymore where is a place or worry if I don´t know how to arrive.	I have a GPS unit in my car and now I don't have to ask anyone where a place is or worry if I don´t know how to get there.
We can connect our laptop and we can see and speak at the same time.	We can connect our laptop together and see and speak to them at the same time. We can see and speak to people at the same time through our laptops.
Everyday in newspaper and news we find new things and other will arrive soon.	Everyday in newspaper and on the news we find new things and other things that will arrive soon.
We can buy or get anything that we want even without leaving home.	We can buy or get anything that we want without even leaving home.
Tell me things you have seen or read about last technology and you liked.	Tell me about the latest technology you have seen or read about and liked.
Indian food	Indian food
I love indian food .	I love Indian food .
Really, I like a lot spicy food and indian food it´s my prefer food different of my country.	To be honest, I really like spicy food, and Indian food is my favorite international cuisine.
I usually go with my family to an indian restaurant that is close our house.	I usually go with my family to an Indian restaurant that is close to our house.
We ask for indian food, and they always ask us if we like spicy, and we say YES, but I think they don´t give us very spicy because they think spanish people don´t get use with this type of food.	We order Indian food, and they always ask us if we want it spicy, and we say YES, but I think they don´t give us very spicy because they think that Spanish people don´t like that type of food.
They have a bread called NAN , I love this one.	They have a bread called NAN that I love.
They serve it hot.	They serve it hot.
I¨m trying how to cook it.:) 	I¨m trying to learn how to cook it.:) 
I asked one indian friend I have.	I asked one Indian friend I have.
But maybe the oven is important for this I¨m not sure.	But maybe the oven is the important thing for this; I¨m not sure.
Hard day	Hard Day
I was working at home all day.	I was working at home all day.
I was so concentrated that I didn´t realize the time.	I was so concentrated that I didn´t realize the time.
I hadn´t time to study English.	I hadn´t time to study English.
For me to study English is relaxing.	For me studying English is relaxing.
It´s the way I change the subject.	It´s the way I change the subject.
I do other thing different and I can write about my feeling and read about other friends and people I don´t know.	I do other things differently, and I can write about my feeling and read about other friends and people I don´t know.
I hope to write here almost everyday will be useful for me.	I hope to write here almost everyday will be useful for me. "Writing everyday will be useful for me."
Tomorrow will not be so hard day.	Tomorrow will not be so hard day.
Languages	Languages
I always have a dream: to speak fluently in English.	I've always dreamed of speaking English fluently.
This is something that follow me but I never have the time to do.	This is something that follows me but I never have the time to do it.
I try to study but is not enough for doing well.	I try to study but it is not enough to do well.
I try to find friends to chat on skype or msn, but is not easy to find people because you need time for this too.	I try to find friends to chat on skype or msn, but is not easy to find people because you need time for this too.
I have to tell you a secret :) , I love to speak and I speak a lot.	I have to tell you a secret :) , I love to speak and I speak a lot.
I´m an open person.	I´m an open person.
I haven´t problems to find friends.	I have no problems finding friends.
The big problem is the time.	The big problem is time.
Every day we have less time and we need to do more things.	Every day we have less time and we need to do more things.
Even people need courses to know how control the time.	People even need courses to know how control the time.
Crazy.	Crazy.
I´d like to be like my grandmother.	I´d like to be like my grandmother.
She had time for all.	She had time for everything.
For doing the chores, for the familly, for her, for her friends,for enjoying, for her hobbies..	She had time for doing the chores, for the family, for her, for her friends, for enjoying things, and for her hobbies..
I'm not sure if this modern time is so modern.	I'm not sure if this modern time is so modern.
We have almost all but can we enjoy it?	We have almost everything but can we enjoy it?
Recipe	Recipe
Today I spoke with a friend.	Today I spoke with a friend.
Today I spoke with a friend.	Today I was talking to a friend of mine.
It was a fun time.	It was a fun time.
It was a fun time.	I had a good time talking to him.
I explained to him how to do "gazpacho" I think I told him time ago but when he told me how they did it sound me a little different.	I explained to him how to make "gazpacho". I think I told him some time ago, but when he told me how they did it, it sounded a little different to me.
it´s incredible that the same recipe can be different when it made with different people.:))	it´s incredible that the same recipe can be different when it is made by different people.:))
You can make a recipe someone told you but it look like very different.	You can make a recipe someone told you about, but it looks very different.
You can make a recipe someone told you but it look like very different.	You can make a recipe that someone shares with you but have it turn out looking very different.
LOL	LOL
I had to explain again and of course nobody make in the same way.	I had to explain the recipe again, and of course nobody makes it the same way.
Next time I´ll ask him if they got to do it .	Next time I´ll ask him if they got to do it .
My chinese friend	My Chinese friend
I was speaking today with a friend I knew 3 years ago.	I was speaking today with a friend I met 3 years ago. Or, "a friend I've known for three years"
It´s a great time.	We had a great time talking.
The life changed for him.	His life has changed a lot.
Now he is married and with a son with 3 years old.	Now he is married and has a son who is 3 years old.
We were remembering the time we knew us.	We were remembering the time we met.
And how life change when you are married and more when we have children.	And how life changes when you are married and even more when you have children.
My children now are not "children" they grow quick.	My children are no longer "children"-- they grow up so quickly.
Stages are changing and we have to adapt to them.	Stages are changing and we have to adapt to them.
Speak with my friend	Speaking with my friend
Speak with my friend	Speaking with my friend
Yesterday I could speak with my friend with voice in english.	Yesterday I spoke with my friend in English.
Yesterday I could speak with my friend with voice in english.	Yesterday I spoke with my friend in English.
I´m very happy when we speak.	I´m very happy when we talk to one another.
I´m very happy when we speak.	I´m very happy that we got a chance to talk to each other.
We are more or less the same age and we want to improve our english.	We are more or less the same age and we want to improve our English.
We are more or less the same age and we want to improve our english.	We are more or less the same age and we want to improve our English.
She is a very happy and friendly person.	She is a very happy and friendly person.
I love to speak with her.	I love to talk to her.
I was surprised because we could comunicate in english and we could almost understand all we spoke.	I was surprised because we could communicate in English and we understood most of the conversation.
I was surprised because we could comunicate in english and we could almost understand all we spoke.	I was surprised because we could communicate in English and we could almost understand each otherfully.
I remember the first time we met.	I remember the first time we met.
It was very difficult to communicate ,but even so, we continued with our friendship.	It was very difficult to communicate, but even so, we continued with our friendship.
I´d like to have more time to practice my english, but now I´m trying to do all I can.	I´d like to have more time to practice my English, but now I´m trying to do all I can.
I´d like to have more time to practice my english, but now I´m trying to do all I can.	I´d like to have more time to practice my English, but I´m already trying to do all I can.
The same mistakes	The same mistakes
I realized that I make always the same mistakes.	I realized that I always make the same mistakes.
I realized that I make always the same mistakes.	I realized that I always make the same mistakes.
I´m happy when people here correct my mistakes, but I can´t understand why I have so bad memory.	I´m happy when people here correct my mistakes, but I can´t understand why I have such a bad memory.
When I read again ,I see that sometimes I know what I wrote wrong but I did it.	When I reread my entries, I notice that, despite knowing something was incorrect, I wrote it anyway.
I have to thank all people who help me and correct my diary, and I have to apologize if I always make mistakes you corrected me maybe the last time I wrote my diary here.	I have to thank all people who help me and correct my diary, and I have to apologize if I always make mistakes you already corrected in earlier posts.
I have to thank all people who help me and correct my diary, and I have to apologize if I always make mistakes you corrected me maybe the last time I wrote my diary here.	I have to thank all the people who help me and correct my diary, and I have to apologize if I always make mistakes you corrected me maybe the last time I wrote my diary here.
I have to thank all people who help me and correct my diary, and I have to apologize if I always make mistakes you corrected me maybe the last time I wrote my diary here.	I have to thank everyone who helps me and corrects my diary, and I also have to apologize if I repeatedly make the same mistakes.
I´ll try to be better.	I´ll try to be better.
Smurfs	Smurfs
I went yesterday with my little daughter at the cinema.	I went yesterday with my little daughter at the cinema.
We watched the movie Smurfs.	We watched the movie Smurfs.
She was excited to watch that movie.	She was excited to watch that movie.
When we left the cinema she told me: did you like it?	When we left the cinema she asked me: Did you like it?
oh yes I said.	Oh yes! I said.
See?	You see...
she said to me.	She told me.
I told you you would like it	I told you... you would like it!
I feel bad if I said a lie.	I felt bad telling a lie.
But she was so happy.	But she was so happy.
Little things are very big for children.	Small things can mean so much to children.
St Claus 	St Claus 
Yesterday we had dinner with family.	Yesterday we had dinner with the family.
When we finished to eat we decided some of us had to dress up last time as St Claus.	When we finished to eat we decided some of us had to dress up as St Claus for the last time.
My daughter were very carefully that her father was close to her.	My daughter made sure to keep her father close to her.
Then we decided her uncle this time.	Then we decided it was her uncle's turn this time.
We turned off the lights and we saw outside how St Claus brought all the gifts, but at the end he took off the beard and said :HELLO it´s me!	We turned off the lights and we saw outside how St Claus brought all the gifts, but at the end he took off the beard and said :HELLO it´s me!
The children went to him laughing and kissed him.	The children went to him laughing and kissed him.
My daughter in Germany	My daughter in Germany
I could speak with my daughter for the first time since she went to Germany.	I got to speak with my daughter for the first time since she left for Germany.
She will be there during 3 weeks.	She will be there for three weeks.
She doesn´t know a lot of German, for that, I was a little worried.	She doesn´t know a lot of German. I was a little worried about that
She doesn´t know a lot of German, for that, I was a little worried.	She doesn't know a lot of German, so I was a little worried.
She doesn´t know a lot of German, for that, I was a little worried.	She doesn´t know a lot of German, so I was a little worried for her.
When I spoke with her, I could see that she is ok and motivated to learn new things.	When I spoke with her, I could see that she was ok and motivated to learn new things.
When I spoke with her, I could see that she is ok and motivated to learn new things.	When I spoke with her, I could tell that she was okay and motivated to learn new things.
It´s not the first time she travel alone ,but she is only 13, and this time she is in a family she doesn´t know and she is so young to be there alone.	It´s not the first time she travelled alone ,but she is only 13, and this time she is with a family she doesn´t know and she is so young to be there alone.
It´s not the first time she travel alone ,but she is only 13, and this time she is in a family she doesn´t know and she is so young to be there alone.	It´s not the first time she has traveled alone, but she is only 13, and this time she is with a family she doesn't know. She is so young to be there alone.
I hope she is ok and she can take advantage of this opportunity I give her.	I hope she is ok and she can take advantage of this opportunity I gave her.
I hope she is ok and she can take advantage of this opportunity I give her.	I hope she is okay and that she can take advantage of this opportunity I gave her.
I´m proud of her.	I´m proud of her.
Habit 	Habits
Do you think habits are good or bad?	Do you think habits are good or bad?
I´m trying to inculcate my children to have habits.	I´m trying to encourage my children to have habits.
I´m trying to inculcate my children to have habits.	I´m trying to raise my children to have habits.
For me habits are very important.	For me habits are very important.
They can make us life easier.	They can make our lives easier.
They can make us life easier.	They can make our lives easier.
Yes, easier.	Yes, easier.
It´s difficult to get habits , but when you get them you do it without effort.	It´s difficult to get habits , but when you get them you do things without effort.
It´s a goal with my daughters and a very hard work.	It´s a goal I have for my daughters and very hard work.
It´s a goal with my daughters and a very hard work.	It´s a goal with my daughters and very hard work.
Children don´t like we require them things they don´t like but if we are stubborn they will do it without realizing.	Children don´t like when we require things of them that they don´t like but if we are stubborn they will do them without realizing it.
Children don´t like we require them things they don´t like but if we are stubborn they will do it without realizing.	Children don´t like that we require them to do things they don´t like but if we are stubborn they will eventually do it without realizing.
It´s the best for them.	It´s the best for them.
But when we have a bad habit ....	But when we have a bad habit ....
it´s very difficult to get rid of it.	it´s very difficult to get rid of it.
We need around three months working against it everyday.	We need around three months working against it everyday.
I have a good habit.	I have a good habit.
I like things in their place.	I like things in their place.
But this is too a bad habit for people around me.	But this too is a bad habit for people around me.
But this is too a bad habit for people around me.	But this is a bad habit for people around me.
I want they do the same then ...	I want them to do the same but ...
I want they do the same then ...	I want them to do the same, but then ...
it´s not a good habit for them.:)	it´s not a good habit for them.:)
We need to have dreams.	We need to have dreams.
I´m not sure if we do well.	I´m not sure if we do this well.
All life we lie the children about St Claus, but today I was very sad for that.	All life we lie to the children about Santa Claus, and today I was very sad about that.
All life we lie the children about St Claus, but today I was very sad for that.	All our life we lie to the children about Santa Claus, and today I was very sad about that.
When my smallest daughter asked me again today, I couldn´t lie her.	When my smallest daughter asked me again today, I couldn´t lie to her.
I don´t want she looks like silly in front of her friends.	I don´t want her to look silly in front of her friends.
But when I told her...	But when I told her...
I was sorry.	I was sorry. Not bad, but better as 'after I told her I felt sorry', or 'as soon as I told her I was sorry'
She was crying and asking herself why???	She was crying and asking herself - why???
Why is not real St Claus, why is not real this or that??	Why is not real St Claus, why is not real this or that?? Why is Santa Claus not real? Why is this not real, or that?
is it anything real??	Is it anything real??
I felt so bad for her.	I felt so bad for her.
We need to have dreams.	We need to have dreams.
The boat that has more sailing into history	The boat most sailed in history
Juan Sebastián de Elcano is the boat that takes more distance covered sailing.	Juan Sebastián de Elcano is the boat that takes more distance covered sailing.
Soon it will celebrate 100 years of life.	Soon it will celebrate 100 years of life.
It has already taken 10 trips around the world	It has already taken 10 trips around the world
One of the oldest and largest ships that sail the world, like in a movie.	One of the oldest and largest ships that sail the world, like in a movie.
But it is still real.	But it is still real.
It´s an Spanish ship ,and one of the most beautiful in the world.	It´s an Spanish ship ,and one of the most beautiful in the world.
Test  your vocab	Test Your Vocab
I found this test very interesting .	I found this test very interesting .
You have to fill three pages.	You have to fill in three pages.
Two of them are the questions about words.	Two of them are the questions about words.
The first one is easy and no problem.	The first one is easy and no problem but the second one is more complicated.
You can be native or not native in the English language.	You can be native or not native in the English language.
I think is like a game.	I think it's like a game.
I wanted to share with you.	I wanted to share it with you.
I hope you enjoy it.	I hope you enjoy it.
And share with me your score.:)	And share with me your score.:)
I did twice.	I did it twice.
The first one 5230 and second 6620,when I paid more attention.	My score the first time was 5230 and the second time it was 6620, when I paid more attention.
Not too well.	Not too good.
You can compare with native and non-native English people	You can compare with native and non-native English people
Relationship problems	Relationship problems
I told you I had two Cockatiel birds.	I told you in my last entry that I have two Cockatiels.
But they are not good together.	They are not good together, however.
I think I made a mistake.	I think I made a mistake.
I put together the first day I bought.	I put them together on the day I bought them.
The male is 10 months old and the female only 4 or 5.	The male is 10 months old and the female only 4 or 5.
The 2 first days everything seemed fine but in 3 days we get the female without some of her feathers.	The first two days everything seemed fine but in 3 days we the female was missing some of her feathers.
The 2 first days everything seemed fine but in 3 days we get the female without some of her feathers.	The first two days everything seemed fine, but on the third day we saw that the female was missing some of her feathers.
The male was removing the feathers because I think he doesn´t like the female.	The male was removing the female's feathers, I think because he doesn´t like her.
The male was removing the feathers because I think he doesn´t like the female.	I think the male was pulling out the female's feathers because he doesn´t like her.
GRRR She is so good.	GRRR She is so good.
At the same age I remember he was very bad.:)	I remember he was very bad at the same age.:)
At the same age I remember he was very bad.:)	I remember that he was very bad at her age.:)
I asked the man of the shop and now I have to separate 15 days in two different cages, but close.	I asked the man from the shop and now I have to keep them in close, seperate cages for 15 days.
I asked the man of the shop and now I have to separate 15 days in two different cages, but close.	I asked the man from the shop about it, and now I have to keep them in close but separate cages for fifteen days.
After this I have to try again to put together.	After this I have to try to put them together again.
If this does not work then I can't put together never more.	If this does not work then I can't ever put them together again.
Christmas Lunch	Christmas Lunch
I don´t know  if you do the same in your country.	I don´t know  if you do the same in your country.
Here ,all companies make a Christmas Lunch before the days we have with our families.	Here all companies hold a Christmas lunch before the holidays we get to spend with our families.
You can spend one meal with all your co-workers and laugh and eat together.	You can spend one meal with all your co-workers and laugh and eat together.
It´s a tradition.	It´s a tradition.
I have mine next 21.	I have mine on the 21st.
We have to reserve with time because all restaurant are full those days.	We have to reserve ahead of time because all the restaurants are full these days.
And I think this year is late ,we must do it with more time.	And I think this year is late ,we must do it with more time.
Have you the same tradition?	Do you have the same tradition?
Holydays	Holidays
I´m on holidays and I can enjoy doing things I like.	I´m on holidays and I can enjoy doing things that I like.
I can speak more with my friends and I spend more time with my family.	I can spend more time with my family and talk more with my friends.
This year is hard in my job and I have to travel more than ever.	This year is hard because I have to travel more for my job.
My children are happy too.	My children are happy too.
We´ll go 10 days away and I hope we enjoy and relax if it is possible.	We will be away for 10 days and I hope we enjoy and relax as much as possible.
When we came back of our holidays I have more days , then I´ll be able to relax here at home.	When we will be back from the vacation I will have more time to relax at home.
What will do you do on your holidays??	What will you do on your holidays??
The difference.	The Difference
We are all different.	We are all different.
But when we speak with people from other countries ...	But when we speak with people from other countries ...
then we realize we are more different.	then we realize we are more different than we thought.
We can say or do something in our contry , but if you do or say in other country someone would not understand.	We can say or do something in our country, but if you do or say in another country someone would not understand.
This can be amusing but other can be very bad.	This can be amusing or can be very bad.
Only when we know people well we can judge.	Only when we know people well we can judge.
It´s good to travel and to know people from other contries, ages,....	It´s good to travel and to know people from other countries, ages,....
then we open our minds.	then we open our minds.
They are not toys	They are not toys
I told you that my husband found a chameleon, and he brought him home.	I told you that my husband found a chameleon, and he brought him home.
He is with us since then, but now we have a problem.	He has been with us since then, but now we have a problem.
He need alive grasshopper and with the cold weather is not so easy to find.	He needs live grasshoppers and with the cold weather they are not so easy to find.
I don´t think this poor chamelon was lost in the field.	I don´t think this poor chamelon was lost in the field.
I think someone let him to go because is not easy to take care exotic animals, they need specials care.	I think someone let him to go because is not easy to take care of exotic animals, they need special care. "Take care of" is almost a set phrase. You can use it to say "I'm taking care of someone else" or "Take care of yourself!"
We go to take grasshopper with the children and put in a box with plants, so..	We go to find a grasshopper with the children and put it in a box with plants, so..
we haven´t to go away everyday to feed the chameleon.	we don't have to go away everyday to feed the chameleon. "Haven't" is a bit of an unnatural contraction for declarative statements. It was used a lot in old English, but it's more natural to say "don't have" now, unless you're asking a question. E.g. "Haven't you done your homework yet?" or "Haven't you had a chameleon before?"
With this we get two things.	We get two things out of this. I think this makes it easier to understand what you want to say, though there isn't anything incorrect about your original sentence, the syntax is a little confusing.
We walk with the children and we have the food for the chameleon.	We get to walk with the children and we have the food for the chameleon. This ties it in better with the previous statement.
I´d like people didn´t buy animals if they can´t be responsable.	I´d like it if people didn´t buy animals if they can´t be responsible.
They must be clean and they have to eat everyday.	They must be clean and they have to eat everyday.
The children like animals but they have to know that they are not toys.	The children like animals but they have to know that they are not toys.
Keyboard	Keyboard
Someone gave me a plastic´s keyboard.	Someone gave me a plastic keyboard.
I´m not sure if it is useful or not.	I´m not sure if it is useful or not.
Anyone have one?	Does anyone have one? What you had would be commonly used in casual conversation. This would be more complete for something you would write.
Children think is cool but I think is not so good.	Children think they are cool but I think they are not so good.
My birds have eggs!!	My Birds Have Eggs!!
Do you remember when I was worried about my birds?	Do you remember when I was worried about my birds?
Today I went to feed them like everyday and I found eggs in their nest.	Today I went to feed them, like I do everyday, and I found eggs in their nest.
Today I went to feed them like everyday and I found eggs in their nest.	Today I went to feed them, like I do every day, and I found eggs in their nest.
I said to my children they must be quiet them now.	I told my children that they must be quiet around them now.
I´m not sure if I have to do something.	I´m not sure what I have to do.
If she need special food.	Does she need special food?
I´m happy for my children they wanted to see that.	I´m happy because my children they wanted to see this happen.
I´m happy for my children they wanted to see that.	I´m happy because my children wanted to see this happen.
I´m happy for my children they wanted to see that.	I´m happy for my children because they wanted this to happen.
I don´t know if the eggs will be able to arrive at the end, but I´m happy to see those little eggs inside their nest.	I don´t know if the eggs will be able to hatch in the end, but I´m happy to see those little eggs inside their nest.
I don´t know if the eggs will be able to arrive at the end, but I´m happy to see those little eggs inside their nest.	I don´t know if the eggs will hatch , but I´m happy to see those little eggs inside their nest.
''Every cloud has a silver lining''	''Every cloud has a silver lining''
I was one week I couldn´t be here.	It's been a week since I could be here OR I haven't been able to be here for a week
I was one week I couldn´t be here.	It has been one week since I could be here.
I was busy with my job.	I was busy with my job.
I began to read a new book and I was thinking how much time it will take to me to read it.	I began to read a new book and I was thinking how much time it will take me to read it.
I was doing accounts.:)if I could read only a few pages every day...	I was doing the math. :)if I could read only a few pages every day...
a long time.:)And I was joking about this.	a long time.:)And I was joking about this.
I was away on business and the last day, when I came home,a strike in the airport  made me spent all the afternoon there.	I was away on business and the last day, when I came home,a strike in the airport made me spend all afternoon there.
I was away on business and the last day, when I came home,a strike in the airport  made me spent all the afternoon there.	I was away on business and the last day, when I came home ,a strike in the airport made me spend all afternoon there.
I was happy for only one thing...	I was happy for only one thing...
I brought my book in my handbag then I could read .	I brought my book in my handbag so I could read .
I brought my book in my handbag then I could read .	I brought my book in my handbag and I could read it.
Now I have read half the book,I like so much than I couldn´t stop to read.	Now I have read half the book,I like so much that I couldn´t stop reading .
Now I have read half the book,I like so much than I couldn´t stop to read.	Now I have read half the book, I like it so much than I can't stop reading it.
We have a saying: ''Every cloud has a silver lining.''I´m not sure if it is like this in English.	We have a saying: ''Every cloud has a silver lining.''I´m not sure if it is like this in English.
I remember someone told me.	I remember someone told me.
It´s cold	It´s cold
I just arrived frome my trip.	I just arrived home from my trip.
We were in Munich , Salzburg and in a city Garmisch-Partenkkirchen.	We were in Munich, Salzburg and in a city called Garmisch-Partenkkirchen.
This city impressed me a lot.	This city impressed me a lot.
It´s very beautiful.	It´s very beautiful. Slightly better to use the past tense again - 'It was very beautiful' - but what you've said is fine too.
All the downtown is wonderful and the houses are great.	All of downtown was wonderful and the houses are were great.
I think is the most beautiful city I saw.	I think is the most beautiful city I have ever seen.
We were lucky with the weather.	We were lucky with the weather.
Previous day some flights didn´t go out.	The previous day some flights were cancelled.
The weather began be better the day we traveled.	The weather was better the day we travelled.
But we had snow and cold anyway.	But we had snow and cold anyway. Good - but a little better would be ' But it was still cold, and there was some snow too'
I have to tell you that I prefer hot weather.	I have to tell you that I prefer hot weather.
I can´t enjoy when it´s so cold.	I don´t enjoy it when it´s so cold.
How many holidays you have in your country?	How many holidays do you have in your country?
I´m curious.	I´m curious.
I want to know how many holidays you have in your country.	I want to know how many holidays you have in your country.
I´m spanish I have 22 .	I´m Spanish and in Spain we have 22 .
I usually take almost all in summer.	I usually take almost all of them in the summer.
But this year I left 2 for Christmas.	But this year I left 2 for Christmas.
what about in your country?	What about in your country?
Half full or half empty	Half full or half empty
I envy people who don´t care a lot for things.	I envy people who don´t care a lot about material things.
I think they are happier.	I think they are happier.
The same thing can be make us in a very different mood.	The same things can make us be in very different moods.
The same thing can be make us in a very different mood.	The same things can put us in very different moods.
There is a saying :	There is a saying that goes :
"You can see the glass half full or half empty."	"You can see the glass half full or half empty."
We decide how we want our life.	We decide how we want our life.
Small things are the most important but sometimes we don´t see it or we need a lot of years to see that.	Small things are the most important but sometimes we don´t realize it or we need a lot of years to see that.
Happy people make up happier , We like to surround with this people.	Happy people make us happier, we like to surround ourselves with these people.
Happy people make up happier , We like to surround with this people.	Happy people make us happier, and we like to surround ourselves with this kind of people. or, "be surrounded by..."
We must be one of them too.	We must be one of them too.
The weather	The weather
I never put attention in the weather.	I never pay attention to the weather. To "pay attention" is what is called an idiom. That means that it is a phrase that is different from what the words individually would mean.
It´s like it is.	It is what it is.
I don´t care a lot.	I don´t care very much.
The problem is when you have something special, and you wish all will be perfect.	The problem is when you have a special event outdoors, and you hope all will be perfect.
The problem is when you have something special, and you wish all will be perfect.	The problem is when you have something special planned for outside, and you hope that everything will be perfect.
The problem is when you have something special, and you wish all will be perfect.	The only problem is when you have something special to do outdoors, and you wish all will be perfect.
My little daughter will have an special day next Sunday.	My youngest daughter will have a special day next Sunday.
My little daughter will have an special day next Sunday.	My daughter will have a special event next Sunday.
I was looking how will be the weather.	I was looking to see what the weather will be like.
I was looking how will be the weather.	I was checking to see what the weather would be like.
And I found in all websites that the weather will be raining.	And I found on all websites that the weather will be rainy. OR "... that it will be raining"
And I found in all websites that the weather will be raining.	Every website that I checked said that it was going to rain. Or, "According to every website that I checked, it was going to rain."
Here is not very normal raining weather, almost never is raining here.	Here is not very normal raining weather, almost never is raining here. Suggestions: It is not normally rainy here. OR It does not rain much here OR We get very little rain here.
Here is not very normal raining weather, almost never is raining here.	We don't usually get rainy weather here.
Her best friend can´t be with her because she must be in a prior engagement.	Her best friend can´t be with her because she must be at a prior engagement.
Her best friend can´t be with her because she must be in a prior engagement.	Her best friend can´t be with her because she has a prior engagement.
And one of her cousin can´t be here either.	And one of her cousins can´t be there either.
SIGH	SIGH
But I have hope what I saw about the weather is a mistake.	But I have hope that what I saw about the weather is a mistake.
But I have hope what I saw about the weather is a mistake.	But I am hoping that what I saw about the weather is a mistake.
This time YES.	This time YES.
I¨m happy	I'm happy
I¨m happy	I'm happy
I'm happy I have a few days off.	I'm happy I have a few days off.
My daughters haven´t school and we'll be able to be more time together.	My daughters don't have school and we'll be able to spend more time together.
My daughters haven´t school and we'll be able to be more time together.	My daughters don't have school, and we'll be able to spend more time together. "Haven't" might be grammatically correct, but it sounds awkward to American English speakers. Sentences like: "Haven't you ever heard of Orange Range?" are ok, but "I haven't a car" sounds awkward to me.
My daughters haven´t school and we'll be able to be more time together.	My daughters don't have school today and will be able to spend more time together.
My daughters haven´t school and we'll be able to be more time together.	My daughters won't be in school and so, we'll be able to be spend more time together.
They want to go at the cinema but I have a problem...	They want to go to the cinema but I have a problem...
They want to go at the cinema but I have a problem...	They want to go to the cinema, but I have a problem...
They want to go at the cinema but I have a problem...	They want to go to the cinema but I have a problem...
They want to go at the cinema but I have a problem...	They want to go to the cinema but I have a problem...
They want to go at the cinema but I have a problem...	They want to go see a movie, but I have a problem... At least where I'm from, we don't say "the cinema" but "the movie theater" instead. However, if you're talking about a plan to go to it, we usually just say "go see a movie" and it's understood where you're going.
like always.	like always. or As usual,
The older wants to go with her friends and the smaller want to go with her but that not possible.	The older one wants to go with her friends and the smaller one wants to go with her but that not possible.
The older wants to go with her friends and the smaller want to go with her but that not possible.	The older wants to go with her friends, and the smaller want to go with her, but thats not possible.
The older wants to go with her friends and the smaller want to go with her but that not possible.	The older daughter wants to go with her friends and the younger want to go with her but thats not possible.
The older wants to go with her friends and the smaller want to go with her but that not possible.	My older daughter wants to go with her friends and my younger daughter want to go with her but that's not possible.
I'm not sure if some day they do not fight.	I'm not sure if some day they do not fight. ?? I dont know how to fix this 
I'm not sure if some day they do not fight.	I'm not sure if some day they do not fight. I am not sure if you mean: I am not sure if there is a single day that they do not fight. Or, I am not sure if they will fight some day.
I'm not sure if some day they do not fight.	I'm not sure which days they don't fight.
I'm not sure if some day they do not fight.	I'm not sure if there ever will be a day where they do not fight.
I'm not sure if some day they do not fight.	I'm not sure if there will ever be a day when they do not fight.
The irony of life	The irony of life
Friday morning I heard the sad news.	Friday morning, I heard the sad news.
I have a coworker  that he had his sick wife for eight years.	I have a coworker who had a wife who was sick for eight years.
They have two children and I remember the smaller was one year more or less when her mother began to be sick.	They have two children and I remember the smaller one was more or less one year old when her mother got sick.
The doctors found a cancer and they began a fight against this illness.	The doctors found out that she had cancer and they began the fight against her illness.
When I spoke with my coworker I tried not to speak about his situation because I knew it was difficult and the wife had to be operated several times.	When I spoke with my coworker I tried not to speak about his situation because I knew it was difficult, since the wife had to be operated several times.
Last summer they went on vacation and everything in their life seemed back to normal.	Last summer they went on vacation and everything in their life seemed back to normal.
Her illness seemed to be controlled.	Her illness seemed to be controlled.
It was the first summer they could be all family together and relaxed.	It was the first summer they could be a complete family and relax.
But on Thursday something dramatic happened.	But on Thursday, something dramatic happened.
His wife was hit by a car.	His wife was hit by a car.
The doctors couldn´t do anything for her.	The doctors couldn´t do anything for her.
And she died.	And she died.
When a friend told me the news I couldn´t believe him!!	When a friend told me the news I couldn´t believe it!!
She didn´t die for her cancer, She died for her destiny.	She didn´t die from her cancer; she died from her destiny.
I´d like to be a kid.	I´d like to be a kid.
I´d like to be a kid.	I´d like to be a kid.
I´m sure all of us thought about this.	I´m sure all of us thought about this.
When I saw a baby so happy, so innocent,without problems, envy or malice,I think is wonderful to see that.	When I saw a baby so happy, so innocent,without problems, envy or malice,I think it is wonderful to see that.
When I saw a baby so happy, so innocent,without problems, envy or malice,I think is wonderful to see that.	When I see a baby so happy, so innocent,without problems, envy or malice, I think it is wonderful to see that.
When we grow up all those things grow with us.	When we grow up all those things grow with us.
Children want to be older and when we are older we would like to be a child again.	Children want to be older and when we are older we would like to be a child again.
If you have a child in a house you understand what I mean.	If you have a child in your house you understand what I mean.
All around them is wonderful and great.	Everything around them is wonderful and great.
Hapiness is everywhere.	Happiness is everywhere.
Not have responsibilities.	Not having responsibilities.
Yes, I´d like to be a child again.	Yes, I´d like to be a child again.
Walk	Walk
We´ll go now to have a walk.	We´ll go for a walk now.
We´ll go now to have a walk.	We´ll now go to have a walk.
The hot is less now and we can go away.	It is not so hot now, we can go away.
The hot is less now and we can go away.	The heat is less now and we can go.
Today was very very hot.	Today was very very hot.
We were almost all time in the pool.	We were in the pool almost all of the time .
We were almost all time in the pool.	We were almost in the pool all day.
For eating we made a barbecue.	For lunch we made barbecue.
For eating we made a barbecue.	For food we had a barbecue.
I was lazy today then I asked my husband that he cooked.	I was lazy today, so I asked my husband to cook.
I was lazy today then I asked my husband that he cooked.	I was lazy today and I asked my husband if he could cook.
In the morning we eat for breakfast "churros" 	In the morning, we eat "churros" for breakfast. ☻¡Viva churros!☻
In the morning we eat for breakfast "churros" 	In the morning we ate "churros" for breakfast.
We usually eat them with chocolate.	We usually eat them with chocolate.
I love it but they are very heavy.:)	I love them but they are very heavy :).
Teamwork	Teamwork
Do you like or do you know to work with people?	Do you like or do you know how to work with other people?
I ask in this way because is difficult to do that.	I ask in this way because it is difficult to do that.
I like teamwork.	I like teamwork.
I love to help people in my job.	I love to help people in my job.
When someone is new, I try my best to help them.	When someone is new, I try my best to help them.
But I realize that not all people is the same way.	But I realize that not all people are the same way.
WHY???	WHY???
I think we must work together and if we do the best, things will be the best too.	I think we must work together and if we do our best, things will be the best too.
We are in the same ship.( I don´t know if this sentence is the same in English.:))	We are all in the same ship.( I don´t know if this expression is the same in English.:))
We are in the same ship.( I don´t know if this sentence is the same in English.:))	We are all in the same boat. ( I don´t know if this expression is the same in English.:))
Some people insist on teasing the other instead of helping.	Some people insist on teasing others instead of helping.
Some people insist on teasing the other instead of helping.	Some people insist on belittling others instead of helping them.
Do you think the same?	Do you agree?
Chinese language	Chinese language
I hear long time that Chinese language will be very important in the future.	I heard, a while ago, that the Chinese language will be very important in the future.
I hear long time that Chinese language will be very important in the future.	I have been hearing for a long time that the Chinese language will be very important in the future.
Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese business, and they are very competitive with prices.	Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese business that are very competitive with prices.
Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese business, and they are very competitive with prices.	Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese business, and they are very competitive with their prices.
Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese business, and they are very competitive with prices.	Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese businesses, and they are very competitive with their prices. 
People need to speak Chinese if they want to have business with them.	People need to speak Chinese if they want to do business with them.
People need to speak Chinese if they want to have business with them.	People need to speak Chinese if they want to do business with them.
If not then they need a translator.	If not then they need a translator.
We can see in a lot of things "Made in China".	We often see the label: "Made In China".
We can see in a lot of things "Made in China".	We can see "Made in China" on a lot of things .
Nobody is surprised with this.	Nobody is surprised by this.
I wonder if we´ll need Chinese language in the future.	I wonder if we´ll need to use the Chinese language in the future.
I wonder if we´ll need Chinese language in the future.	I wonder if we´ll need the Chinese language in the future.
maybe not me but young people?	Well, maybe not me but the younger generation, in their teens or early 20's?
I´m almost sure of this.	I´m almost sure of this.
What do you think?	What do you think?
Is it the same in your country?	Is it the same in your country?
Days Free	Days Free
I think I didn´t explain very well in my last entry .	I don't think I explained what I wanted to say very well in my last entry .
I was asking how many days free ,the companies give to the people when they work.	I wanted to ask how many days free companies give to people when they work.
For me if I work a year they give me 22 days.	For example, I get 22 days of vacation for every year that I work.
In your country?	What about in your country?
A little sad	A little sad
Today when I arrived home my daughter told me that the chameleon died.	Today when I got home my daughter told me that our pet chameleon had died. Arrived is more formal... not usually used in speech.
Sara was crying.	Sara was crying.
It´s curious how children live these situation.	It´s curious how children handle these situations.
It´s curious how children live these situation.	It´s interesting how children experience these situations.
All things happen in their life now will prepare them for the future.	All things that happen in their lives now will prepare them for the future.
All things happen in their life now will prepare them for the future.	Everything that happens in their life now will prepare them for the future. or, "is preparing them"
She has a great-grandmother and I remember now when one day she asked her when she was going to die.:)).	She has a great-grandmother and I remember when one day she asked her when she was going to die.:)).
Uhmmm not a good question ehh??	Uhmmm not a good question ehh??
The laptop	The laptop
I sent my laptop to fix it.	I sent my laptop for repair.
I sent my laptop to fix it.	I sent my laptop in to have it fixed.
But I received it today in the same way.	But I received it back today and it was still broken.
Why do they do things more complicated?	Why do they make things more complicated?
Why do they do things more complicated?	Why do they have to make things more complicated?
I'm very angry.	I'm very angry.
I´ll have to send it again.	I´ll have to send it in again.
Really???	Really???
This delays more my work.	This delays my work even more.
This delays more my work.	This delay is more work for me.
Here I am	Here I am
Well, I'd like to start by introducing myself	Well, I'd like to start by introducing myself.
My name is Sebastián, I'm 17 years old and I'm chilean	My name is Sebastián, I'm 17 years old and I'm Chilean
My name is Sebastián, I'm 17 years old and I'm chilean	My name is Sebastián, I'm 17 years old and I'm Chilean.
I've been learning english for 3 years..	I've been learning English for 3 years..
I've been learning english for 3 years..	I've been learning English for three years..
or that's what I try to do	or that's what I try to do
ahahha	ahahha
I was spending time on Twitter when I saw some News * I love reading New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my english's skills*	I was spending time on Twitter when I saw some News * I love reading New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my English skills*
I was spending time on Twitter when I saw some News * I love reading New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my english's skills*	I was spending time on Twitter when I saw some News * I love reading New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my English skills*
I was spending time on Twitter when I saw some News * I love reading New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my english's skills*	I was spending time on Twitter when I read some news.  I love reading the New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my English skills.
I read the one about how to learn a foreing language...	I read the one about how to learn a foreign language...
I read the one about how to learn a foreing language...	I read the one about how to learn a foreign language...
I read the one about how to learn a foreing language...	I read the one about how to learn a foreign language.
and well	And well,
I'm here...	I'm here...
checking this out hahaha	checking this out hahaha
So....	So....
I hope you help me and don't desesperate with my grammar or that kind of things lol	I hope you will help me and not disrespect my grammar or any thing like that lol
I hope you help me and don't desesperate with my grammar or that kind of things lol	I hope you help me and don't struggle with my grammar or those kinds of things lol
I hope you help me and don't desesperate with my grammar or that kind of things lol	I hope you help me and don't get desperate with my grammar or those kind of things! lol
Bye bye!	Bye bye!
good morning	good morning
this my second he comment help me!	This my second comment. Please help me!
this my second he comment help me!	This is my second comment. Help me please!
i am from Peru-Concepción-Junín is verygoogd my city the invite	I am from Concepción in the Junín region of Peru. It is a very nice city.
My name	My name
My name is Luis i of Peru	My name is Luis. I am from Peru.
Chinatown	Chinatown
Is it ok or how can you improve it to make it grammatically error-free?	Is it ok or how can you improve it to make it grammatically error-free?
This is a method for learning English, but it can be used to learn any language	This is a method for learning English, but it can be used to learn any language.
Guild Wars	Guild Wars
ok, today i will write about my favorite game, It's a roll game, and it's about the history of three continents	ok, today i will write about my favorite game, It's a role playing game, and it's about the history of three continents
ok, today i will write about my favorite game, It's a roll game, and it's about the history of three continents	Ok, today i will write about my favorite game. It's a role playing game, and it's about the history of three continents.
ok, today i will write about my favorite game, It's a roll game, and it's about the history of three continents	Ok, today I will write about my favorite game. It's a role-playing game, and it's about the history of three continents.
the first one is called Tirya, this is a bigger history than the other two, 	The first one is called Tirya and it has a bigger and more interesting history than the other two.
the first one is called Tirya, this is a bigger history than the other two, 	The first one is called Tirya and has a bigger history than the other two, 
the first one is called Tirya, this is a bigger history than the other two, 	The first one is called Tirya, it has a bigger history than the other two, 
the first one is called Tirya, this is a bigger history than the other two, 	The first one is called Tyria and has a more detailed history than the other two, 
and its a bit boring, but there are a crack where you can enter to underworld if you kill all the enemies on the zone you enter to the scar, and the to the garden and for last you can enter to the hero's hall, there everithins is made of gold, and in the last part you can found three mesmer boss called The Darkness, if you can kill them they give you two green staff, each staff can be selled in aproximaly 5 thousand gold coins.	There is a crack where you can enter the underworld if you kill all the enemies in the zone. You enter the scar, and then to the garden. Lastly, you can enter to the hero's hall where everything is made of gold, In the last part, you can find three mesmer boss called The Darkness. If you manage to kill them they will give you two green staves. Each staff can be sold for aproximaly 5 thousand gold coins.
and its a bit boring, but there are a crack where you can enter to underworld if you kill all the enemies on the zone you enter to the scar, and the to the garden and for last you can enter to the hero's hall, there everithins is made of gold, and in the last part you can found three mesmer boss called The Darkness, if you can kill them they give you two green staff, each staff can be selled in aproximaly 5 thousand gold coins.	and its a bit boring, but there is a crack where you can enter the underworld. If you kill all the enemies in this zone, you enter the scar and then the garden, and finally you can enter the hero's hall. There, everything is made of gold, and in the last part you can find three mesmer bosses called The Darkness. If you can kill them, they give you two green staffs. Each staff can be sold for approximately 5 thousand gold coins.
and its a bit boring, but there are a crack where you can enter to underworld if you kill all the enemies on the zone you enter to the scar, and the to the garden and for last you can enter to the hero's hall, there everithins is made of gold, and in the last part you can found three mesmer boss called The Darkness, if you can kill them they give you two green staff, each staff can be selled in aproximaly 5 thousand gold coins.	and it's a bit boring, but there is a crack from where you can enter the underworld if you kill all the enemies on the area that leads to the opening and to the garden and at the end, you can enter the Hero's Hall. There, everything is made of gold and in the last part you can find three mesmer bosses called The Darkness. If you kill them, they give you two green staffs, and each staff can be sold for approximately five thousand gold coins.
and its a bit boring, but there are a crack where you can enter to underworld if you kill all the enemies on the zone you enter to the scar, and the to the garden and for last you can enter to the hero's hall, there everithins is made of gold, and in the last part you can found three mesmer boss called The Darkness, if you can kill them they give you two green staff, each staff can be selled in aproximaly 5 thousand gold coins.	and it's a bit boring, but there is a crack where you can enter to underworld if you kill all the enemies in the zone.  You enter the Rift, and then the Courtyard, and last you can enter to the Hall of Heroes where everything is made of gold.  And in the last part, you can find three mesmer bosses called The Darkness.  If you can kill them they give you two green staffs, each of which can be sold for approximaly 5 thousand gold coins.
Today i had good luck and they gave me 3 greens, and i get 70 thousand gold coins, xD	Today I got lucky and they gave me 3 green staves, and i get 70 thousand gold coins, xD
Today i had good luck and they gave me 3 greens, and i get 70 thousand gold coins, xD	Today i had good luck and they gave me 3 green staffs, and i got 70 thousand gold coins, xD
Today i had good luck and they gave me 3 greens, and i get 70 thousand gold coins, xD	Today I had good luck and they gave me 3 greens, and I got 70 thousand gold coins, xD
My english exam	My English Exam
The last Saturday my english teacher gave us our average in the exam.	Last Saturday, my English teacher gave us our average from the exam.
To be honest i really felt this exam some hard and i didnt study for this.	To be honest I really felt this exam was hard and I didn't study for this.
Well i get 8.7 and my last average was of 9.4, if someone get less of 8 cannot pass to the next level.	Well, I got 8.7 and my last average was 9.4. If you get less than 8 you cannot pass to the next level.
I'm in intermediate 1 (from 3), and this teacher is teaching us american english.	I'm in intermediate 1 (from 3), and this teacher is teaching us American English.
in this school tech british english, so sometimes when she is speaking i dont understan inmediatly what she said	At this school British English is taught, so sometimes when she is speaking i don't understand immediately.
however i do my best try to learn english, american, british or whatever accent xD, I wish someday teach english and travel to Toront or london, maybe Washington xD	However, I will do my best to try and learn American, British or whatever English accent is required. xD I wish someday I could teach English and travel to Toronto or London, maybe Washington. xD
ok thanks for correct	Ok thanks for the corrections.
good luck	good luck
ok I'm new here	ok I'm new here Good.
I dont know what write but I'm doing a try, 	I don't know what to write about, but I'm going to try.
I dont know what write but I'm doing a try, 	I dont know what to write but I'm trying.
In my english class i hate writings because i have not imagination to do a writing xD	In my English class, I hate writing because I don't have the imagination to write. xD
In my english class i hate writings because i have not imagination to do a writing xD	In my english class i hate writing because i don't have imagination to write. xD
mm 20 minutes later and i cant write more 	Mm, after 20 minutes, I can't write any more. 
mm 20 minutes later and i cant write more 	mm 20 minutes later and i cant write more Good Enough...
D=	D=
Sometimes i think that days are so short, because i cant do much things, but in weekends the days are longer and i dont have waht to do!	Sometimes I think that days are so short because I can't do much things. However, on weekends, the days are longer and then I don't know what to do!
Sometimes i think that days are so short, because i cant do much things, but in weekends the days are longer and i dont have waht to do!	Sometimes i think that days are too short, because i cant do many things, but on weekends the days are longer and i dont know what to do!
ok my brain is dry	Ok my mind is blank.
ok my brain is dry	ok my brain is dry Awesome!
ok my brain is dry	Ok, my brain has run dry.
see you	see you Good!
I'm back!	I'm back!
I still without inspiration, but i have to try to learn more about English.	I'm still without inspiration, but i have to try to learn more about English.
Today I woke up early, at 7:30 more less, and I went to my English school to do my final test.	Today I woke up early, at 7:30 more less, and went to my English school to do my final test.
the last saturday was my oral exam, I had to learn three twister tongues, but I did it good, the teacher gaves nine, Today in my final test the luck left me.	Last saturday was my oral exam, I had to learn three twister tongues, and I did great,the teacher gave me a nine, Today in my final test the luck left me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I would also change the first sentence... I would say something like "My oral exam was last saturday"
Well I didn't study and I couldn't go to a two clases, so I didn't learn two topics, Today my average was of 8.4, If I  had less of 8 I couldnt pass to the next level.	Well I didn't study and I couldn't go to two clases, so I didn't learn two topics, Today my average was 8.4, If I'd had 8 or less, I wouldn't have passed to the next level.
At the end now I am in intermediate 2, and I'm happy for that, well my brain is dry again :P	In the end I'm in intermediate 2, and I'm happy for that, well my brain is dry again :P
see you!	see you!
Hi, this is my first entry...so don't be hard with me.	Hi, this is my first entry...so don't be too hard on me.
My purpose is do one entry by day for learn english.	My goal is do one entry a day to learn English.
Thanks to all you for help me.	Thanks to all of you for helping me.
See you.	See you.
Greetings	Greetings
Hello everyone,	Hello everyone,
I'm studying english since several months 	I'm studying english since several months 
I'm from Mexico and would like to go to Canada someday	I'm from Mexico and would like to go to Canada someday
I'm native Spanish so if you have a doubt or want to practice, count with me.	I'm native Spanish so if you have a doubt or want to practice, count with me.
Greetings.	Greetings.
Luck.	Luck.
verbs in present and present progressive	verbs in present and present progressive
Carmen is (EXERCISE) exercising now.	Carmen is (EXERCISE) exercising now.
Juan  is (WRITE) writing a love letter now.	Juan  is (WRITE) writing a love letter now.
He writes a love letter to his girlfriend every day.	He writes a love letter to his girlfriend every day.
Clara is (IRON) ironing her clothes now.	Clara is (IRON) ironing her clothes now.
She irons them twice a week.	She irons them twice a week.
My brother (PLAY) plays basketball once a week.	My brother (PLAY) plays basketball once a week.
He is playing now.	He is playing now.
Her father paints two days a week.	Her father paints two days a week.
We are painting now.	We are painting now.
thank you 	thank you 
i cannt understand the word "over"	i cannt understand the word "over"
sometines i listen a song, per first time, and the song is nice, but i listen the song , again and again, and i see that the letter isnt very good, and sometimes i cannt understand the meaning of specif sentences, exemple:	sometines i listen a song, per first time, and the song is nice, but i listen the song , again and again, and i see that the letter isnt very good, and sometimes i cannt understand the meaning of specif sentences, exemple:
you p.m.s.	you p.m.s.
, i dont know what is p.m.s.	, i dont know what is p.m.s.
and you over think, it`s the same case, i dont undestand 	and you over think, it`s the same case, i dont undestand 
stuck on a roller coaster.............	stuck on a roller coaster.............
the idea is?	the idea is?
well, anyway	well, anyway
Hello	Hello
Hello, everyone.	Hello, everyone.
I am new user and I hope to learn much English from people here!	I am a new user and I hope to learn much English from people here!
I am new user and I hope to learn much English from people here!	I am a new user and I hope to learn much English from people here!
I wonder how you reply to comments or corrections on my journal?	I wonder how you reply to comments or corrections on my journal?
Is this possible to do so or is the only way to make a comment on my own journal entry and wish for the writer to come back to the page and see?	Is it possible to do so or is the only way to make a comment on my own journal entry and wish for the writer to come back to the page and see?
Thank you for helping!	Thank you for helping!
I had many problems to solve	I had many problems to solve
I had many problems to solve all along my life.	I've had to solve many problems during my life.
I had many problems to solve all along my life.	I've had many problems to solve all along my life.
Could you say this in another way in english?	Could you say this another way in English?
Could you say this in another way in english?	Could you say this in another way in english? I think the sentence as you wrote it is perfectly fine, though you could capitalize English.
Thanks!	Thanks!
ayuda jej	ayuda jej
hi all I wish to help me correct my English please add me my msns: rey_1800@hotmail.	hi all I wish to help me correct my English please add me my msns: rey_1800@hotmail.
com	com
XD:::::	XD:::::
Lang-8	Lang-8
I've been surfing on this site for a week and I really think that it's a great site to improve English, (in my case) or any language.	I've been surfing on this site for a week and I really think that it's a great site to improve English, (in my case) or any language.
People is very kind and they correct your entries in few min.	People are very kind and they correct your entries in few min.
You can made friends and learn about other cultures too.	You can make friends and learn about other cultures too.
What's the bad point?	What's the bad point?
You can practise listening or speaking.	You can practise listening or speaking.
And sometimes native speakers only correct grammar mistakes so although your text is technically correct it don't seem to be real English.	And sometimes native speakers only correct grammar mistakes so although your text is technically correct it doesn't seem to be real English.
Who can find more English mistakes? (Please, not only grammar)	Who can find more English mistakes? (Please, not only grammar)
The Italian Languague.	The Italian Languague.
 Sometimes people take up language courses in order to improve their skills at work when their boss ask for it; or children are pushed to study languages for their future.	Sometimes people take up language courses in order to improve their skills at work when their boss asks for it; or children are pushed to study languages for their future.
However, it/this doesn't always happen.	However, this doesn't always happen.
That is why, Italian is one of the most interesting languages in the world.	That is why, Italian is one of the most interesting languages in the world.
Nobody is forced to speak it.	Nobody is forced to speak it.
Most of people usually learn it because of his beauty.	Most people usually learn it because of its beauty.
To understand why, it's important have a look to the history.	To understand why, it's important have a look at the history.
 European people spoke latin-derived dialects that gradually changed over the years, like French, Portuguese, Spanish and Italian.	 European people spoke latin-derived dialects that gradually changed over the years, like French, Portuguese, Spanish and Italian.
What happended with France, Portuguese and Spain was a progressive evolution that was accepted by all their habitants.	What happended with France, Portuguese and Spain was a progressive evolution that was accepted by all their habitants.
But Italy was the exception.	But Italy was the exception.
One reason is that Italia wasn't a country for years.	One reason is that Italy wasn't a country for years.
It wasn't unified until 1861 meanwhile, It was completely disunited, and the territories that actually conform the country were governing by different countries.	It wasn't unified until 1861. Meanwhile, it was completely disunited, and the territories that actually conformed to the country were governed by different countries.
"All this internal division meant that Italy never properly coalesced, and Italian didn't either.	"All this internal division meant that Italy never properly coalesced, and Italian didn't either.
So it's not surprising that, for, centuries, Italians wrote and spoke in local dialects that were mutually unfathomable." Gilbert explains.	So it's not surprising that, for, centuries, Italians wrote and spoke in local dialects that were mutually unfathomable." Gilbert explains.
 In 16th century, some italian's intellectuals join together and they decided that Italy needed a unique language, at least in writing.	In 16th century, some italian's intellectuals joined together and they decided that Italy needed a unique language, at least in writing.
They read about/looked up beautiful italian words in each dialect.	They read about/looked up beautiful italian words in each dialect.
They found that the most beautiful were Danti Algheri's Florentine dialect.	They found that the most beautiful were Danti Algheri's Florentine dialect.
They took many words from "Divine Comedy".	They took many words from "Divine Comedy".
It is because, when Dante wrote it, he didn't choose Latin words.	It is because, when Dante wrote it, he didn't choose Latin words.
They thought that it was a very restrictive language.	They thought that it was a very restrictive language.
Only rich people could afford to have classes.	Only rich people could afford to have classes.
So, they chose those words that generally were spoken by Florentines.	So, they chose those words that generally were spoken by Florentines.
Therefore, the intellectuals decided that Dante's Italin would be the Italian Official Language.	Therefore, the intellectuals decided that Dante's Italin would be the Italian Official Language.
 Nowdays though over the years it had changed, essentially Italian is Dantean.	Nowdays though over the years it has changed, essentially Italian is Dantean.
Italian Language's text.	Italian Language's text.
Chapter 15.	Chapter 15.
The interesting thing about my Italian class is that nobody really needs to be there.	The interesting thing about my Italian class is that nobody really needs to be there.
There are twelve of us studying together, of all ages, from all over the world, and everybody has come to Rome for the same reason—to study Italian just because they feel like it.	There are twelve of us studying together, of all ages, from all over the world, and everybody has come to Rome for the same reason—to study Italian just because they feel like it.
Not one of us can identify a single practical reason for being here.	Not one of us can identify a single practical reason for being here.
Nobody’s boss has said to anyone, “It is vital that you learn to speak Italian in order for us to conduct our business overseas.” Everybody, even the uptight German engineer, shares what I thought was my own personal motive: we all want to speak Italian because we love the way it makes us feel.	Nobody’s boss has said to anyone, “It is vital that you learn to speak Italian in order for us to conduct our business overseas.” Everybody, even the uptight German engineer, shares what I thought was my own personal motive: we all want to speak Italian because we love the way it makes us feel.
A sad-faced Russian woman tells us she’s treating herself to Italian lessons because “I think I deserve something beautiful.” The German engineer says, “I want Italian because I love the dolce vita”—the sweet life.	A sad-faced Russian woman tells us she’s treating herself to Italian lessons because “I think I deserve something beautiful.” The German engineer says, “I want Italian because I love the dolce vita”—the sweet life.
(Only, in his stiff Germanic accent, it ends up sounding like he said he loved “the deutsche vita”—the German life—which I’m afraid he’s already had plenty of.) 	(Only, in his stiff Germanic accent, it ends up sounding like he said he loved “the deutsche vita”—the German life—which I’m afraid he’s already had plenty of.) 
As I will find out over the next few months, there are actually some good reasons that Italian is the most seductively beautiful language in the world, and why I’m not the only person who thinks so.	As I will find out over the next few months, there are actually some good reasons that Italian is the most seductively beautiful language in the world, and why I’m not the only person who thinks so.
To understand why, you have to first understand that Europe was once a pandemonium of numberless Latin-derived dialects that gradually, over the centuries, morphed into a few separate languages—French, Portuguese, Spanish, Italian.	To understand why, you have to first understand that Europe was once a pandemonium of numberless Latin-derived dialects that gradually, over the centuries, morphed into a few separate languages—French, Portuguese, Spanish, Italian.
What happened in France, Portugal and Spain was an organic evolution: the dialect of the most prominent city gradually became the accepted language of the whole region.	What happened in France, Portugal and Spain was an organic evolution: the dialect of the most prominent city gradually became the accepted language of the whole region.
Therefore, what we today call French is really a version of medieval Parisian.	Therefore, what we today call French is really a version of medieval Parisian.
Portuguese is really Lisboan.	Portuguese is really Lisboan.
Spanish is essentially Madrileño.	Spanish is essentially Madrileño.
These were capitalist victories; the strongest city ultimately determined the language of the whole country.	These were capitalist victories; the strongest city ultimately determined the language of the whole country.
Italy was different.	Italy was different.
One critical difference was that, for the longest time, Italy wasn’t even a country.	One critical difference was that, for the longest time, Italy wasn’t even a country.
It didn’t get itself unified until quite late in life (1861) and until then was a peninsula of warring city-states dominated by proud local princes or other European powers.	It didn’t get itself unified until quite late in life (1861) and until then was a peninsula of warring city-states dominated by proud local princes or other European powers.
Parts of Italy belonged to France, parts to Spain, parts to the Church, parts to whoever could grab the local fortress or palace.	Parts of Italy belonged to France, parts to Spain, parts to the Church, parts to whoever could grab the local fortress or palace.
The Italian people were alternatively humiliated and cavalier about all this domination.	The Italian people were alternatively humiliated and cavalier about all this domination.
Most didn’t much like being colonized by their fellow Europeans, but there was always that apathetic crowd that said, “Franza o Spagna, purchè se magna,” which means, in dialect, “France or Spain, as long as I can eat.” 	Most didn’t much like being colonized by their fellow Europeans, but there was always that apathetic crowd that said, “Franza o Spagna, purchè se magna,” which means, in dialect, “France or Spain, as long as I can eat.” 
All this internal division meant that Italy never properly coalesced, and Italian didn’t either.	All this internal division meant that Italy never properly coalesced, and Italian didn’t either.
So it’s not surprising that, for centuries, Italians wrote and spoke in local dialects that were mutually unfathomable.	So it’s not surprising that, for centuries, Italians wrote and spoke in local dialects that were mutually unfathomable.
A scientist in Florence could barely communicate with a poet in Sicily or a merchant in Venice (except in Latin, of course, which was hardly considered the national language).	A scientist in Florence could barely communicate with a poet in Sicily or a merchant in Venice (except in Latin, of course, which was hardly considered the national language).
In the sixteenth century, some Italian intellectuals got together and decided that this was absurd.	In the sixteenth century, some Italian intellectuals got together and decided that this was absurd.
This Italian peninsula needed an Italian language, at least in the written form, which everyone could agree upon.	This Italian peninsula needed an Italian language, at least in the written form, which everyone could agree upon.
So this gathering of intellectuals proceeded to do something unprecedented in the history of Europe; they handpicked the most beautiful of all the local dialects and crowned it Italian.	So this gathering of intellectuals proceeded to do something unprecedented in the history of Europe; they handpicked the most beautiful of all the local dialects and crowned it Italian.
In order to find the most beautiful dialect ever spoken in Italy, they had to reach back in time two hundred years to fourteenth-century Florence.	In order to find the most beautiful dialect ever spoken in Italy, they had to reach back in time two hundred years to fourteenth-century Florence.
What this congress decided would henceforth be considered proper Italian was the personal language of the great Florentine poet Dante Alighieri.	What this congress decided would henceforth be considered proper Italian was the personal language of the great Florentine poet Dante Alighieri.
When Dante published his Divine Comedy back in 1321, detailing a visionary progression through Hell, Purgatory and Heaven, he’d shocked the literate world by not writing in Latin.	When Dante published his Divine Comedy back in 1321, detailing a visionary progression through Hell, Purgatory and Heaven, he’d shocked the literate world by not writing in Latin.
He felt that Latin was a corrupted, elitist language, and that the use of it in serious prose had “turned literature into a harlot” by making universal narrative into something that could only be bought with money, through the privilege of an aristocratic education.	He felt that Latin was a corrupted, elitist language, and that the use of it in serious prose had “turned literature into a harlot” by making universal narrative into something that could only be bought with money, through the privilege of an aristocratic education.
Instead, Dante turned back to the streets, picking up the real Florentine language spoken by the residents of his city (who included such luminous contemporaries as Boccaccio and Petrarch) and using that language to tell his tale.	Instead, Dante turned back to the streets, picking up the real Florentine language spoken by the residents of his city (who included such luminous contemporaries as Boccaccio and Petrarch) and using that language to tell his tale.
He wrote his masterpiece in what he called dolce stil nuovo, the “sweet new style” of the vernacular, and he shaped that vernacular even as he was writing it, affecting it as personally as Shakespeare would someday affect Elizabethan English.	He wrote his masterpiece in what he called dolce stil nuovo, the “sweet new style” of the vernacular, and he shaped that vernacular even as he was writing it, affecting it as personally as Shakespeare would someday affect Elizabethan English.
For a group of nationalist intellectuals much later in history to have sat down and decided that Dante’s Italian would now be the official language of Italy would be very much as if a group of Oxford dons had sat down one day in the early nineteenth century and decided that—from this point forward—everybody in England was going to speak pure Shakespeare.	For a group of nationalist intellectuals much later in history to have sat down and decided that Dante’s Italian would now be the official language of Italy would be very much as if a group of Oxford dons had sat down one day in the early nineteenth century and decided that—from this point forward—everybody in England was going to speak pure Shakespeare.
And it actually worked.	And it actually worked.
The Italian we speak today, therefore, is not Roman or Venetian (though these were the powerful military and merchant cities) nor even really entirely Florentine.	The Italian we speak today, therefore, is not Roman or Venetian (though these were the powerful military and merchant cities) nor even really entirely Florentine.
Essentially, it is Dantean.	Essentially, it is Dantean.
No other European language has such an artistic pedigree.	No other European language has such an artistic pedigree.
And perhaps no language was ever more perfectly ordained to express human emotions than this fourteenth-century Florentine Italian, as embellished by one of Western civilization’s greatest poets.	And perhaps no language was ever more perfectly ordained to express human emotions than this fourteenth-century Florentine Italian, as embellished by one of Western civilization’s greatest poets.
Dante wrote his Divine Comedy in terza rima, triple rhyme, a chain of rhymes with each rhyme repeating three times every five lines, giving his pretty Florentine vernacular what scholars call “a cascading rhythm”—a rhythm which still lives in the tumbling, poetic cadences spoken by Italian cabdrivers and butchers and government administrators even today.	Dante wrote his Divine Comedy in terza rima, triple rhyme, a chain of rhymes with each rhyme repeating three times every five lines, giving his pretty Florentine vernacular what scholars call “a cascading rhythm”—a rhythm which still lives in the tumbling, poetic cadences spoken by Italian cabdrivers and butchers and government administrators even today.
The last line of the Divine Comedy, in which Dante is faced with the vision of God Himself, is a sentiment that is still easily understandable by anyone familiar with so-called modern Italian.	The last line of the Divine Comedy, in which Dante is faced with the vision of God Himself, is a sentiment that is still easily understandable by anyone familiar with so-called modern Italian.
Dante writes that God is not merely a blinding vision of glorious light, but that He is, most of all, l’amor che move il sole e l’altre stelle .	Dante writes that God is not merely a blinding vision of glorious light, but that He is, most of all, l’amor che move il sole e l’altre stelle .
.	.
.	.
“The love that moves the sun and the other stars.” 	“The love that moves the sun and the other stars.” 
So it’s really no wonder that I want so desperately to learn this language.	So it’s really no wonder that I want so desperately to learn this language.
Exam 1 - Part 2 - Question 6	Exam 1 - Part 2 - Question 6
James:	James,
It was a wonderful party.	That was a wonderful party.
I spent a great time meeting my schools partners again.	I had a great time seeing my schoolmates again.
I spent a great time meeting my schools partners again.	I spent a great time meeting my classmates again.
There was such a long time that we haven't seen each other.	We haven't seen each other in such a long time.
There was such a long time that we haven't seen each other.	We haven't seen for a long time each other.
The best I liked was the video we watched about our childhood.	I liked the video we watched about our childhood the most.
The best I liked was the video we watched about our childhood.	The best thing I liked was the video which we could enjoy seeing our childhood.
I'm looking forward to meet us again.	I'm looking forward to us meeting again.
I'm looking forward to meet us again.	I'm looking forward to meeting everyone again. Note:us includes yourself. 
What about next Sunday?	How about next Sunday?
What about next Sunday?	What about next Sunday?
kisses,	Kisses,
Geraldine.	Geraldine.
carta 2	carta 2
         Caracas, February 20011.	         Caracas, February 20011.
To: World Youth Choir.	To: World Youth Choir.
 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.	 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.
Thank you,	Thank you,
motivacion	Motivation
for me is a great opportunity to meet and challenge of learning new music and culture with a global high-level group	For me, this is a great opportunity to meet and a challenge of learning new music and culture with a global high-level group.
carta	carta
         Caracas, February 20011.	         Caracas, February 20011.
To: World Youth Choir.	To: World Youth Choir.
 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.	 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.
Thank you,	Thank you,
carta	carta
         Caracas, February 2011.	         Caracas, February 2011.
To: World Yourth Choir.	To: World Yourth Choir.
First of all, I salute you and thank you for the opportunity you are giving me to audition.	First of all, I salute you and thank you for the opportunity you are giving me to audition.
For me, it would be an enriching experience an honor to contribute with my voice to the World Youth Choir,wich is a very recognized organization.	For me, it would be an enriching experience an honor to contribute with my voice to the World Youth Choir,wich is a very recognized organization.
This would be a unique opportunity to acquire knowledge from worldwide recognized conductors.	This would be a unique opportunity to acquire knowledge from worldwide recognized conductors.
I would feel proud to represent my country in the World Youth Choir.	I would feel proud to represent my country in the World Youth Choir.
For me, it is a challenge.	For me, it is a challenge.
Thank you,	Thank you,
dirreccion	dirreccion
Pan-American Highway km.27 Alps sector, house # 42 Guacaipuro municipality, theTeques, Miranda State, Venezuela	Pan-American Highway km.27 Alps sector, house # 42 Guacaipuro municipality, theTeques, Miranda State, Venezuela
carta	carta
         Caracas, February 20011.	         Caracas, February 20011.
To: World Youth Choir.	To: World Youth Choir.
 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.	 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.
Thank you,	Thank you,
carta 1	carta 1
         Caracas, February 2011.	         Caracas, February 2011.
To: World Yourth Choir.	To: World Yourth Choir.
First of all, I salute you and thank you for the opportunity you are giving me to audition.	First of all, I salute you and thank you for the opportunity you are giving me to audition.
For me, it would be an enriching experience an honor to contribute with my voice to the World Youth Choir,wich is a very recognized organization.	For me, it would be an enriching experience and an honor to contribute with my voice to the World Youth Choir, which is a well recognized organization.
This would be a unique opportunity to acquire knowledge from worldwide recognized conductors.	This would be a unique opportunity to acquire knowledge from conductors who are recognized worldwide.
I would feel proud to represent my country in the World Youth Choir.	I would feel proud to represent my country in the World Youth Choir.
For me, it is a challenge.	For me, it is a challenge.
Thank you,	Thank you,
carta	carta
         Caracas, February 20011.	         Caracas, February 20011.
To: World Youth Choir.	To: World Youth Choir.
 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.	 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.
Thank you,	Thank you,
Let introce my self	Let introce my self
Hi there, this is my fist post and I am rally exited,thanks in advace for your help	Hi there, this is my fist post and I am rally exited,thanks in advace for your help
Sunday	Sunday
Today was a weird day.	Today was a weird day.
We had rain, but was hot as hell.	We had rain, but it was hot as hell.
I had a headache almost the entire afternoon	I had a headache almost the entire afternoon
So I take an aspirine and it went away.	So I took an aspirin and it went away.
Since I have a test tomorrow I can't watch movies today, so I've been studying the whole night.	Since I have a test tomorrow I can't watch movies today, so I've been studying the whole night.
I hope I'll get an A.	I hope I'll get an A.
Hola	Hola
Eu quero aprender Português...	Eu quero aprender Português...
there's no time to sleep some days	there's no time to sleep some days
All night i'll be practicing my saxophone studies I hope that all efford it's worth  for tomorrow class 	All night i'll be practicing my saxophone studies I hope that all efford it's worth  for tomorrow class 
the production began now	the production begins now
Recently I made a new group with my friends, we had been talking months ago about making this new group and finally we started to compose, this weeks we'll work in making new music and planing the first song that will be in the production to began the recordings.	Recently I made a new group with my friends. We had been talking months ago about making this new group and finally we started to compose. This week we'll work on making new music and planning the first song that will be in the production to begin the recordings.
The music we are looking to create it's electronic music , something like the chemical brothers or the IDM wave in europe.	The music we are looking to create is electronic music , something like the Chemical Brothers or the IDM wave in europe.
there's a lot of work to do so let's get started now 	there's a lot of work to do so let's get started now 
A beatifull cold day	A beautiful cold day
Today is a cold day, is really frozen out.	Today is a cold day, is really frozen out.
I comeback home (recien, quiero poner "Recien llego a casa") but i been study in the university.	I just came back home, I've been studying in the university.
Is to fun, i have many friends, and my teachers are very smart.	It's so fun because I have many friends, and my teachers are very smart.
I`am studying for become History Teacher.	I`am studying for become History Teacher.
Perdón!!	Perdón!!
se que tengo que mejorar muchísimo en ingles, gracias por su ayuda!	se que tengo que mejorar muchísimo en ingles, gracias por su ayuda!
Hello everybody	Hello everybody
Hello, this is my firts writting in here.	Hello, this is my first post here.
I hope someone can help me because my english are so bad.	I hope someone can help me because my English is so bad.
Well, im going to drink "mate" because today is a really cold day.	Well, I'm going to drink "mate" because today is a really cold day.
Bye see you latter.	Bye, see you later.
new lang-8	new lang-8
jijii it`s so cool :)	jijii it`s so cool :)
i want to learn to speak English 	i want to learn to speak English 
but, i don't know much Verbs 	but, i don't know much Verbs 
Improving my English II	Improving my English II
Hello again, this is the second episode of my "improving English" saga.	Hello again, this is the second episode of my "improving English" saga.
Todawy was the third day on mi internship, the second one was similar than the first one, it was pretty bored and very useless, although I could use a computer to watch manuals in English and a couple of them in Spanish.	Today was the third day of my internship; the second one was similar to the first one, which was pretty boring and very useless. Although, I could use a computer to read manuals in English, and a couple in Spanish.
Today I had the same kind of day, reading manuals is good a few time, but not good for eight hours because I haven't the opportunity to use the software, so I can't make tries with it and learn it.	Today I had the same kind of day. Reading manuals a few times is good, but not for eight hours, because I don't have the opportunity to use the software, so I can't practice with and learn it.
Today I had the same kind of day, reading manuals is good a few time, but not good for eight hours because I haven't the opportunity to use the software, so I can't make tries with it and learn it.	Today I had the same kind of day, reading manuals is good a few at a time, but not good for eight hours because I haven't the opportunity to use the software, so I can't put into practice what I'm learning.
It supose tomorrow will be the last day with this dinamic, I sincerely hope so.	Supposedly tomorrow will be the last day of this method. I sincerely hope so.
See ya.	See ya.
Improving my English III	Improving my English III
Hello again, I continue this series talking about the last day of this week at my internship.	Hello again, I'm continue this series with talking about the last day of this week at my internship.Hello again, I'd like to continue this series with talking about the last day of this week at my internship.
Hello again, I continue this series talking about the last day of this week at my internship.	Hello again, I'm going to continue this series by talking about the last day of this week at my internship.
Friday was also pretty boring, the same mechanic, nothing new but we got some "good news".	Friday was pretty boring. The same routine, nothing new but we did get some "good news".
Suposedly we have our users created on the server and they will be activated on monday, in my understand that means we will do something the next week.	Supposedly, we have our users created on the server and they will be activated on Monday. My understand is that means we will do something the next week.
Suposedly we have our users created on the server and they will be activated on monday, in my understand that means we will do something the next week.	Supposedly we have our users created on the server and they will be activated on Monday. As I understand it, that means we will do something next week.
I also wanna talk about the eartquake in Japan.	I also want to talk about the earthquake in Japan.
I hope all people arounnd here will be ok, and the situation improve soon.	I hope all people arounnd here will be ok, and the situation improve soon.==You don't necessarily need the comma here. I'm notorious for "comma splicing" and run-on sentences so one of the other English-speaking friends may want to double check.==
I hope all people arounnd here will be ok, and the situation improve soon.	I hope everybody around here will be ok, and that the situation improves soon.
The news are really confused.	The news is really confusing.==Usually plural words require "are" to follow but the news is treated like a singular word. It's an exception to the s equals plural word rule.==
It's very important to rescue the people and solve the problem with the nuclear reactor.	It's very important to rescue the people and solve the problem with the nuclear reactor.
I hope they will find many survivors at Minami Sanriku.	I hope that they find many survivors at Minami Sanriku.
Take care Japanese people, this will pass.	Take care, Japanese people; this will pass.
15 MIL  300 MILLION PESOS IN CREDITS AVAILABLE TO SMALL AND MEDIUM FARMERS 	15 MIL  300 MILLION PESOS IN CREDITS AVAILABLE TO SMALL AND MEDIUM FARMERS 
thanks to he agreement among, the department of productivity, competitiveness of Antioquia and the guarantee fund of Antioch since 2009 until now, small and medium producers have benefited with credits for 24688 million of pesos.	thanks to he agreement among, the department of productivity, competitiveness of Antioquia and the guarantee fund of Antioch since 2009 until now, small and medium producers have benefited with credits for 24688 million of pesos.
There funds are for 4712 credits  given to projects that have made in Antioquia, except in urban areas of the valley of Aburrá, these funds are aimed to small, medium, big producers and groups associated with agriculture and agritourism.	There funds are for 4712 credits  given to projects that have made in Antioquia, except in urban areas of the valley of Aburrá, these funds are aimed to small, medium, big producers and groups associated with agriculture and agritourism.
Hello!!	Hello!!
Hi, I´m a new member in Lang-8 and I´m not sure how I have to use this page.	Hi, I´m a new member in Lang-8 and I´m not sure how I have to use this page.
Could someone give a piece of advice about it?	Could someone give a piece of advice about it?
Thanks  	Thanks  
Tomorrow	Tomorrow
Tomorrow my countr,beautiful country will be more old because tommorro is 15 of september.	Tomorrow my beautiful country will be a year older, because tomorrow is the 15th of September.
My country was born  in 15 of september in 1810.	My country was born on the 15th of September in 1810.
The independece day is very interesting,the people dancing,go to their families to Zocalo .	The independence day is very interesting; the people go dancing,_and go with their families to Zocalo.
The Zocalo will be very animous plae...	Zocalo will be a very lively place...
you know!1 You should go to google or Internet and find Mexico 15 of september...	You know, you should google "Mexico 15th of September"...
I Loveeeeee!	I Loveeeeee!
Violence at school	Violence at school
Nowadays, the violence is everywhere you look.	Nowadays, violence is everywhere you look.
In the TV, games on 	On the TV, games on 
In the TV, games on 	On TV, in games...
the Internet...	the Internet...
The people is getting used to it and they play down to this attitude.	The people are getting used to it and they play down to this attitude.
The people is getting used to it and they play down to this attitude.	People are getting used to it and their attitude is changing.
Everybody is influented by the violence, above all, the children.	Everybody is influented by violence, especially children.
Everybody is influented by the violence, above all, the children.	Everybody is being influenced by violence, especially children.
The kids learn by copying the behaviour of their parents.	The kids learn by copying the behaviour of their parents.
If they see	If they see
violence, they´ll be violent people.	violence, they´ll be violent people.
The aggressiveness learned is putting on practise in the school´s 	The aggressiveness learned is put to practise on the school´s 
playground.	playground.
Everyday, we can see in the news how the children bully 	Everyday, we can see in the news how the children bully 
their partners with extremely cruelty.	their classmates with extremely cruelty.
their partners with extremely cruelty.	their classmates with extreme cruelty.
Besides, the violence is 	Besides, the violence is 
spreading to the classroom and the teacher suffer it too.	spreading to the classroom and the teacher suffers it too.
Due to that, we must try to change the mentality of our society to this 	Due to that, we must try to change the mentality of our society on this 
Due to that, we must try to change the mentality of our society to this 	Due to that, we must try to change the mentality of our society regarding this matter.
respect, making people aware of the serious problem which is 	aspect, making people aware of the serious problem which is 
respect, making people aware of the serious problem which is 	We need to make  people more aware of the serious problem which is aggressiveness and try to change things.
aggressiveness and trying to changed it,	aggressiveness and trying to change it,
presentation	presentation
Hi Nina, 	Hi Nina, 
How are you today?	How are you today?
I hope you're ready for tomorrow.	I hope you're ready for tomorrow.
Almost 2 years...	Almost 2 years...
It's been almost two years since I moved from my natal Guadalajara (Mexico) to San Francisco (US), and it's kind of weird after living in Mexico for almost 25 years just leave everything behind; It would be fair to say that I had experience new things, but sometimes I feel like I don't belong and makes me feel uneasy...	It's been almost two years since I moved from my natal Guadalajara (Mexico) to San Francisco (US), and it's kind of weird after living in Mexico for almost 25 years just leave everything behind; It would be fair to say that I had experience new things, but sometimes I feel like I don't belong and makes me feel uneasy...
Saturday Night	Saturday Night
Hiii!	Hiii!
I'm going to a gothic/heavy metal party with my friends tomorrow and I'm really excited about it.	I'm going to a gothic/heavy metal party with my friends tomorrow, and I'm really excited about it.
Since I have to prepare the makeup and dress for my best friend, today I'm watching lots of videos in youtube for inspiration.	Since I have to prepare the dress and makeup for my best friend, today I'm watching lots of videos on youtube for inspiration.
I suppose I will just use some black/red shadows for her beautiful eyes and some of my gothic clothes.	I suppose I will just use some black/red eyeshadow for her beautiful eyes and some of my gothic clothes.
She is e-mailing me a lot because she is very curious about what I'm preparing.	She is e-mailing me a lot because she is very curious about what I'm preparing.
I'm glad she is excited about the party too.	I'm glad she is excited about the party, too.
We have been really sad these past weeks and I think this party will be a good way to have fun and forget about our problems.	We have been really sad these past weeks, and I think this party will be a good way to have fun and forget about our problems.
I haven't decided what I'll prepare for me yet.	I haven't decided what I'll prepare for myself yet.
I only know I will wear a beautiful and amazing leather dress and maybe some spike bracelets.	I only know I will wear a beautiful and amazing leather dress and maybe some spike bracelets.
Maybe I can borrow some more accesories for my other friends, we will see...	Maybe I can borrow some more accessories from my other friends, we will see...
Maybe I can borrow some more accesories for my other friends, we will see...	Maybe I can borrow some more accessories for my other friends. We will see...
I hope everything goes well and we have fun :P.	I hope everything goes well and we have fun :P.
Bye byeeeeeee	Bye byeeeeeee
It's Snowing	It's Snowing
It snowed all day long.	It snowed all day long.
Everybody was really happy because it's really strange to see snow in Barcelona but it was cold and I couldn't do anything interesting.	Everybody was really happy because it's really strange to see snow in Barcelona, but since it was cold I couldn't do anything interesting.
So, I stayed all day long in my room.	So, I stayed in my room all day long.
I spent the day drawing cute things and playing videogames online with my friends.	I spent the day drawing cute things and playing videogames online with my friends.
It was kind of sad.	It was kind of sad.
I don't like being in home all day long because whenever I do that I think too muuuuuch and it's problematic.	I don't like staying home all day long because whenever I do that I think too muuuuuch and it's problematic.
I don't like being in home all day long because whenever I do that I think too muuuuuch and it's problematic.	I don't like being home all day long because whenever I do that I think too muuuuuch and it's problematic.
I'm not studying as much as I would like to, I should put more effort!	I'm not studying as much as I would like to, I should put in more effort!
that's why today I'm writing a little bit in English.	That's why I'm writing a little bit in English today.
I will improve ò_ó.	I will improve ò_ó.
I should do the same in Japanese but I was feeling laaaaaaaaazy.	I should do the same in Japanese but I was feeling laaaaaaaaazy.
Bye bye	Bye bye
Maybe I will write more tomorrow.	Maybe I will write more tomorrow.
I am new to this!!	I am new to this!!
Hi!!	Hi!!
I´am kathy I like to learn more of english can help me	I´am kathy I like to learn more of english can help me
Is it correct? I hope you enjoy it 	Is it correct? I hope you enjoy it 
I used to be a 30 years boy girlfriend I was used to hear critics about   the  age difference, but I was getting used to a boring life it was a familiar life but not so funny and I got used to get insatisfaction with the relationship each time more; I loved him but the different interests were taking importance and I started to need several changes for make my life  more interesting and fuller to my personality.	I used to be a 30 years boy girlfriend I was used to hear critics about   the  age difference, but I was getting used to a boring life it was a familiar life but not so funny and I got used to get insatisfaction with the relationship each time more; I loved him but the different interests were taking importance and I started to need several changes for make my life  more interesting and fuller to my personality.
I was in high school i used to date him at weekends because i used to do lots of activities from monday to friday and then I started University and knew a new world that involved me in my major of Biology.	I was in high school i used to date him at weekends because i used to do lots of activities from monday to friday and then I started University and knew a new world that involved me in my major of Biology.
So that, the problems started to become harder to me.	So that, the problems started to become harder to me.
That was because I met a guy I liked him but I tought he didn´t like me; I tried to be faithful and I got it but finally i gave up and I told to my "now" exboyfriend we have to break up and I felt very bad because I was letting him alone with his mom´s disease.	That was because I met a guy I liked him but I tought he didn´t like me; I tried to be faithful and I got it but finally i gave up and I told to my "now" exboyfriend we have to break up and I felt very bad because I was letting him alone with his mom´s disease.
It did´nt matter I left him  I have given to him lots of opportunities and it was very necessary for make me feel freedom and hapinesss again although I´ll have to spend more time loooking for it.	It did´nt matter I left him  I have given to him lots of opportunities and it was very necessary for make me feel freedom and hapinesss again although I´ll have to spend more time loooking for it.
Fortunately with my friends help I could get used to look again for my new and very wished life style; they were planning something else to make me think in the guy I mentioned at the beginning and I finally found what I really needed.	Fortunately with my friends help I could get used to look again for my new and very wished life style; they were planning something else to make me think in the guy I mentioned at the beginning and I finally found what I really needed.
I would´ve rather to have had another way to break up with my exboyfriend but at the end it seems to be getting easier each day and after all the insults he told me I´ve forgiven him and he´s getting used to be responsible from the actions he does.	I would´ve rather to have had another way to break up with my exboyfriend but at the end it seems to be getting easier each day and after all the insults he told me I´ve forgiven him and he´s getting used to be responsible from the actions he does.
the end 	the end 
I hope it was interesting to you my story...	I hope it was interesting to you my story...
And I hope you could correct it, if you want you can contact me.	And I hope you could correct it, if you want you can contact me.
Bye sincerely Luz(skylight)	Bye sincerely Luz(skylight)
Have fun every time you can	Have fun every time you can
PLease contact me	PLease contact me
I want to talk with people whose first language is English...	I want to talk with people whose first language is English...
Dates that are important for me.	Dates that are important for me.
My birthday because sometimes my family and me meet us.	My birthday because sometimes my family and I meet.
They celebrate my birthday first with a song, is "happy birthday to you.." then everybody eat a piece of cake.	They celebrate my birthday first with a song"Happy Birthday" then everybody eats a piece of cake.
Other important day is Christmas, because I'm vacation and my friends too.	The other important day is Christmas, because I'm on vacation and my friends are too.
Therefore, I go out with theirs (them?).	Therefore, I go out with them.
However, also my favorite date is maybe the first day classes, because my classmates are my friends too, and in my university the vacations long 2 months therefore I miss them.	However, my other favorite date is maybe the first day of classes, because my classmates are also my friends , and in my university the vacations last 2 months therefore I miss them.
Independece day	Independence Day
Independece day	Independence Day
In my country on September 15 is independece day.	In my country September 15 is Independence Day.
In my country on September 15 is independece day.	In my country, September 15 is Independece Day.
In my country on September 15 is independece day.	In my country, September 15 is Independence Day.
But before on September 14, the people takes to the street at night with their (theirs?) lanterns for illuminate all the street, but Why we do it?	On September 14, people take to the streets at night with their lanterns to illuminate all the streets, but why do we do it?
But before on September 14, the people takes to the street at night with their (theirs?) lanterns for illuminate all the street, but Why we do it?	But the night of September 14, the people take to the streets with lanterns and illuminate the whole street. But why do we do it?
But before on September 14, the people takes to the street at night with their (theirs?) lanterns for illuminate all the street, but Why we do it?	On September 14, the people take to the streets at night with their lanterns to illuminate the entire street. Why we do it?
Because, this represent the time (190 years ago) when a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran that night (14 September) with her lantern in her hands, she was looking citinzing for gather at plaza where the provincial councils were gathered.	Because this represents the time (190 years ago) when a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran that night (14 September) with her lantern in her hands. She was looking for citizens to gather at the plaza where the provincial councils were gathered.
Because, this represent the time (190 years ago) when a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran that night (14 September) with her lantern in her hands, she was looking citinzing for gather at plaza where the provincial councils were gathered.	Because, on this night 190 years ago, a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran through the streets with a lantern in her hands, looking for citizens to gather at the plaza where the provincial councils were gathered.
Because, this represent the time (190 years ago) when a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran that night (14 September) with her lantern in her hands, she was looking citinzing for gather at plaza where the provincial councils were gathered.	We do this because this represents the time, 190 years ago, when a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran with her lantern in her hands. She looked to gather citizens at plaza where the provincial councils gathered.
Their objetives were the desired signature.	Their objectives were the desired signatures.
Their objetives were the desired signature.	Their objectives were to pressure the councils to sign an independence act.
That night, the people were gathered with their lantern because on September 14, 1821 in my country doesn't have electricity, since that night and years after year, the people began to garnish their house with simple but beautiful lantern.	That night, the people gathered with their lanterns because on September 14, 1821 in my country there was no electricity. Since that night and year after year, people began to decorate their houses with simple but beautiful lanterns.
That night, the people were gathered with their lantern because on September 14, 1821 in my country doesn't have electricity, since that night and years after year, the people began to garnish their house with simple but beautiful lantern.	That night, the people were gathered with their lanterns because on September 14, 1821 my country didn't have electricity, and since that night, year after year, people have garnished their houses with simple but beautiful lanterns.
That night, the people were gathered with their lantern because on September 14, 1821 in my country doesn't have electricity, since that night and years after year, the people began to garnish their house with simple but beautiful lantern.	That night, the people gathered with their lanterns because on September 14, 1821, my country didn't have electricity. Since that night, year after year, people garnish their homes with simple, but beautiful lanterns.
End of last century that parades taked popularity and the parades with lantern were sensation for celebrate our(ours?) independece day.	At the end of the last century those parades gained popularity and the parades with lanterns have become a sensation to celebrate our independence day.
End of last century that parades taked popularity and the parades with lantern were sensation for celebrate our(ours?) independece day.	Toward the end of the last century parades gained popularity and Independence Day parades using lanterns became a sensation.
End of last century that parades taked popularity and the parades with lantern were sensation for celebrate our(ours?) independece day.	At the end of last century, parades became popular, and the parade with lanterns is a celebration for our Independence Day.
For example,  yesterday, I went to parade, and I watched many lanterns, beautiful and originals lanterns, also I watched many drums.	For example, yesterday I went to a parade, and I saw many lanterns, beautiful and original lanterns, and many drums.
For example,  yesterday, I went to parade, and I watched many lanterns, beautiful and originals lanterns, also I watched many drums.	For example, yesterday, I went to a parade, and I saw many beautiful and original lanterns, also I saw many drums.
For example,  yesterday, I went to parade, and I watched many lanterns, beautiful and originals lanterns, also I watched many drums.	Yesterday, I went to the parade, and I saw many beautiful and originals lanterns. Also I watched many people play drums.
The last night was incredible because it had fireworks..	Last night was incredible because there were fireworks.
The last night was incredible because it had fireworks..	Last night was also incredible because it had great fireworks..
The last night was incredible because it had fireworks..	The last night was incredible because it also had fireworks.
Hi again	Hi again
Ok, I´m here again because I want to learn English, and I think that this time I will can.	Ok, I´m here again because I want to learn English, and I think that I will be able to do so.
Hum, I don´t have any idea I can to write in this page but I know that I neet to practis my redaction because is very funny meet different people that write in other idiom, hehe.	Hum, I don´t have any idea how I can write on this page but I know that I need to practice my redaction because it is very funny to meet different people who write in other languages, hehe.
Hum, I don´t have any idea I can to write in this page but I know that I neet to practis my redaction because is very funny meet different people that write in other idiom, hehe.	Hum, I don´t have any idea what to post, but I know that I neet to practice my writing because it is very funny meeting different people that write in other languages, hehe.
And may be If I learn English and I save money I could visit Canada.	And may be if I learn English and save money, I could visit Canada.
And may be If I learn English and I save money I could visit Canada.	And maybe If I learn English and save money I can visit Canada.
My purpuse in this year is writing, understanding and speaking English so that when I visit this places I could eat at least, hehehe n_n!!!!	My resolution for this year is to write, understand and speak English so that when I visit these places I could eat at least, hehehe n_n!!!!
Pediatrics	Pediatrics
Ok, I will write about my day.	Ok, I will write about my day.
I´m study medicine in the UNAM but now I´m practice in the hospital.	I´m studying medicine at the UNAM, but now I´m practicing in the hospital. --- When you say "I am" or "I'm," your verb needs to end with an "ing."
I take class in the hospital and I´m two weeks in the service and chage for two weeks in the other service, for example: I was 2 weeks in dysplasias an today changed for Pediatrics.	I take class in the hospital and I´m two weeks in the service and chage for two weeks in the other service, for example: I was 2 weeks in dysplasias an today changed for Pediatrics.
I love my carrea, and I like to learn a lot of things about the body and diseases but I have a problem, I can´t with the childrens because is too dificult for me, I feel that the babys are a different species because they are totally diferent that the adults.	I love my career and I like to learn a lot of things about the body and diseases, but I have a problem. I can´t ???Can't what??? with the children because is too difficult for me. I feel that babies are a different species because they are totally diferent that adults.
The palogiest and the treatment are diferent, you can´t use the same medicine for the adult, I have a kind example:	The ?palogiest? and the treatment are different. You can´t use the same medicine for the adult. I have an example: --- Que quiere decir la palabra "palogiest?"
When a man has a headache you can moreless know the reazon, may is a migrane, stress, hipertension, healt problems...	When a man has a headache you can more or less know the reason, maybe a migraine, stress, hypertension, health problems...
ect but, when the chaild has headaches you have a lot of problmes, fist the childrens not always talk with the doctors, rarely the child tells you the intensity of pain or whats happen in the school, maybe he fell when he ran in the garden, but he doesn´t want to say because he feel that he will have problemes, I don´t know .	etc. But, when the child has headaches you have a lot of problems. First, the children do not always talk with the doctors, children will rarely tell you the intensity of pain or what happens in school. Maybe the child fell when he ran in the garden, but he doesn´t want to say because he feels that he will have problems, I don´t know .
Pherhaps I´m the problem, hehehe, but is true, I can´t with Pediatrics, I prefer de adults and elderly.	Perhaps I´m the problem, hehehe, but is true, I can´t ?????? with Pediatrics, I prefer adults and the elderly. --- You need another verb with can't. You can't what?
Maybe I need to live a long time in this area for to understand and love it too	Maybe I need to live a long time in this area to understand and love it too.
I don`t like the exams	I don`t like the exams
Tomorrow I will have a oral exam but I don`t have any idea what I can to talk.	Tomorrow I will have an oral exam but I don`t have any idea what to talk about.
I dont like the exams,especially when the exams are orale and in English.	I dont like exams,especially when the exams are oral and in English.
I´m studing medicine and all the time I resolve the exams, I have a problem with this, when I need to resolve one I can´t because I´m very nervous.	I´m studying medicine and all the time I answer exams, I have a problem with this, when I need to answer one I can´t because I´m very nervous.
Hahaha, I don`t have any problems with my pacientes, I can talk with them and resolve their questions, I can review their clinical history and give a diagnostic.	Hahaha, I don`t have any problems with my patients, I can talk with them and solve their questions, I can revise their clinical history and give a diagnostic.
But when I take a sit  and I need to reply a exam, upsss u_u!!	But when I take a sit and I need to answer an exam, upsss u_u!!
I know nothing.	I know nothing.
I should to visit a Psicologist, I think that the problem is with me.	I should visit a phsychologist, I think that the problem is me.
Maybe I have this problem because I want to do this perfect and instead of calm, just thinking about not having mistakes.	Maybe I have this problem because I want to do this perfect and instead of calming down, I just think about not having mistakes.
I only wish that my readers don´t have this problem	I only wish that my readers don´t have this problem
Bye	Bye
My favorite hero	My favorite hero
This text is because I need to do the English homework about	This text is because I need do the English homework about
"my favorite hero" and I need a cute person who wants to correct my mistakes.	"my favorite hero" and I need a cute person who wants correct my mistakes.
Afert to start I need to write: thanks for your time.	Beforestart I need write: thanks for your time.
After thinking, I want to write about Batman, what is the reason that I select this personage:	After thought, I want write about Batman, which is the reason why I select this personage:
I think that he is the only hero that he doesn´t need super power for fight with villains.	I think that he is the only hero that doesn´t need super powersto fight agains villains.
He has a reason for which to figth for justice, because he lost his parents in the dark nigth when the Joker killed the Bruce's parents and he only wants revenge, I think that if I will be he, I fall in the drugs but he doesn´t use, hahaha :-P	He has a reason to fight for justice, because he lost his parents in the dark night when the Joker killed the Bruce's parents and he only wants revenge, I think that, if I could be him, probably, I could fall into drugs but he didn't, hahaha :-P
When he was young he trained his body and his mind only because he know that he going to retur he will use it.	When he was young he trained his body and his mind just because he knew that he was able to return and use that.
He use her intelligent, science and tecnoogy for resolve the crimes.	He use his intelligence, science and tecnology for solve the crimes.
and the most important, he is hansome and he has a perfect body.	and the most important, he is handsome and has a perfect body.
hahaha	hahaha
But I think that not everything in life is perfect, because I belive that he is gay because when he sees a woman he disapearing.	But I think that not everything in life is perfect, because I belive that he is gay because when he sees a woman he disapears.
i`m traying learn English	I'm trying to learn English
hello!!	Hello!!
My name is Maira and in this moment i´m leaning English.	My name is Maira and in this moment I'm leaning English. 
I know that the English is very importa for my live and i want to learn but...	I know that English is very important for mylife and I want to learn but...
i´m sucks because i try and try I have to study for 3 years but i can´t lean, i think that the English is no for me, hahaha n_n!!!!	I'm stuckbecause I try and try, andI have studied for 3 years butI can´t lean, I think that English is not for me, hahaha n_n!!!!
, i hope that in this page i will can learn more than in my English class (hahahaha).	I hope that in this page I will can learn more than in my English class (hahahaha).
see you and thanks for your time	See you and thanks for your time.
Haiti earthquake 	Haiti earthquake 
Hum...	Hum...
This is tomorrow's homework, please, could you help me with some mistakes?	This is tomorrow's homework, please, could you help me with some mistakes?
My final examen is in two days, I'm really nervous	My final examen is in two days, I'm really nervous
Haiti earthquake 	Haiti earthquake 
Haiti last earthquake was on January 12th, 2010, at 04:53 pm; its epicenter was near Léogâne, approximately 25 km east of Port-Au-Prince.	Haiti's last earthquake was on January 12th, 2010, at 04:53 pm; its epicenter was near Léogâne, approximately 25 km east of Port-au-Prince.
Haiti has been a very poor country that is located in a hug vulnerable place in Central America, between Caribbean Sea and North Atlantic Ocean.	Haiti is a very poor country that is located in a hugely vulnerable place in Central America, between the Caribbean Sea and North Atlantic Ocean.
This country has a history of earthquakes, hurricanes and cyclones, and many fights because they were a monarchy after a French colony.	This country has a history of earthquakes, hurricanes and cyclones, and much fighting because of the monarchy they had after being a French colony.
Most of the houses were very weak, so they went destroyed.	Most of the houses were very weak, so they were destroyed.
They neither have an enough strong government to confront the terrible disaster	They also didn't have a strong enough government to confront the terrible disaster.
Many buildings collapsed, like the hospital, the harbor and the trade centers, so did the telephonic lines, roads and most of the structures.	Many buildings collapsed, like the hospital, the harbor and the trade centers, as did the telephone lines, roads and most of the structures.
There are thousands of casualties, missing people, and even if many countries are sending help, and numerous people around the world are organizing campaigns, the disaster would claim between 100,000 to 200,000 lives.	There are thousands of casualties and missing people. Even though many countries are sending help, and numerous people around the world are organizing campaigns, the disaster has claimed between 100,000 to 200,000 lives.
The Haitian authorities confirmed that they had buried 150,000 people twelve days after the earthquake.	The Haitian authorities confirmed that they had buried 150,000 people twelve days after the earthquake.
Public figures died, like the Archbishop of Haiti, Haitian blue helmets lieder and musicians.	Public figures died, like the archbishop of Haiti, the Haitian Blue Helmets leader and musicians.
In my opinion, I think it is a very pitiful event, because Haiti was a broke country whose economy has never been good, and this disaster just difficult the situation.	In my opinion, it is a very pitiful event, because Haiti is a broke country whose economy has never been good, and this disaster is even more difficult in that situation.
Now, the country has to start again, organize a new government, heal people and restructure the city, with all the help, I hope for the best, because they all need a new opportunity.	Now the country has to start again, organize a new government, heal people and restructure the city. With all the help they're getting, I hope for the best, because they all need a new opportunity.
However, the international aid makes us understand that when we help each other, especially in times of need and when the nature is not as peaceful as usually, we can build a better world.	However, the international aid makes us understand that when we help each other, especially in times of need and when the nature is not as peaceful as it usually is, we can build a better world.
Controversial Issues	Controversial Issues
That's the tittle of the unit that we are studying in my English class, very complicated...	That's the tittle of the unit that we are studying in my English class, very complicated...
if it is difficult to discuss that kind of topics in my own language, imagine discussing it in a foreign one!	if it is difficult to discuss that kind of topics in my own language, imagine discussing it in a foreign one!
:/ ah...	:/ ah...
I can survive.	I can survive.
Before I forgott it, I write a paragraph of "Personal Opinion" about the last reading we had:	Before I forgott it, I write a paragraph of "Personal Opinion" about the last reading we had:
In my opinion, it was a very interesting and unique discovery, because fossils are important for us to identify new details about ancient plants and animals.	In my opinion, it was a very interesting and unique discovery, because fossils are important for us to identify new details about ancient plants and animals.
A complete forest preserved in time is something that could transform our vision of that period, and it permits investigators to know what caused the decrease of some of those species.	A complete forest preserved in time is something that could transform our vision of that period, and it permits investigators to know what caused the decrease of some of those species.
I couldn’t agree more with the paleobotanic that believes we have a big opportunity to know how carbon dioxide affected the 300 million years ago atmosphere.	I couldn’t agree more with the paleobotanic that believes we have a big opportunity to know how carbon dioxide affected the 300 million years ago atmosphere.
I’m for investigations, but people that go there also have to be careful, they need to use correct protection.	I’m for investigations, but people that go there also have to be careful, they need to use correct protection.
Also we have to talk about problems in the world (yes, very difficult topics for this month.)	Also we have to talk about problems in the world (yes, very difficult topics for this month.)
A friend of mine and I decided to talk about poverty in Haiti.	A friend of mine and I decided to talk about poverty in Haiti.
Today we had an exposition.	Today we had an exposition.
Could you help us with the writing part?	Could you help us with the writing part?
Poverty in Haiti	Poverty in Haiti
We all know that poverty is a huge problem in Haiti.	We all know that poverty is a huge problem in Haiti.
But, why does it happen?	But, why does it happen?
Let's review Haiti's history.	Let's review Haiti's history.
Haiti was a French colony.	Haiti was a French colony.
Their independence brought a revolution that destroyed the country, then they had to pay a large indemnity and were occupied  by the United States.	Their independence brought a revolution that destroyed the country, then they had to pay a large indemnity and were occupied  by the United States.
The governments that followed independence were unstable.	The governments that followed independence were unstable.
They are in a huge vulnerable place in Central America, Haiti’s last earthquake is one disaster in their natural disasters record.	They are in a huge vulnerable place in Central America, Haiti’s last earthquake is one disaster in their natural disasters record.
Most people don’t have water or electricity systems, medical assistance or education.	Most people don’t have water or electricity systems, medical assistance or education.
Lots of people don’t learn to write and they can’t afford to pay even for very basic necessities.	Lots of people don’t learn to write and they can’t afford to pay even for very basic necessities.
Before the tragedy, the poorest people had to eat mud cookies to survive.	Before the tragedy, the poorest people had to eat mud cookies to survive.
Now they have international help, but a new problem is who can take care of Orphan children.	Now they have international help, but a new problem is who can take care of Orphan children.
Some solutions are that Haitians deserve to have an effective farming service to work because they need to sustain themselves.	Some solutions are that Haitians deserve to have an effective farming service to work because they need to sustain themselves.
Deforestation need to be stopped, because it made the impact of natural disasters worse.	Deforestation need to be stopped, because it made the impact of natural disasters worse.
And finally but very important, they need education and access to basic necesities.	And finally but very important, they need education and access to basic necesities.
Thanks for reading, I owe you one!	Thanks for reading, I owe you one!
Day of the wheels... what?	Day of the wheels... what?
That was a weird homework.	That was a weird homework assignment.
We have to invent a holiday...	We have to invent a holiday...
and a country where it takes place.	and a country where it takes place.
I decided to invent "The day of the wheels" (and I need ideas for the weird country's name U.	I decided to invent "The day of the wheels" (and I need ideas for the weird country's name U.
u) 	u) 
Please help me~ ówò	Please help me~ ówò
What do people wear?	What do people wear?
They wear informal clothes with wheels stamps, the most enthusiastic people uses wheels like belts.	They wear informal clothes with pictures of wheels on them, and the most enthusiastic people uses wheels like belts.
What do people eat or dance?	What do people eat or dance?
People eat Donuts and all types of food in a circular way, they dance in circles.	People eat Donuts and all types of circular food , and they dance in circles.
Actually, it's funny.	Actually, it's funny.
How this holiday started?	How was this holiday started? - or - How did this holiday start?
Is it the same now or did it change?	Is it the same now or did it change?
People used to make picnics and march in small parades.	People used to have picnics and march in small parades.
Nowadays, it is the same.	Nowadays, it is the same.
How does it began?	How did it begin?
It started in my country as a decree, people wanted to create a holiday, so they decided to create that holiday.	It started in my country as a decree, people wanted to create a holiday, so they decided to create that holiday.
The wheels are important to everyday life.	The wheels are important to everyday life.
:) thanks for reading ^^U	:) thanks for reading ^^U
Renoir's Art	Renoir's Art
That is the topic for my reading report =w= now, in Intermediate 4, things are more difficult :D but I know I can do it!	That is the topic for my reading report =w= now, in Intermediate 4, things are more difficult :D but I know I can do it!
Oh, the picture is Lunchean of the boating Party, a famous Renoir 	Oh, the picture is Lunchean of the boating Party, a famous Renoir 
First, my summary	First, my summary
Renoir was a pioneer of Impressionism, and after finishing Luncheon of the Boating Party, one of his famous paintings, he travelled to Italy.	Renoir was a pioneer of Impressionism, and after finishing Luncheon of the Boating Party, one of his famous paintings, he travelled to Italy.
He wanted to view the Renaissance art.	He wanted to view the Renaissance art.
He realized that he didn’t know to paint or draw as well as those artists, so he started to change his style.	He realized that he didn’t know to paint or draw as well as those artists, so he started to change his style.
He his last period, he focused in the body’s form, not so much in the play of light.	He his last period, he focused in the body’s form, not so much in the play of light.
He painted nudes, fat woman, he dedicated to the body’s form.	He painted nudes, fat women, he dedicated to the body’s form.
Many people criticize his new paintings, saying that the undressed overweight people and his other works didn’t belong to good art and even excluding his last art from exhibitions.	Many people criticize his new paintings, saying that the undressed overweight people and his other works didn’t belong to good art and even excluding his last piece from exhibitions.
But maybe Renoir’s art could had influence on Picasso and other artists, and hadn’t the acknowledgment it deserved.	But maybe Renoir’s art could had influence on Picasso and other artists, and hadn’t the acknowledgment it deserved.
People bought his canvases and there were some expositions about his last epoch, which was controversial.	People bought his canvases and there were some expositions about his last epoch, which was controversial.
The last period of Renoir was dedicated to technique, his portraits weren’t very interested in reality, he painted indoors and also he used members of his surroundings (his children, and the housekeeper) as models.	The last period of Renoir was dedicated to technique, his portraits weren’t very interesting in reality, he painted indoors and also he used members of his surroundings (his children, and the housekeeper) as models.
He decided to paint until the end of his life, even if he was in a wheelchair.	He decided to paint until the end of his life, even if he was in a wheelchair.
He dreamed that the beauty of his paintings could stay through the years, even if he weren’t there.	He dreamed that the beauty of his paintings could stay through the years, even if he weren’t there.
Now...	Now...
personal opinion	personal opinion
In my opinion, he could transform his method caused by many things in his private life.	In my opinion, he could transform his method caused by many things in his private life.
His trip was a very important hit, he discovered the Renaissance art, and we changed from outdoors portraits to indoors ones, and wanted to draw with a good technique.	His trip was a very important hit, he discovered the Renaissance art, and we changed from outdoors portraits to indoors ones, and wanted to draw with a good technique.
Additionally, he was a father, so he started to paint his surroundings.	Additionally, he was a father, so he started to paint his surroundings.
In his last period, he had arthritis, and he preferred to walk instead of paint, because he was dedicated to his art, maybe he wanted to show the strong of a body, because he was losing it.	In his last period, he had arthritis, and he preferred to walk instead of paint, because he was dedicated to his art, maybe he wanted to show the strong of a body, because he was losing it.
Showing his latest portraits is a good way to recognize that he was a good artist, and he could reinvent him, and inspired other ones with a new style.	Showing his latest portraits is a good way to recognize that he was a good artist, and he could reinvent him, and inspired other ones with a new style.
Can you help me, please?	Can you help me, please?
^^ Thank you so much for reading	^^ Thank you so much for reading
It's me again! ¬w¬	It's me again! ¬w¬
^<^ Hi!	^<^ Hi!
I was reading an article for an exposition, but there are some words that I can't understand, could you help me with their meanings?	I was reading an article for an exposition, but there are some words that I can't understand, could you help me with their meanings?
[acid-stained deal-topped table] -> (?)	[acid-stained deal-topped table] -> (?)
context -> "The chemical corner and the acid-stained deal-topped table....	context -> "The chemical corner and the acid-stained deal-topped table....
The diagrams, the violin case, and the pipe rack.” Watson’s stuffy bedroom was one flight up, crammed with medical paraphernalia and case notes	The diagrams, the violin case, and the pipe rack.” Watson’s stuffy bedroom was one flight up, crammed with medical paraphernalia and case notes
Thank you very much!	Thank you very much!
:D	:D
A short paragraph	A short paragraph
Please I need help with these paragraphs o.	Please, can you help me with these paragraphs?
O They are about an article wich title was "Forest Primeval", well, is the part of "Personal Opinion"	O They are about an article whose title was "Forest Primeval". This is the "Personal Opinion" part.
In my opinion, it was a very interesting and unique discovery, because fossils are important for us to identify new details about ancient plants and animals.	In my opinion, it was a very interesting and unique discovery, because fossils are important to help us identify new details about ancient plants and animals.
A complete forest preserved in time is something that could transform our vision of that period, and it permits investigators to know what caused the decrease of some of those species.	A complete forest preserved in time is something that could transform our vision of that period, and it permits investigators to know what caused the decrease of some of those species.
I couldn’t agree more with the paleobotanic that believes we have a big opportunity to know how carbon dioxide affected the 300 million years ago atmosphere.	I couldn’t agree more with the paleobotanist who believes we have a big opportunity to know how carbon dioxide affected the atmosphere 300 million years ago .
I’m for investigations, but people that go there also have to be careful, they need to use correct protection.	I’m all for investigations, but people who go there also have to be careful; they need to use correct protection.
A new week...	A new week...
Hi!	Hi!
I have already finished the magazine articles I had to read.	I have already finished the magazine articles I had to read.
The last one was about lions, a little boring, but there were interesting details about them and their relation with people.	The last one was about lions, a little boring, but there were interesting details about them and their relation with people.
Well, tomorrow I am starting classes in a new faculty, because I had to choose a summer course, but it's a new place, new people, I'm a bit worried.	Well, tomorrow I am starting classes in a new faculty, because I had to choose a summer course, but it's a new place, new people, so I'm a bit worried.
Well, tomorrow I am starting classes in a new faculty, because I had to choose a summer course, but it's a new place, new people, I'm a bit worried.	Well, tomorrow I am starting classes in a new faculty, because I had to choose a summer course, I'm a bit worried about the new place and meeting new people.
Appart of that, I have to create an sketch with a friend, it's for an exposition, we are going to "act" Phineas Gage's article.	Apart from that, I have to create an sketch with a friend. It's for an exposition; we are going to "act" Phineas Gage's article.
Appart of that, I have to create an sketch with a friend, it's for an exposition, we are going to "act" Phineas Gage's article.	Appart from that, I have to create a sketch with a friend, which is for an exposition, we are going to "act" Phineas Gage's article.
Ok, maybe it can be funny.	Ok, maybe it can be funny.
So...	So...
Let's hope the best	Let's hope for the best
Thanks for reading :)	Thanks for reading :)
...and I come back :D	...and I come back :D
Hi!	Hi!
Yes, It's been a while since my last post, but I'm studying english again, now in Intermediate 5 and I need your help :,D	Yes, It's been a while since my last post, but I'm studying English again, now in Intermediate 5, and I need your help :,D
Oh, I don't know how to start the report; meanwhile I can tell you what I've been doing.	Oh, I don't know how to start the report; meanwhile I can tell you what I've been doing.
I'm going to receive the results of my final exams tomorrow (well, some tomorrow, some next Wednesday) and I'm really nervous...	I'll get the results of my final exams tomorrow (well, some tomorrow, some next Wednesday) and I'm really nervous...
I really hope they could be good...	I really hope they're good...
I have some homework for tomorrow, an exposition...	I have some homework for tomorrow, an exposition...
and I have to learn Pascal!	and I have to learn Pascal!
(yeah, the computer language) 	(yeah, the computer language) 
That's a lot of work!	That's a lot of work!
Please, could you help me with the report?	Please, could you help me with the report?
The world’s largest fossil wilderness	The world’s largest fossil wilderness
Riola and Vermilion Grove are coal mines in eastern Illionois.	Riola and Vermilion Grove are coal mines in eastern Illionois.
It is very common to find fossils in mines, because coal is no other thing that the decomposition of animals and plants, and they can leave their imprints on the mine material.	It is very common to find fossils in mines, because coal is nothing but the decomposition of animals and plants, and they can leave their imprints on the material.
Even that, when the mine began to be investigated by John Nelson and Scott Elrick, more and more fossils were discovered, so they thought there wasn’t a coincidence and they called specialists.	However, when the mine began to be investigated by John Nelson and Scott Elrick, more and more fossils were discovered, so they thought there wasn’t a coincidence and they called specialists.
They discovered something amazing: it was an entirely forest, which could have been buried because of an earthquake, conserved in time.	They discovered something amazing: it was entirely a forest, which could have been buried because of an earthquake, conserved in time.
All the vegetation and the species are there, leaving a very complete panorama of what happened approximately 300 million years ago.	All the vegetation and the species are there, leaving a very complete panorama of what happened approximately 300 million years ago.
In that antique forest, there were lots of lycopsids, which were big scaly plants that looked like asparagus spears.	In that antique forest, there were lots of lycopsids, which were big scaly plants that looked like asparagus spears.
There were calamites and seed ferns as well, but not too many animal fossils.	There were calamites and seed ferns as well, but not too many animal fossils.
Something really important of these fossil wilderness is that most of the species found there practically disappeared, and that could be caused by a change in that antique atmosphere.	Something really important about these fossil wilderness is that most of the species found there practically disappeared, and that could be caused by a change in that antique atmosphere.
It can help us to know how carbon dioxide could have affected the earth, and how can it affect us nowadays, when it increases because of the burning of fossil fuels.	It can help us to know how carbon dioxide could have affected the earth, and how can it affect us nowadays, when it increases because of the burning of fossil fuels.
Oh, I haven't corrected it, please forgive some silly mistakes ^^U	Oh, I haven't corrected it, please forgive some silly mistakes ^^U
Now...	Now...
I have the personal opinion...	I believe that
maybe I can post it tomorrow	maybe I can post it tomorrow.
Thanks for reading!	Thanks for reading!
ANGELA -CHILE	ANGELA -CHILE
hello, my name is angela carrasco	hello, my name is angela carrasco
I'm from santiago of chile.	I'm from Santiago, Chile. 
help me!!	help me!!
my englisg is very bad, i need to learn it, very fast, some idea?	my English is very bad, i need to learn it, very fast, some ideas?
the other day	the other day
The other day some relatives came to visit us, one day after breakfast  my parents and i went to pick them up at the hotel they were staying and then we went to a lake near the city, it's about 2 hours from the city,  we stayed a while, and after a ride  on boat we went to  eat in a restaurant in a town near the city, it took us about 3 hours to get there because of the traffic and some rapairs of the highway, but it worthed it,  we  ate something called “Birria”, it's basically  meat of sheep in soup but it's very good though.	The other day some relatives came to visit us. After breakfast my parents and i went to pick them up from the hotel where they were staying and then we went to a lake near the city.It's about 2 hours from the city. We stayed for a while, and after a ride on a boat we went to eat in a restaurant in a town near the city. It took us about 3 hours to get there because of the traffic and some roadworks , but it was worth it. We ate something called “Birria”, which is basically meat of sheep in soup but it's very good .
After that we return at the hotel's lobby to rest a moment, so when it was about 8 o'clock we went to a very famous bar in the city called “El Parian”,we drank some beer and talked, and around midnight we  decided to leave, and went to the hotel again but this time just to let them there and say goodbye to my cousins and uncles and we came home after that.	After that we returned to the hotel's lobby to rest for a little while. When it was about 8 o'clock we went to a very famous bar in the city called “El Parian” where we drank some beer and talked. At around midnight we decided to leave, and we went back to the hotel but this time just to drop off and say goodbye to my cousins and uncles and we came home afterwards .
It was a very long day, but it was also kinda fun.	It was a very long day, but it was also kinda fun.
identidad	identidad
no es mucho pero, entonse,soi  una persona umilde  facil de entender  y  me  gusta los libros,cuentos,etc.....	no es mucho pero, entonse,soi  una persona umilde  facil de entender  y  me  gusta los libros,cuentos,etc.....
si quieres  conoserme mejor  agrega mi msn..........	si quieres  conoserme mejor  agrega mi msn..........
adalverto01@hotmail.	adalverto01@hotmail.
com	com
First trial	First trial
This is the first time I write a text in Lang-8.	This is the first time I write a text in Lang-8.
I think this is an excel·lent opportunity to improve my english, and I hope I will be able to help others too, so they can improve their catalan or spanish.	I think this is an excel·lent opportunity to improve my english, and I hope I will be able to help others too, so they can improve their catalan or spanish.
Well, that's all for the first time.	Well, that's all for the first time.
Bye bye	Bye bye
Why do I love my city?	Why do I love my city?
Hi, 	Hi, 
My name is Emilio and I'm trying (as many others) to polish my english since it's far from perfect, there's still a lot of words that I don't understand, but this time I want to talk about my city, Tijuana.	My name is Emilio and I'm trying (as many others are) to polish my english since it's far from perfect, there's still a lot of words that I don't understand, but this time I want to talk about my city, Tijuana.
My name is Emilio and I'm trying (as many others) to polish my english since it's far from perfect, there's still a lot of words that I don't understand, but this time I want to talk about my city, Tijuana.	My name is Emilio and I'm trying (like many others) to polish my English, since it's far from perfect. There's still a lot of words that I don't understand, but this time I want to talk about my city, Tijuana.
I know that most of you may have heard about it, unfortunately the news out there about Tijuana are not the best, it's true that there's violence in here, but it's just like any other major city, we're not excempt (not sure if I'm using this work the right way) from crime, but that doesn't make Tijuana the most dangerous place on earth, as many news reporters have tried to make us believe.	I know that most of you may have heard about it, unfortunately the news out there about Tijuana is not the best, it's true that there's violence here, but it's just like any other major city, we're not free from crime, but that doesn't make Tijuana the most dangerous place on earth, as many news reporters have tried to make us believe.  
I know that most of you may have heard about it, unfortunately the news out there about Tijuana are not the best, it's true that there's violence in here, but it's just like any other major city, we're not excempt (not sure if I'm using this work the right way) from crime, but that doesn't make Tijuana the most dangerous place on earth, as many news reporters have tried to make us believe.	I know that most of you may have heard about it. Unfortunately, the news about Tijuana is not the best. It's true that there's violence here, but it's just like any other major city, we're not an exception (not sure if I'm using this word the right way), but that doesn't make Tijuana the most dangerous place on earth, as many news reporters have tried to make us believe.
On the other hand, Tijuana is a city of innovation, of art, where many different cultures blend together and form a unique and different culture, rich and diverse.	In fact, Tijuana is a city of innovation, of art, where many different cultures blend together and form a unique and different culture, rich and diverse.
On the other hand, Tijuana is a city of innovation, of art, where many different cultures blend together and form a unique and different culture, rich and diverse.	On the other hand, Tijuana is a city of innovation and art, where many different cultures blend together and form a rich, unique, different and diverse culture.
I love my city and I invite you all to come down here and see for yourselves that you won't get kidnapped, robbed or killed the minute you step in, instead you'll find a very magical city.	I love my city and I invite you all to come down here and see for yourselves that you won't get kidnapped, robbed or killed the minute you step in, instead you'll find a very magical city.
I love my city and I invite you all to come down here and see for yourselves that you won't get kidnapped, robbed or killed the minute you step in, instead you'll find a very magical city.	I love my city and I invite you all to come down here and see for yourselves that you won't get kidnapped, robbed or killed the minute you arrive, instead you'll find a very magical city.
Tae Bo	Tae Bo
Today i had so much fun in my house because i gave a Tae Bo class to my mother and my sister.	Today i had so much fun in my house because i gave a Tae Bo class to my mother and my sister.
I am not an instructor but i know some basic steps and routines.	I am not an instructor but i know some basic steps and routines.
They say i could be a really good instructor, i think that would be really fun.	They say i could be a really good instructor, i think that would be really fun.
In my opinion, to usually make sports it's really good for your health.	In my opinion, to usually make sports it's really good for your health.
Go and do something health!	Go and do something health!
Hi. I'm new here	Hi. I'm new here
The principal reason of my interest to learn english is because soon my teachers are going to ask me papers in english.	The principal reason of why I'm interested in learning english is because my teachers are going to ask me to write papers in english soon.
I wish you correct my writing and everything i'd really like to learn how to write profesionally, i mean with nice words =P	I hope you can correct my writing and everything. i'd really like to learn how to write professionally, i mean with nice words =P
(how do you say goodbye nicely in letters on english?)	(how do you say goodbye nicely in letters on english?)
To chineese people	To chineese people
Hi!	Hi!
I'm looking for chineese friends because i'm going next august to study in Shanghai, I´m very excited but also worried because i don't know what will i find there.	I'm looking for chineese friends because i'm going next august to study in Shanghai, I´m very excited but also worried because i don't know what will i find there.
Hope someone can tell me wath should i expect.	Hope someone can tell me wath should i expect.
I'm mexican =)	I'm mexican =)
Advise me!	I need some advice please!
Hi!	Hi!
I write this to ask for advise.	I'm in need of some suggestions. 
What TV series in English do you recommend me?	What TV series in English could you recommend to me?
I would like to see one for learn more the accent or something like that.	I want to watch American television to work to understand and work on the accent.
Have a good day :)	Have a good day :)
Bye weekend!	Bye weekend!
Today is Sunday.	Today is Sunday.
Weekend ends :( I think this week would be a bored week.	Weekend ends :( I think this week would be a boring week.
Why?	Why?
The principal cause is that I have 3 exams so I have to study to have good grates!	The principal cause is that I have 3 exams so I have to study to have good grades!
I hope it doesn't be a long week!	I hope it won't be a long week!
Also I will missed my friend Dani because he lives in a different city than mine.	Also I will miss my friend Dani because he lives in a different city than mine.
So lucky me!	So lucky me!
:)	:)
English classes	English classes
Today, I've started new English classes.	Today, I've started new English classes.
For this course I'll go to class with a native teacher, her name is Lesley.	For this course I'll go to class with a native teacher, her name is Lesley.
She doesn't speak Spanish so I have to get used and try to entender her!	She doesn't speak Spanish so I have to get used and try to entender her!
Apart of me, there are two more girls in the class.	Apart of me, there are two more girls in the class.
I hope that I'm well in this class.	I hope that I'm well in this class.
Have a nice day!	Have a nice day!
:)	:)
loneliness 	loneliness 
It isn't easy to explain when you feel lonely but sometimes everybody i think have felt that.	It isn't easy to explain why you feel lonely but I think everybody has had that kind of feeling sometimes.
I don't know why i feel lonely if i have a great family, good friends, i do my hobbies etc.	I don't know why i feel lonely when i have a great family, good friends, my hobbies, etc.
I though that i have proved everything for feel good myself, although i have never had love!, this is the problem i think.	I think I have tried everything to feel good myself, although I have never experienced love! This is the problem, I think.
In my opinion love it's a important thing of your live although your friends say sometimes it's a shit they told me that they had a girlfriend and they couldn't do nothing that they like to do, despite of fact that i would try news experience like love!.	In my opinion love it's a important thing of your live although your friends say sometimes it's a shit they told me that they had a girlfriend and they couldn't do nothing that they like to do, despite of fact that i would try news experience like love!.
when i lack something for being happy it's when i'm in loneliness, it's terrible becuase you are sad and very negative.	When I miss something for being happy it's when I'm in loneliness, it's terrible because you feel sad and very negative.
Loneliness it's silence like if you would be in a solitary gigant countrised , sitting near of big tree while i read a book and waiting for someone but sunset  and fall the night it's cold and you don't have nobody give you hot.	Loneliness it's silence as if you are a lonely gigant countrised ?? , sitting near a big tree while reading a book and waiting for someone, but night falls as the sun goes down, it's cold and you don't have anybody to warm you up.
The first part of loneliness it's good but if loneliness extend more time the night will be terrible, dark, shadow, cold,so you feel lonely when it's night in the countryside.	The first part of loneliness it's good, but if loneliness extends longer, the night will be terrible, dark, shadowy, cold, so you feel lonely when it's night in the countryside.
definetly just the life.	Just as life is, definitely.
For my complete learning, I recorded my last post with your corrections, I hope you understand my bad pronunciation.	For my complete learning, I recorded my last post with your corrections, I hope you understand my bad pronunciation.
I'll appreciate your advice, in wich words do I have to practice more?	I'll appreciate your advice, in wich words do I have to practice more?
Thank you.	Thank you.
What other sound do you remember?	What other sounds do you remember?
It's interesting how the sounds can bring memories back.	It's interesting how sounds can bring memories back.
Thank you for listening.	Thank you for listening.
Thank you for your advice.	Thank you for your advice.
Hi everybody. I´m studyng inglish, so I need help with my homework. I speak Spanish very well, if you have problems I can help you too. Thanks!!	Hi everybody. I´m studying english, so I need help with my homework. I speak Spanish very well, if you have problems I can help you too. Thanks!!
Dear mom:	Dear mom:
I´m very happy because last week I arrive to Colombia.	I´m very happy because last week I arrived to Colombia.
This country have beautiful places to visit and people is too polite and very kind.	This country has many beautiful places to visit and the people are too polite and very kind.
Last night at the airport I lost my backpack so, I was very nervous and stressed.	Last night at the airport I lost my backpack so I was very nervous and stressed.
Suddenly a police officer gave me my bacpack with all things inside.	Suddenly a police officer gave my backpack to me with everything still inside.
I said him: Thanks a lot, this is very important to me and he answered me: Don´t worry, it´s my job and I like to help people with problems with his possessions.	I said to him "Thanks a lot, this is very important to me" and he answered "Don´t worry, it´s my job and I like to help people who have problems with their possessions".
Let me talk about Colombia: this country is localizated in South America, Colombia is bordered by Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, the Caribbean Sea, Panama; and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.	Let me talk about Colombia: this country is located in South America. Colombia is bordered by Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, the Caribbean Sea, Panama, and the Pacific Ocean to the West.
With a population of nearly 45 million people, Colombia has the 29th largest population in the world and has the third largest Spanish-speaking population in the world after Mexico and the United States.	With a population of nearly 45 million people, Colombia has the 29th largest population in the world and has the third largest Spanish-speaking population in the world after Mexico and the United States.
Weather is predominating tropical and sometimes is very hot, like some beaches of Mexico.	Weather is predominantly tropical and sometimes it is very hot, like some of the beaches in Mexico.
Colombia is divided into 32 departments and one capital district, which is treated as a department (Bogotá also serves as the capital of the department of Cundinamarca).	Colombia is divided into 32 departments and one capital district, which is treated as a department (Bogotá also serves as the capital of the department of Cundinamarca).
Departments are subdivided into municipalities.	Departments are subdivided into municipalities.
Now I´m visiting Bogotá.	Now I´m visiting Bogotá. Written this way it indicates that you were visiting another area when you wrote the first portion; like if you were keeping a travel journal and started a new day. If that is not the case you would say "I'm now visiting Bogotá"
Like Mexico city, this city have a lot of colonial buildings and beautiful streets, with French influence.	Like Mexico city, this city has a lot of colonial buildings and beautiful streets with French influence.
It was too funny for me, but in Bogotá exist a zone called "La zona rosa".	It was too funny for me, but in Bogotá there is a zone called "La zona rosa".
This area is particularly famous for restaurants and discotheques.	This area is particularly famous for restaurants and clubs.
The nightlife here is perhaps the liveliest in Bogotá.	The nightlife here is perhaps the liveliest in Bogotá.
During the day, people come to shop, and at night they come to eat, dance and have fun.	During the day, people come to shop, and at night they come to eat, dance and have fun.
Too similar like Mexico City.	Too similar like Mexico City.
Today I met a tourist guide called Juan Santos, he lives here and he promise me show me more about the history and culture of this great coutry.	Today I met a tour guide called Juan Santos, he lives here and he promised to show me more about the history and culture of this great country.
I miss you mom, next week I´ll send you some pictures of my travel.	I miss you mom, next week I´ll send you some pictures of my travel.
Bye!!	Bye!!
my hoobies	my hobbies
I love the books, the films and the music.	I love books, films and music.
I like adventure books and almoost all fimls, my favourite plan is a evening in the cinema, I like so much go concerts and listen music too.	I like adventure books and almost all films, my favourite plan is an evening at the cinema. I really like going to concerts and listening to music too.
I like adventure books and almoost all fimls, my favourite plan is a evening in the cinema, I like so much go concerts and listen music too.	I like adventure books and almost all movies. My favourite thing to do with friends is an evening at the movie theater. I really like going to concerts and listening to music, too. Or, "I love going to concerts..."
The books is a better invention than internet.	The book is a better invention than the internet.
In 70's Internet was invented.	In the 70s the Internet was invented.
Was a big invention and it changed the life of people.	It was a big invention and it changed the life of many people.
The books are very old and they are a good invention too.	Books are very old and they are a good invention too.
Internet has a lot of advantages, you can access to a lot of information and on Internet you have books too.	The Internet has a lot of advantages, you can access a lot of information and on the Internet you can read books too.
However there are desventages, for example, if you be a lot of time in front of Internet it is dangerous.	However there are disadvantages, for example, if you spend a lot of time on the Internet it is dangerous.
For other hand I think that the books have advantages too, like that you can read a book when you want and it is very funny and beneficial.	On the other hand I think that books have advantages too, like that you can read a book whenever you want and it is very funny and beneficial.
For other hand I think that the books have advantages too, like that you can read a book when you want and it is very funny and beneficial.	On the other hand, I think that books have advantages too. For example, you can read a book whenever you want and it is very fun and beneficial.
I think that the books haven't got any desventage.	I think that books don't have any disadvantages.
I think that the books haven't got any desventage.	I don't think that books have any disadvantages.
On balance I think that the both inventions are good  but Internet has got more adventages.	On balance I think that both inventions are good but the Internet has got more advantages.
On balance I think that the both inventions are good  but Internet has got more adventages.	All in all, I think that both inventions are good but the Internet has more advantages.
hi...	hi...
This is my first night trying to use it..	This is my first night to try using it. 
i need someone help me!!	i need someone to help me!!
i need someone help me!!	I need someone to help me!!
:P 	:P 
Sing	Sing
tell you the truth I do not live in a ghetto drug dealers on the corners that have the points as an amulet cinchonism rock plants in the garden are also thirteen year old kids smoke dope as in any neighborhood but believe ghost that extraordinary to have money I have seen lads my age running to the cops messing	tell you the truth I do not live in a ghetto drug dealers on the corners that have the points as an amulet cinchonism rock plants in the garden are also thirteen year old kids smoke dope as in any neighborhood but believe ghost that extraordinary to have money I have seen lads my age running to the cops messing
My first written	My first writing
Last week I was surfing the internet, I was looking for a web site that help me to improve my english, when suddenly I found this web,immediately I came to investigate into the site.	Last week I was surfing on the internet to look for a web site that can help me improve my English, when I found this web,immediately I investigated the site.
the way to learn english here is awesome, it´s simply a great idea, You can learn and teach at the same time.	the way to learn English here is awesome, it´s simply a great idea, You can both learn and teach in this site.
I want speak fluent english, and I´m sure that Lang-8 community will help me to realize that goal.	I want to speak fluent English, and I´m sure that Lang-8 community will help me to realize that goal.
Thanks for the attention.	Thanks for the attention.
Sunny day	Sunny day
Yesterday I was in a vacational centre, it was terrific!	Yesterday I was in a vacational centre, it was terrific!
there was many pools, some bigger than the other ones, I was almost all time in the biggest centre´s pool, I enjoyed a lot!.	there was many pools, some bigger than the other ones, I was almost all time in the biggest centre´s pool, I enjoyed a lot!.
I had a hard week, so I was too tired, thanks to the outing I can rest, I needed!.	I had a hard week, so I was too tired, thanks to the outing I can rest, I needed!.
The weather was fairly strange, first when I arrive to the resort was raining, nonetheless I got heat!, later the sun showed up, so the wether got more hot!, I have to put me on sunscreen to care my skin, that was usefull because I avoided burn my skin.	The weather was fairly strange, first when I arrive to the resort was raining, nonetheless I got heat!, later the sun showed up, so the wether got more hot!, I have to put me on sunscreen to care my skin, that was usefull because I avoided burn my skin.
undoubtedly was a great sunny day!!	undoubtedly was a great sunny day!!
Pursuit a dream	Pursuit of a dream
Today I have known that my university have an agreement whit an australian university, that´s awesome, I really want to study abroad,but there is a probleam, I have to speak fluent english.	Today I learned that my university has an agreement with an Australian university. That´s awesome because I really want to study abroad, but there is a problem: I have to speak fluent English.
I´m decided, I have to improve my english, that´s the only way to make real my dream...	I've decided that I have to improve my english, because that´s the only way to make my dream come true...
study abroad!!!!	study abroad!!!!
do you can give me some tips?, anything that can help me to improve my english.	Can you can give me some tips? Anything that can help me to improve my English would be helpful.
Crazy thoughts	Crazy thoughts
This is text i've written in order to test my formal english.	This is text i've written in order to test my formal english.
I'd really thank if you help me by correcting the bad expressions, just be careful and try not to confuse me.	I'd really thank if you help me by correcting the bad expressions, just be careful and try not to confuse me.
This is neither the real text nor the complete one.	This is neither the real text nor the complete one.
I'm writing it in fragments and modifying it, of course.	I'm writing it in fragments and modifying it, of course.
We're usually doing different things not to think about one single topic.	We're usually doing different things not to think about one single topic.
Can you figure someone thinking about only one theme?	Can you figure someone thinking about only one theme?
For sure that person is probably going crazy.	For sure that person is probably going crazy.
But we don't have to deal hard with this, because the current time have a great arsenal of items that get us out of the actual world.	But we don't have to deal hard with this, because the current time have a great arsenal of items that get us out of the actual world.
But, wait, because I haven't said that that necessary has to be an advantage.	But, wait, because I haven't said that that necessary has to be an advantage.
Is an advantage if we look at it from the point of the practicity.	Is an advantage if we look at it from the point of the practicity.
Everything is easier nowadays, we have access to a lot of info that people in the past didn't have.	Everything is easier nowadays, we have access to a lot of info that people in the past didn't have.
That's probably the real essence of the inventions of men since immemorable times.	That's probably the real essence of the inventions of men since immemorable times.
However, there's something that I cannot trust yet, and it's these studies that have come out about the rate of intelligence and it says that people from the present time have a higher intelligence rate.	However, there's something that I cannot trust yet, and it's these studies that have come out about the rate of intelligence and it says that people from the present time have a higher intelligence rate.
But, what about the great scientifics from the 15th 17th 18th, and so on?	But, what about the great scientifics from the 15th 17th 18th, and so on?
are we by chance smarter than then?	are we by chance smarter than then?
hell no!	hell no!
As far as I'm concerned, I don't find practicity good tool, since it feeds our lazyness.	As far as I'm concerned, I don't find practicity good tool, since it feeds our lazyness.
The people from the past didn't enjoy the Internet and maybe nice and organized libraries as we have now, it was harder for them to find anything they needed.	The people from the past didn't enjoy the Internet and maybe nice and organized libraries as we have now, it was harder for them to find anything they needed.
I cannot imagine Newton searching for the Aristotle or Da Vinci's life and works, pressing, maybe, ctrl+f so that he could find the key word on "Metaphysics".	I cannot imagine Newton searching for the Aristotle or Da Vinci's life and works, pressing, maybe, ctrl+f so that he could find the key word on "Metaphysics".
That's what makes me think they, the first scientifics, deserve more merit than any others, they had to make a REAL research, book by book, page by page, experiment after experiment.	That's what makes me think they, the first scientifics, deserve more merit than any others, they had to make a REAL research, book by book, page by page, experiment after experiment.
Practicing "such a / so" and causative	Practicing "such a / so" and causative
She is such a pretty girl	She is such a pretty girl
He's so fat	He's so fat
Maria has such a black tooth	Maria has such a black tooth
We are so late	We are so late
We have worked so hard today	We have worked so hard today
She get her tv fixed	She gets her tv fixed
She has her food cooked everyday	She has her food cooked everyday
Her children are arrived at school everyday in the morning by her brother	Her children are brought to school every day in the morning by her brother
He got his homework made	He did his homework
She has her lunch bought	She buys her lunch
Enlgish Califications	Enlgish Califications
My school has two levels of English, begginer and advance.	My school has two levels of English, begginer and advance.
I know that my English is poor but i decided to passed to the advance level this year.	I know that my English is poor, but i decided to take the advanced level this year.
I was in the first exam period of the year the last week.	I took the first set of exams of the year last week.
My last exam was of English.	My last exam was English.
It had to be "easy" because it was the first exam.	It had to be "easy" because it was the first exam.
I studied for hours because I wanted to got good points in it.	I studied for hours because I wanted to get a good grade it.
I was studing until 2 am, and the  day of the exam i was tired D: 	I was studing until 2 am, so the day of the exam i was tired D: 
But all the hours that I passed studing gave good results.	But all the hours that I studied gave good results.
I got a calification of 94/100 ;D	I got a score of 94/100 ;D
I really want to speak English like a native person and I wanna get international English certificates.	I really want to speak English like a native person and I want to get international English certificates.
Therefore, I´m looking for people who can help me to improve my English skills.	Therefore, I´m looking for people who can help me to improve my English skills.
And if you are studing Spanish or wanna learn it, i can help you (:	Also if you are studing Spanish or want to learn it, i can help you (:
Let´s study together ^^	Let´s study together ^^
Hello :D	Hello :D
This is my first time writting here :D i´m nervious because my english is poor :( but i wish you can help me to improve it (:	This is my first time writting here :D I´m nervous because my English is poor :( but I wish you can help me to improve it (:
This is my first time writting here :D i´m nervious because my english is poor :( but i wish you can help me to improve it (:	This is my first time writing here :D I am nervious because my english is poor :( but i wish you can help me improve it (:
I´m looking for people who can practice with me and exchange culture, traditions, views, and obviously, languages :)	I´m looking for people who can practice with me and share our cultures, traditions, views, and obviously, languages :)
add me on msn: eikeron@hotmail.	add me on msn: eikeron@hotmail.
com	com
or Skype: eikeron.	or Skype: eikeron.
j	j
If you need improve your spanish skill I can help you.	If you need help improving your spanish skill I can help you.
If you need improve your spanish skill I can help you.	If you need to improve your Spanish I can help you.
So, please correct my test.	So, please correct my text.
So, please correct my test.	So, please correct my text.
Bye (:	Bye (:
Carolina	Carolina
hi!	Hi!
my name is carolina i want to met people and improve my english	My name is Carolina. I want to meet people and improve my English.
Hello everybody!!!!	Hello everybody!!!!
Hi, i'm Sofia Eliet i'm learning korean lenguage because i want to go to korea in 2 years,  but first I have to go to E.	Hi, I'm Sofia Eliet. I'm learning the Korean language because I want to go to Korea in 2 years,  but first I have to go to E.
U.	U.
for speak very well English lenguage.	to learn how to speak English well.
I speak Spanish.	I speak Spanish.
let's be friends.	let's be friends.
Hello!	Hello!
I'm fine now.	I'm fine now.
but     today I  was sick all the day,  I had fever...	but     today I  was sick all the day,  I had fever...
Oh,  yes,  I  have time in the mornings, Mexico time not Korean time, ok?	Oh,  yes,  I  have time in the mornings, Mexico time not Korean time, ok?
Here is Sunday 8:10 p.m. while in korea is  10:10   a.m.  of Monday, I know korean time.	Here is Sunday 8:10 p.m. while in korea is  10:10   a.m.  of Monday, I know korean time.
Me too  I wanna talk to you,  maybe one day.	Me too  I wanna talk to you,  maybe one day.
You  wanna know when I born Year and Date??	You wanna know when Year and Date I was born??
is easy you can see: name, year, month and day    eliet 880918 , ok?	it is easy as you can see: name, year, month and day    eliet 880918 , ok?
if not  here is September 18, 1988.	if not  here is September 18, 1988.
hehe, What about you?	hehe, What about you?
I want to Know too  , tell me.	I want to Know too  , tell me.
you have  more brothers or sisters?	you have brothers or sisters?
or you are the   one?	or you are the  only one?
have a beatiful day, friend!	have a beatiful day, friend!
My Tattoo	My Tattoo
I loved Japanese culture, their customes, their food, their way of  being polite, cultured and educated.	I love Japanese culturetheir customs, their food, their way of being polite, culture and education.
When they were born twins my two girls are promised something, I promised to tattoo their names on my left arm close to my heart and I would do Japanese writing, and as I did.	When my twin girls were born I made a promise. I promised to tattoo their names on my left arm, close to my heart and I would do it in Japanese writing.
Now they are seven years old and my tattoos too.	Now my girls are seven years old and so are my tattoos .
The Beach	The Beach
Today I went to the beach, the day was fantastic and very hot, but the water was very fine, nothing is more rewardimg than a walk to the beach  in the morning first hour, or a bath late in the afternoon, but too late.	but very late, se você quis dizer "mas bem tarde"
My other lenguage	My other language
My other lenguage	My other language
In Spain, the Spanish is the oficial lenguage but also spoken other languages such as Galician, Basque and Catalan, these three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country, I have the chance to speak of them as is Catalan, is a Romance language derived from Latin, is spoken in Catalonia, Levante in the area call  Valencia, the Balearic Islands, Andorra is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France, and some in an Italian city called Alghero, is the 75 most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak.	In Spain, Spanish is the official language but there is also Galician, Basque and Catalan. These three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country .I have the chance to speak all 3 of them. As for Catalan, it is a romance language derived from Latin and is spoken in Catalonia. Levante is in the area of Valencia, the Balearic Islands, Andorra is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France, and some in an Italian city called Alghero, is the 75 most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak.
In Spain, the Spanish is the oficial lenguage but also spoken other languages such as Galician, Basque and Catalan, these three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country, I have the chance to speak of them as is Catalan, is a Romance language derived from Latin, is spoken in Catalonia, Levante in the area call  Valencia, the Balearic Islands, Andorra is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France, and some in an Italian city called Alghero, is the 75 most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak.	In Spain, Spanish is the official language but also spoken are languages such as Galician, Basque and Catalan. These three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country. I have the chance to speak some them such as Catalan, which is a Romance language derived from Latin, and is spoken in Catalonia, Levante in the area called Valencia, in the Balearic Islands, in Andorra which is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France, and some in the Italian city called Alghero speak Catalan. It is the 75th most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak it.
I leave a picture-speaking areas, and if you want more information a little more about this language I leave the link.	I leave a picture-speaking areas, and if you want a little more information about this language I will leave the link.
I leave a picture-speaking areas, and if you want more information a little more about this language I leave the link.	I leave a picture of these areas, and if you want more information about this language I leave the link.
The human towers	The human towers
The human tower or Castellers is a tradition  typical in many regions of Catalonia,consisting in building of human towers of up to several stories high can reach nine or ten stories high, in a castell involving a large group of men and women of all ages and physical complexions who train year-round for competitions and performances, the towers are going to build while the music sounds and the merit lies in downloading as some fall towers without being completed.	The human tower or Castellers is a tradition typical in many regions of Catalonia, consisting in the building of human towers of up to several stories high. They can reach nine or ten stories high, in a castell involving a large group of men and women of all ages and physical builds who train year-round for competitions and performances, the towers are built while the music plays and the merit lies in downloading as some towers fall without being completed.
 Fraternal Twins	 Fraternal Twins
I have two girls aged 7 ½ years, one called Ariadna and the other is called Laia and are my princesses.	I have two girls aged 7 ½ years, one is called Ariadna and the other is called Laia and both are my princesses.
They are fraternal twins,know what is the difference between, identical twins and fraternal twins.	They are fraternal twins, do you know what the difference is between, identical and fraternal.
The identical twins come from one single ovulate,the same placenta and have the same DNA,and they are physically identical,And the fraternal twins they come from two different ovulate and do not look alike physically,and they share 50 % of the DNA as two normal sisters.	The identical twins come from one single ovum , the same placenta and have the same DNA, and they are physically identical. Fraternal twins come from two different ovum and do not look alike physically,and they share 50 % of the DNA as two normal sisters would.
That things would change	That things would change
If you could take a step back in your life and change things would you change, for example would have happened if you had not left that relationship with that boyfriend or girlfriend, what would have happened if you had completed those studies, or if he had accepted or rejected work, what if you took that decision would have been the opposite, that of which you regret.	If you could take a step back in your life and change things, would you change? For example what would have happened if you had not left that relationship with that boyfriend or girlfriend, or what would have happened if you had completed those studies, or if he had accepted or rejected your work, what if you made that decision that would have been the opposite, of what you regret.
Any decision that you were taking exchange your lives, would run the risk, I me continue thinking it, good-bye	Any decision that you make changes your life, but you have to run the risk, I will continue thinking about it, good-bye
Barcelona part 1	Barcelona part 1
Barcelona  is a beautiful city is bathed by the Mediterranean Sea, has a good climate, not too cold in winter about 10 degrees C º average and hot in summer on average 28 º C but it is very humid making it more hot.	Barcelona is a beautiful city by the Mediterranean Sea. It has a good climate, not too cold in the winter about 10 degrees C º on average and not too hot in summer on average 28 º C, but it can become very humid, making it hotter.
This winter was an impressive snowy , to more than 40 years since not much snow, but the city was beautiful.	This winter was impressively snowy, following more than 40 years of little snow, but the city was beautiful.
The Movie	The Movie
The other day I went to the cinema to see Eclipse, I will not count the end of the movie, but it was a beautiful history of love of three young people, lately I just go to the movies with my daughters to see animated movies, !I like to see them both happy¡	The other day I went to the cinema to see Eclipse. I will not tell the end of the movie, but it was a beautiful story about the love of three young people. Lately I just go to the movies with my daughters to see animated movies. I like to see them both happy!
La Diada ( The Catalonian day )	La Diada ( The Catalonian Day )
Today is a holiday is celebrated the National Day of Catalonia, is the day that commemorates the fall and assault of Barcelona for the Spanish Bourbon troops the day September 11, 1914 after a 14-month siege in 1980 was declared a public holiday and is called Diada de Catalunya, many celebrations are held throughout the city and one of those sites is on el fossar de les moreres, is a square near the Basilica of Santa Maria, in which buried all Catalans killed in combat during the siege of the city, and in which a flame reminds us always on the Catalans fallen, or the  statue of Rafael de Casanova councilor of the city during the siege and who was wounded in combat.	Today is the National Day of Catalonia. It is the day that commemorates the fall and assault of Barcelona for the Spanish Bourbon troops on September 11, 1914 after a 14-month siege. In 1980 the day was declared a public holiday and is called Diada de Catalunya. Many celebrations are held throughout the city and one of those sites is on el fossar de les moreres. It is a square near the Basilica of Santa Maria, in which they buried all Catalans killed in combat during the siege of the city. There, you can see a flame that reminds us always on the fallen Catalans or the statue of Rafael de Casanova, councilor of the city during the siege and who was wounded in combat.
Legend of Sant George part-1	The legend of Saint George part-1
Legend of Sant George part-1	The Legend of Saint George part-1
There was a dragon that lived in a lake near a small town, the population was terrified, and to prevent anger the locals gave him two sheep every day, but the sheep are finished and the dragon gave him threatened to attack threatened the whole population.	There once was a dragon that lived in a lake near a small town. The population was terrified of it, and to prevent anger, the locals gave him two sheep every day. But they ran out of sheep so the dragon threatened to attack the whole town.
There was a dragon that lived in a lake near a small town, the population was terrified, and to prevent anger the locals gave him two sheep every day, but the sheep are finished and the dragon gave him threatened to attack threatened the whole population.	There once was a dragon that lived in a lake near a small town. The population was terrified of it, and to prevent provoking the dragon's anger the locals gave him two sheep every day. However, the day came when they ran out of sheep. The dragon then threatened to attack the whole town.
Advertising slogans 	Advertising slogans 
Advertising slogans are short and sticky phrases of frequent use in the campaigns of advertising.	Advertising slogans are short and snappy phrases frequently used in advertising campaigns.
Advertising slogans are short and sticky phrases of frequent use in the campaigns of advertising.	Advertising slogans are short phrases that stick in your mind that are used frequently in advertising campaigns.
It is the most effective way of calling the attention of a product with a phrase or a word that was staying in your memory and that was relating her always to this product.	It is the most effective way of calling attention to a product with a phrase or a word that has staying power in your memory and that will relat you always to this product.
Infinity of these phrases is to have if these you are known.	Infinity of these phrases is to have if these you are known.
Think Different  by Apple.	Think Different  by Apple.
Always CocaCola  or  Enjoy CocaCola.	Always CocaCola  or  Enjoy CocaCola.
Just do it  by Nike.	Just do it  by Nike.
Impossible is nothing by Adidas.	Nothing is impossible by Adidas.
Life's good  LG.	Life's good  LG.
Move your mind by Saab.	Move your mind by Saab.
The quality attraction by Toyota.	The quality attraction by Toyota.
I'm lovin 'it McDonalds.	I'm lovin 'it McDonalds.
It keeps going and going and going.	It keeps going and going and going.
It Keeps Going and going and going by Energizer batteries.	It Keeps Going and going and going by Energizer batteries.
The power of dreams by Honda.	The power of dreams by Honda.
Probably the best lager in the world by Carlsberg	Probably the best lager in the world by Carlsberg
And so a long list	And so on and so on.
One of Opera	One of Opera
Today I would like to talk about an opera by Umberto Giordano called Andrea Chenier, is the story of a French poet and his lover during the French Revolution, Chenier has been sentenced to the guillotine by Robespierre, in prison while awaiting his death his girlfriend Magdalena achieves an interview with her lover, helped by Gérard your friend, who tries in a final effort to save Chénier.	Today I would like to talk about an opera by Umberto Giordano called Andrea Chenier. It is the story of a French poet and his lover during the French Revolution. Chenier had been sentenced to the guillotine by Robespierre, and was in prison while awaiting his death. His girlfriend Magdalena arranges a meeting with her lover, helped by Gérard, his friend, who gives one last try to save Chénier.
The lovers meet and Magdalena incapable of living without their loved bribed a guard to replace it with a woman condemned to die the next day and when the time comes Magdalena Andrea and ascend together to the guillotine .-...	The lovers meet and Magdalena, incapable of living without their love, bribed a guard to replace her with a woman condemned to die the next day. When the time comes Magdalena and Andrea ascend together to the guillotine .-...
This is the link of the fourth act, the end act, performed by Maria Callas, if you like opera you love it, and if you do not like also, listen to the end thanks.	This is the link to the fourth act, the final act, performed by Maria Callas. If you like opera, you will love it, and if you do not like opera, also, listen to the end. Thanks.
Barcelona - 2	Barcelona - 2
Barcelona has some of the most famous monuments of Gaudi, The Sagrada Familia, Park Guell, Casa Batllo, La Pedrera, Casa Vicens, but there are Las Ramblas, The Port, The Camp Nou, Museums, The Liceo Opera, etc etc, is impossible to be bored.	Barcelona has some of the most famous monuments by Gaudi, The Sagrada Familia, Park Guell, Casa Batllo, La Pedrera, Casa Vicens, but there are also Las Ramblas, The Port, The Camp Nou, Museums, The Liceo Opera, etc etc. It is impossible to be bored.
Turandot (Nessun dorma)	Turandot (Nessun dorma)
This is an opera by Giacomo Puccini Turandot call, and one of the most beautiful arias is the Nessun dorma,which means that no one sleeps,sure is well known that you've heard and I hope you like	This song is from an opera by Giacomo Puccini called Turandot. One of the most beautiful arias is "Nessun Dorma," which means that no one sleeps. It is well known, so you have probably heard it before. I hope you like it. 
Legend: Former Beijing Princess Turandot will marry the prince who can answer three riddles that she intends, if the suitors fail responses  them will be beheaded .	Story: Turandot, the former princess of Beijing, will marry the prince who can answer three riddles that she asks; if the suitors' responses are incorrect, they will be beheaded.
The disguised Prince Calaf love Turandot manages to correctly answer the puzzles but gives you the possibility to reject , if she find out your name until the next day, if she find the name he dead.	The disguised Prince Calaf loves Turandot and manages to correctly answer the riddles, but he gives her the possibility to avoid marrying him: if she can find out what his name is by the next day, he will die.
Turandot proclaims that no one will sleep that night in the city and ordered to kill until it is found the name of the unknown.	Turandot proclaims that no one in the city will sleep that night and orders that everyone be killed if the unknown stranger's name is not discovered.
Liu who loves calaf confesses that only she knows the name but never revealed, and is sentenced to dead.	Liu, who loves Calaf, confesses that only she knows the name, but she never reveals it and is sentenced to death.
Calaf declares his love for the princess, but she asks him to leave but he denied and he confesses his nombre.	Calaf declares his love for the princess, but she asks him to leave. He refuses to and confesses his name.
Turandot touched by the sincerity and love of Calaf proclaims the name of the unknown is love.	Turandot is touched by Calaf's sincerity and love and proclaims that the name of the unknown is love.
6 Degrees of separation	6 Degrees of separation
Today I write after several days but was a little discouraged, I´m sorry.	Today I'm writing after several days, although I felt a little discouraged. I don't get the whole "discouraged" part.
6 degrees of separation it is a theory in which one tries to prove the saying of "the world is a handkerchief" or saying of other one way, that any person in the world  this one connected to any another person of the planet across an chain acquaintances of six persons (connecting two  persons with only six links of persons)that means that I am related to anyone in the world and only six people separate me, only six people separate me from Uma Thurman Huau.	The "Six degrees of separation" is a theory which tries to prove the saying, "the world is small." In other words, it posits that any person in the world is connected to any another person through a chain of six acquaintances (connecting two people with only six links of acquaintance). This means that I am related to anyone in the world through only six people, including Uma Thurman Huau.
Six_degrees_of_separation	Six_degrees_of_separation
General Strike	General Strike
Today there is a general strike in Spain.	Today there is a general strike in Spain.
Before the crisis that exists here ( The crisis is global but in Spain is noticing a lot) the government took a series of measures to try to reactivate the economy, lower the public deficit, create jobs (in Spain is more than 4 ½ million unemployed, I am one of them).	Before the crisis that exists here, (the crisis is global but in Spain is affected a lot) the government took a series of measures to try to reactivate the economy, lower the public deficit and create jobs. Spain has more than 4 ½ million unemployed; I am one of them.
But these measures have been so hard for workers, the unions agreed to a strike against these measures.	But these measures have been so hard for workers, the unions agreed to a strike against these measures.
These measures will not affect to the ministers, poor things they make very little money.	These measures will not affect the ministers, poor things, they make very little money.
The most famous movie phrases	The most famous movie phrases
I love the movies, I can not go as I wanted, but I try to watch movies the maximum possible, there are great movies and some phrases that have left us in pronouncing the title comes from the movie to mind, such as 	I love the movies, I cannot go whenever I want, but I try to watch movies as much as possible. There are great movies and some phrases that come to mind just from saying the title of the film, such as 
Play It Again Sam or We'll always have Paris.	Play It Again Sam or We'll always have Paris.
in Casablanca	in Casablanca
I'm king of the World in Titanic	I'm king of the World in Titanic
My name is Bond James Bond in 007	My name is Bond, James Bond in 007
May the Force be with you in Stars Wars	May the Force be with you in Stars Wars
¿Are you talking to me?	Are you talking to me?
in Taxi Driver	in Taxi Driver
Houston we got a problem in Apolo XIII	Houston we got a problem in Apollo XIII
Hasta la vista Baby in Terminator	Hasta la vista Baby in Terminator
I'm giving very serious thought to eating your wife in The silence of the lambs	I'm giving very serious thought to eating your wife in The silence of the lambs.
and the list goes on, and you remember that movie phrases 	and the list goes on, and you remember that movie phrases
The best chef in the world	The best chef in the world
The French cuisine has always been the best in the world and always been a reference for cooks, There is no a good cook who goes out of the kitchen school without learning the basics of French cuisine from the lists of the best chefs in the world always There are French cooks,but in recent years the Spanish chefs dominate the global cuisine, and one of the highlights Ferran Adria has been nominated during the last years the best chef in the world according to the Michelin guide, has received numerous awards, and has been home of the world's best magazines.	The French cuisine has always been the best in the world and has always been a reference for cooks, There isn't a good cook who leaves kitchen school without learning the basics of French cuisine from the lists of the best chefs in the world . There are French cooks, but in recent years the Spanish chefs dominate the global cuisine. One of the highlights is, Ferran Adria has been nominated during the last years as the best chef in the world according to the Michelin guide, and has received numerous awards, and has been home of the world's best magazines.
In the last year ten best cooks in the world, four are Spanish, Ferran Adria lost the top spot this year, but the winner was the Danish René Redzepi that he was learning in the kitchen of Ferran Adria.	This past year, four out of the ten best cooks in the world were Spanish. Ferran Adria lost the top spot this year, but the winner was the Danish René Redzepi, who was learning in the kitchen of Ferran Adria.
The Biorhythms	The Biorhythms
The biorhythms are natural cycles of energy, when we are born our energy is stable but the time pass the energy goes through periods of great energy and periods of low energia.	The biorhythms are natural cycles of energy, when we are born our energy is stable but as time passes, the energy goes through high and low periods
The periods refer to three aspects  the physical with periods of 23 days of 11 1/2 of which half are high energy and the other 11 1 / 2 are low energy, emotional periods of 28 days of which 14 are high emotional energy and 14 low energy, and intellectual lasts 33 days of which 16 1 / 2 high energy and other low energy, the ideal is to have the three highest levels at the same time but often this is not so, I hope your biorhythms are high.	The periods refer to three aspects. The physical, with periods of 23 days, half of them 11 1/2 are of high energy and the other 11 1 / 2 are low energy. The emotional aspect, with periods of 28 days of which 14 have high emotional energy and 14 low energy. And the intellectual aspect, which lasts 33 days of which 16 1 / 2 high energy The ideal is to have the three aspects at the highest levels at the same time, but often this is not so.I hope your biorhythms are high.
For more informatión.	For more information.
Blood and meal	Blood and meal
The blood bank of Catalonia, taken an initiative in which blood donors will receive a menu of four starters, cooked by the best cooks of Catalonia, including the best chef of the world Ferran Adria, instead of the typical snacks they offered is a good idea waiting to be many more donors.	The blood bank of Catalonia, has taken an initiative in which blood donors will receive a menu of four appetizers , cooked by the best cooks of Catalonia, including the world's best chef Ferran Adria, instead of the typical snacks they have offered. This is a good idea which should attract many more donors.
The dead lenguages	The dead languages.
The dead lenguages	The dead languages
They are called dead languages those who do not speak each other in any community or it is not the mother language of anybody.	They are called dead languages because nobody speaks to each other in it or it is not the mother language of anylanguage.
There are many languages or dialects that were spoken in small communities and that have eliminated because of the wars the genocides the epidemics, or simply they have disappeared because they have been absorbed by dominant languages.	There are many languages and dialects that were spoken in small communities and that have been eliminated because of wars, genocides or epidemics, or they have simply disappeared because they have been absorbed by dominant languages.
There are many languages or dialects that were spoken in small communities and that have eliminated because of the wars the genocides the epidemics, or simply they have disappeared because they have been absorbed by dominant languages.	There are many languages or dialects that were spoken in small communities and that have eliminated because of wars, epidemics, or simply have disappeared because they have been absorbed by dominant languages.
Between the dead languages known  this the Latin that even is used in religious acts or in technical terms of pharmacy or scientific, the ancient Greek, the Sanskrit, the ancient Aramaic and so a long list.	Between the dead languages known, Latin is even used in religious acts or in technical terms , the ancient Greek, Sanskrit, ancient Aramaic and so a long list.
The Esperanto is a language created in 1887 by a Polish ophthalmologist called Doctor Zamenhof and that was speaking nine languages in order which it was turning into the international and world language but I do not prosper and the English has turned into the language into the one that almost all the countries of the world can understand.	The Esperanto is a language created in 1887 by a Polish ophthalmologist called Doctor Zamenhof and he spoke nine languages. He tried turning it into the international and world language but It does not prosper and the English has turned into the language into the one that almost all the countries of the world can understand.
World day of the Alzheimer	World Alzheimer's Day
Today has not happened for my mind any  topic of which to write, the muses have left me, here in Spain it is said, I have remained in white when your mind is blocked and you cannot think and not react .	Today I can not think of any topic of which to write, the muses have left me. Here in Spain it is said, 'I have remained in white' when your mind is blocked and you cannot think and can not react .
Today has not happened for my mind any  topic of which to write, the muses have left me, here in Spain it is said, I have remained in white when your mind is blocked and you cannot think and not react .	Today I cannot think of anything to write about. The muses have abandoned me. Here in Spain we say, "I have remained in white," which is when your mind is blocked and you cannot think or react .
The muses were the Greek goddesses who were inspiring to the writers, the painters, the musicians, the poets but these have never been of my side.	The muses were the Greek goddesses who were inspiring to the writers, the painters, the musicians, the poets but these have never been by my side.
The muses were the Greek goddesses who were inspiring to the writers, the painters, the musicians, the poets but these have never been of my side.	The muses were the Greek goddesses who provided inspiration to writers, painters, musicians and poets, but they have never been by my side.
Today it is the world day of the Alzheimer is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait that  finds a medicament to treat it.	Today it is world Alzheimer's day. It is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait to find a medicine to treat it.
Today it is the world day of the Alzheimer is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait that  finds a medicament to treat it.	Today it is the world day of the Alzheimer is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait that finds a medicament to treat it.Today it is the world day of the Alzheimer is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait that finds a medicament to treat it.Today is Alzheimer's day. It is very hard having a family member with this disease. I wait to find medicine to treat it.
Today it is the world day of the Alzheimer is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait that  finds a medicament to treat it.	Today it is World Alzheimer's Day. It is very hard to see a family member struggling with this disease. I hope that a cure is found soon.
Today it is the world day of the Alzheimer is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait that  finds a medicament to treat it.	Today is World Alzheimers Day. It is very hard to have a family member with this disease; the world is still waiting for a cure.
Laughter, Kissing and Hugging are free.	Laughter, Kissing and Hugging are free.
Laughter increases the levels of endorphins in our bodies, which are natural pain killers.	Laughter increases the levels of endorphins in our bodies, which are natural pain killers.
is one of the finest, most economical and easy  anti-stress measures.	It is one of the finest, most economical and easy anti-stress measures.
Laughter is one of the best muscle relaxants, expands blood vessels and sends more blood to the extremities and other muscles all over the body.	Laughter is one of the best muscle relaxants, it expands blood vessels and sends more blood to the extremities and other muscles all over the body.
Is good for the depression, the ansiety, the heart and fifteen facial muscles contract including the lips and some of the stomach.	It is good for depression, anxiety, the heart and fifteen facial muscles contract including the lips and some of the stomach.
Kissing stimulates the secretion of various hormones that act as painkillers and that strengthen our immune defenses.	Kissing stimulates the secretion of various hormones that act as painkillers and strengthen our immune defenses.
also stimulates the release of endorphins, It's good for anxiety depression sadness and discouragement.	It also stimulates the release of endorphins. It's good for anxiety, depression, sadness and discouragement.
Hugging is a great medicine.	Hugging is a great medicine.
transfers energy, and gives the person who is embraced and emotions, sometimes we do not find the right words to express what we feel, the hug is the best way, Hugs, also make us feel good, are used to relieve pain , depression and anxiety, makes us feel safe and secure and give us confidence.	It transfers energy, and gives the person who is embraced, emotions. Sometimes we do not find the right words to express what we feel, so the hug is the best way to express that. Hugs also make us feel good, are used to relieve pain , depression and anxiety, makes us feel safe and secure and give us confidence.
And they are free because so scarce.	And they are free because so scarce.
Celebrations in Barcelona 	Celebrations in Barcelona 
Today is a party in Barcelona, today celebrated La Merce, The Virgin of Merce is the holy patron of Barcelona for a few days and held a series of events across the city, including musical performances, human castles, fireworks, giant, acts sports and more,and that is that Barcelona is so beautiful with or without parties celebrations is precious.	Today is a festival in Barcelona. Today celebrates La Merce. The Virgin of Merce is the patron saint of Barcelona and for a few days a series of events across the city are held, including musical performances, human castles, fireworks, giant, performances, sports and more ,and that is why Barcelona is so beautiful with or without parties but the celebrations are precious.
The butterfly effect	The butterfly effect
Its name comes from the metaphorical concept that the flapping of a butterfly can be felt in another part of the world or that "the simple flapping of a butterfly can cause a tsunami elsewhere in the world", and this concept can change our lives for example in the bag if it falls on Doug Jones in New York more low Nikkei index in Tokyo and Madrid is sinking, and this happens in all aspects of life, one small decision we make will influence the rest of our lives,I advise you to see the movie (The butterfly effect)	Its name comes from the metaphorical concept that the flapping of a butterfly can be felt in another part of the world or that "the simple flapping of a butterfly can cause a tsunami elsewhere in the world". This concept can change our lives. For example, if the Dow Jones falls in New York, there will be a lower Nikkei index in Tokyo and Madrid will start sinking. This happens in all aspects of life, one small decision we make will influence the rest of our lives. I advise you to see the movie (The butterfly effect)
Its name comes from the metaphorical concept that the flapping of a butterfly can be felt in another part of the world or that "the simple flapping of a butterfly can cause a tsunami elsewhere in the world", and this concept can change our lives for example in the bag if it falls on Doug Jones in New York more low Nikkei index in Tokyo and Madrid is sinking, and this happens in all aspects of life, one small decision we make will influence the rest of our lives,I advise you to see the movie (The butterfly effect)	Its name comes from the metaphorical concept that the flapping of a butterfly's wings can cause a tsunami elsewhere in the world. This concept can change our lives, for example, if the Dow Jones Industrial Average falls in New York, the Nikkei index in Tokyo and Madrid will fall as well. This happens in all aspects of life; one small decision we make can influence the rest of our lives. I advise you to see the movie (The Butterfly Effect). You would probably want to name the index in Madrid; I can't correct it properly since I don't know what it's called.
In which country would you like to live	In which country would you like to live
Give a program  in the Spanish television that is called Spanish in the world.	Do you know the Spanish television program that is called "Spanish in the World"?
Give a program  in the Spanish television that is called Spanish in the world.	There is a program on Spanish television that is called "Spanish in the World".
I like much because he speaks about the Spanish who for a few motives or others have left your country and have had to begin his lives in other countries of the world.	I like it very much because they speak about the Spanish, who for a few motives or others have left their country and had to begin their lives in other countries of the world.
I like much because he speaks about the Spanish who for a few motives or others have left your country and have had to begin his lives in other countries of the world.	I like it very much because he speaks about the Spanish, who for some reason or another, have left their country and have had to begin new lives in other countries of the world.
Some because they were studying in these countries and they have remained to living, others because they have known his pair who was from this country and others because they have given a new course to his lives or have some business.	Some because they were studying in these countries and they have remained living there, others because they have known a partner who was from this country and others because they have given a new course to their lives or have some business.
Some because they were studying in these countries and they have remained to living, others because they have known his pair who was from this country and others because they have given a new course to his lives or have some business.	Some left because they were studying in these countries and they decided to stay, others because their partner is from this country and others because they have followed a new course in their lives or have to for business.
Often I have asked me,if I were to start a new life in a country of the world that country would.	Often I myself ,"if I were to start a new life in a country of the world what country would it be?
Often I have asked me,if I were to start a new life in a country of the world that country would.	Often I have asked myself, if I were to start a new life in another country of the world, what country would it be?
There are many countries in which i like to live, Japan, the USA, some African country,some European country, and in any of them I have never been but I like his form of life.	There are many countries in which i would like to live. For example, Japan, the USA, some African country,or some European country. And i I have never been to any of them, but I like this form of life.
There are many countries in which i like to live, Japan, the USA, some African country,some European country, and in any of them I have never been but I like his form of life.	There are many countries in which I like to live: Japan, the USA, some African country, some European country, which I have never been to any of them but I like this way of living.
And your if you had to begin a new life in which country you like to do it.	And your if you had to begin a new life somewhere, in which country would you like to go to?
The holidays	The holidays
Hello I've been on holidays and could not write anything for 15 days I was in a beach village near Barcelona, but when you're on holidays it seems that time passes more quickly more more quickly, now I'm back to the routine of every day.	Hello. I've been on vacation and could not write anything for 15 days. I was in a beach village near Barcelona, but when you're on holiday it seems that time passes more and more quickly. Now I'm back in the everyday routine.
Yesterday	Yesterday
Yesterday im going to the zoo with my daughters, it was very hot but we have fun, only a question, i feel sorry for some animals, there locked out of space and with this heat going crazy, see you	Yesterday I went to the zoo with my daughters. It was very hot, but we had fun. I feel sorry for some of the animals.They didn't have much space and the heat is going crazy. See you later.
Yesterday im going to the zoo with my daughters, it was very hot but we have fun, only a question, i feel sorry for some animals, there locked out of space and with this heat going crazy, see you	Yesterday I went to the zoo with my daughters. It was very hot but we had fun. But I felt sorry for some of the animals; they were locked in small spaces, and with this heat they were going crazy. See you!
The Party-La fiesta	The Party-La fiesta
On the 7 th of july is the fest of the patron or saint or the city, and the party is enormous, the people come  from over the world, from Australia, to England, New Zeland, in The U.	On the 7 th of Ｊuly is the fest of the patron or saint or the city, and the party is enormous, the people come from over the world, from Australia, to England, New Zeland, in The U.
On the 7 th of july is the fest of the patron or saint or the city, and the party is enormous, the people come  from over the world, from Australia, to England, New Zeland, in The U.	July 7th is the festival of the patron saint of the city, and the party is enormous. People come from all over the world, from Australia, to England, even New Zeland. In The U.
S is well know and brings many people as the writer Ernest Hemingway was a fan of this event, in wich at 8 am 6 bulls running in the city for two kilometers wich end in the Plaza de toros, the people  most daring which run ahead of bulls, then party all day until the hour of the corrida and then more partying until the next day, so for a week, is dangerous but very very funny.	S is well known and brings many people to the city.The writer, Ernest Hemingway, was a fan of this event, in which at 8am, 6 bulls run in the city for two kilometers, ending in the Plaza de toros. The most daring people run ahead of the bulls, then party all day until the hour of the corrida and then more partying until the next day. It lasts for a week. It is dangerous but very very funny.
I copied Terminator 4 I'll be back baby!!!	I copied Terminator 4 I'll be back baby!!!
Marcus Wright: I know you.	Marcus Wright: I know you.
I heard your voice on the radio.	I heard your voice on the radio.
You’re John Connor.	You’re John Connor.
John Connor: Of course you know me.	John Connor: Of course you know me.
You were sent here to kill me.	You were sent here to kill me.
Kill the leadership.	Kill the leadership.
Marcus Wright: I don’t know what you are talking about.	Marcus Wright: I don’t know what you are talking about.
John: Then, why are you here?	John: Then, why are you here?
Marcus Wright: Blair said you could help me find who I’m looking for.	Marcus Wright: Blair said you could help me find who I’m looking for.
Now let me down.	Now let me down.
John: If I let you down, you’ll kill everyone in this room.	John: If I let you down, you’ll kill everyone in this room.
Marcus Wright: I didn’t even know your name till two days ago.	Marcus Wright: I didn’t even know your name till two days ago.
John: No.	John: No.
You and me.	You and me.
We’ve been at war since before either of us even existed.	We’ve been at war since before either of us even existed.
You tried killing my mother, Sarah Connor.	You tried killing my mother, Sarah Connor.
You killed my father, Kyle Reese.	You killed my father, Kyle Reese.
You will not kill me.	You will not kill me.
My firts lang.	My First Journal Entry.
Hello I'm form Bucaramanga Colombia.	Hello I'm from Bucaramanga, Colombia.
Many people speak bad things about my country but Colombia is a buatiful place to live.	Many people say bad things about my country, but Colombia is a beautiful place to live.
Maybe there are some problems but every countries have problems.		Maybe there are some problems, but every country has problems.
The people here is so kind and happy and everbody work hard to become Colombia in a better place.	The people here are so kind and happy, and everybody works hard to make Colombia a better place.
an ordinary day	an ordinary day
Today I'm fine thank God, I get up and ate a cup of corn flakes, i had hungry in the morning it´s rarely, because i eat breakfast more late, but i feel great after to eat :P.	Today I'm fine thank God, I get up and ate a cup of corn flakes, i had hungry in the morning it´s rarely, because i eat breakfast more late, but i feel great after to eat :P.
Now I'm working in a project, but i had a time to write here in lang-8.	Now I'm working in a project, but i had a time to write here in lang-8.
here I write some sentences I learned of korean ^^	here I write some sentences I learned of korean ^^
여자아이가  밥을  먹어요 this is  The girl is eating RICE?	여자아이가  밥을  먹어요 this is  The girl is eating RICE?
남자가  책을  읽어요   this is The man is reading	남자가  책을  읽어요   this is The man is reading
여자가  물울  마셔요  this is The women is drinking water	여자가  물울  마셔요  this is The women is drinking water
I don´t know much but i'm learning lowly 	I don´t know much but i'm learning lowly 
see you!	see you!
My first entry	My first entry
Hello!	Hello!
I'm Deysi, I'm from Mexico.	I'm Deysi, I'm from Mexico.
i want to learn english and korean, although my english is very bad i hope improve, my korean class are autodidacts hahah i am learning in http://www.talktomeinkorean.com/ and http://aprenspan.blogspot.com/	i want to learn english and korean, although my english is very bad i hope improve, my korean class are autodidacts hahah i am learning in http://www.talktomeinkorean.com/ and http://aprenspan.blogspot.com/
i don't know that more to write jajaja	I don't know how to write more than this. jajaja
greetings!	greetings!
Entry number 2	Entry number 2
Hello everyone!	Hello everyone!
Today, I'm a little sick :( but i want to say us because i wish to learn korean	Today, I'm a little sick :( but i want to say us because i want to learn korean.
Today, I'm a little sick :( but i want to say us because i wish to learn korean	Today, I'm a little sick :( but i want to say us because i want to learn korean.
Today, I'm a little sick :( but i want to say us because i wish to learn korean	Today, I'm a little sick :( but I want to talk with you because i wish to learn korean.
Do few time, i began to watch K-dramas ^^, since them i listened K-pop and i liked all hahah, well really i don´t listen all but i should like to know to talk, to listen, to write, to read korean for i can understand it.	Recently, i began to watch K-dramas ^^, after that i listened to K-pop and i liked it all hahah, well really i don´t listen to it all but i should like to know to talk, to listen, to write, to read korean for.
Do few time, i began to watch K-dramas ^^, since them i listened K-pop and i liked all hahah, well really i don´t listen all but i should like to know to talk, to listen, to write, to read korean for i can understand it.	Do few time, i began to watch K-dramas ^^, since them i listened K-pop and i liked all hahah, well really i don´t listen all but i should like to know to talk, to listen, to write, to read korean for i can understand it.
For now I only know to say "Hello" 안녕하세요, "Thank you" 감사합니다, "Goodbye"  안녕히가세요 or 안녕히계세요, "I agree" 네 and "I disagree" 아니오.	For now I only know to say "Hello" 안녕하세요, "Thank you" 감사합니다, "Goodbye"  안녕히가세요 or 안녕히계세요, "I agree" 네 and "I disagree" 아니오.
Hellooo!	Hellooo!
Hi guys and girls!	Hi guys and girls!
I'm Eva and I'm from Spain.	I'm Eva and I'm from Spain.
Now, I'm studing in the university in de Balearic Islands, and I want to improve my english.	Currently, I'm studing at a university in the Balearic Islands, and I want to improve my english.
I've been studing it since I was six, but these years I couldn't practice it.	I've been studying it since I was six, but in recent years, I haven't been able to practice it.
I hope you can help me with my english, and I can help you with your spanish or catalan.	I hope you can help me with my english, and I can help you with your spanish or catalan.
Nintendo	Nintendo
This is the logo of Nintendo...	This is the logo of Nintendo...
The most amazing and professional videogame development company in the world.	The most amazing and professional videogame development company in the world.
For thos who doesn't know this company(just a little number of people, I guess) I put some names here:	For thos who doesn't know this company(just a little number of people, I guess) I put some names here:
Shigeru Miyamoto:	Shigeru Miyamoto:
I guess that everybody knows him.	I guess that everybody knows him.
Whitout him, the videogame world can't be the same.	Whitout him, the videogame world can't be the same.
But, just to refresh your memories I will show you some of his games:	But, just to refresh your memories I will show you some of his games:
-All of The Legend of Zelda games, he was in diferent positions in the development team but he made the Zelda spirit.	-All of The Legend of Zelda games, he was in diferent positions in the development team but he made the Zelda spirit.
-Mario's...	-Mario's...
all of them.	all of them.
-Donkey Kong...	-Donkey Kong...
and a lot more, like every game of Nintendo, not like a chief but, yes, he was (for our happiness) right there in the supervision.	and a lot more, like every game of Nintendo, not like a chief but, yes, he was (for our happiness) right there in the supervision.
And, just to finish about Miyamoto-san I want to say that he's my idol, and I wanna be like him.	And, just to finish about Miyamoto-san I want to say that he's my idol, and I wanna be like him.
And, for me, he build the videogame world just like we know actually.	And, for me, he build the videogame world just like we know actually.
And beside, I respect Nollan Bushnell and other important persons for this world.	And beside, I respect Nollan Bushnell and other important persons for this world.
But there are not tow persons like Miyamoto-san.	But there are not tow persons like Miyamoto-san.
-Koji Kondo: The best compositor for videogames ever.	-Koji Kondo: The best compositor for videogames ever.
He has made the Zelda's music, Mario's music and a lot of Nintendo games too.	He has made the Zelda's music, Mario's music and a lot of Nintendo games too.
His compositions can be heard by hours and hours, actually the music in Nintendo games need an external soundtrack disc to enjoy it.	His compositions can be heard by hours and hours, actually the music in Nintendo games need an external soundtrack disc to enjoy it.
There are no space to write them all so, I'm sorry:	There are no space to write them all so, I'm sorry:
-Gunpei Yokoi	-Gunpei Yokoi
-Eiji Aonuma	-Eiji Aonuma
-Satoru Iwata	-Satoru Iwata
-Masahiro Sakudai (recently has abandoned the company)	-Masahiro Sakudai (recently has abandoned the company)
-And a lot more but, again, there are no space to put them all, and for you guys that do not appear here: I want you to know that Nintendo can't be the same without you.	-And a lot more but, again, there are no space to put them all, and for you guys that do not appear here: I want you to know that Nintendo can't be the same without you.
Without your passion.	Without your passion.
I will be there too soon.	I will be there too soon.
I believe that, for a lot of things, we owe this actual videogame world to Nintendo.	I believe that, for a lot of things, we owe this actual videogame world to Nintendo.
I think this is very    	I think this is very    
tawdry but I wrote it when I was younger so...	tawdry but I wrote it when I was younger so...
Don't judge me XD	Don't judge me XD
How?	How?
How i can know if I need do corrections in my english without think?	How can I know if I need to correct my english without thinking?
Hi Anyone who can help me with my English	Hi! Is there anyone who can help me with my English?
Hi Anyone who can help me with my English	Hi, could anyone help me with my English?
This is Alex,39, from Madrid, Spain, and I´m trying to improve my level of English towards advanced-proficency, so I would be very greatful if anyone could help me very sharply in correcting me my writing and way of expressing myself in this language, through some paragraphs and texts written and spoken by me.	This is Alex,39, from Madrid, Spain, and I´m trying to improve my level of English towards advanced-level proficency, so I would be very grateful if anyone could help me by correcting sharply my writing and way of expressing myself in this language, through some paragraphs and texts written and spoken by me.
This is Alex,39, from Madrid, Spain, and I´m trying to improve my level of English towards advanced-proficency, so I would be very greatful if anyone could help me very sharply in correcting me my writing and way of expressing myself in this language, through some paragraphs and texts written and spoken by me.	This is Alex, 39, from Madrid, Spain. I'm trying to improve my level of English to achieve advanced proficiency. Therefore I would be very grateful if anyone could help me by correcting my writing and way of expressing myself in this language.
Thanks a lot in advanced,	Thanks a lot in advance,
Alejandro.	Alejandro.
Problems with my essay writing	Problems with my essay writing
16th August 2010	16th August 2010
Dear readers and referees,	Dear readers and referees,
My main problem whenever I want to make a report about something is to lead the main ideas into either a text, essay or whatever of pre-estableshed way of any writing frame, due to my lack of a proper background of writing, in part, because I haven´t been taught how to write at  college and later on, even though I have been studying English grammar during my whole academic life, which is not a short time, but I feel that I haven´t had the chance to speak in a standard and normal way for English people in the street, even having been living for almost three years in the UK.	My main problem whenever I want to make a report about something is to progress from main ideas into either a text, essay or whatever in a pre-estableshed way of writing , due to my lack of a proper background of writing, in part, because I haven´t been taught how to write at college and later on, even though I have been studying English grammar during my whole academic life, which is not a short time. But I feel that I haven´t had the chance to speak in a standard and normal way with English people in the street, even having been living for almost three years in the UK.
What did I use to look like in the past? and What do I look like presently?	What did I use to look like in the past? and What do I look like presently?
REPORT OF OPINION-COLUMNIST                      4th September 2010	REPORT OF OPINION-COLUMNIST                      4th September 2010
What did I use to look like in the past?	What did I use to look like in the past?
and What do I look like presently?	and What do I look like presently?
For different reasons human being nowadays tries answering both questions to itself in order to look for either a better picture or image of itself to cope with a feeling of non-satisfaction and unhappyness that I think human being has always been involved with, especially during the present, in which everyone has to be slim, tall, nice, smart and handsome for a very competitive world not only for being a skillful professional in your career, but looking like very beautiful and handsome and attractive to others.	For different reasons human being nowadays tries answering both questions to itself in order to look for either a better picture or image of itself to cope with a feeling of non-satisfaction and unhappyness that I think human being has always been involved with, especially during the present, in which everyone has to be slim, tall, nice, smart and handsome for a very competitive world not only for being a skillful professional in your career, but looking like very beautiful and handsome and attractive to others.
We could likely answer that we used to look like uglier, and less smart and handsome than now, and probably with longer hair, and definitely less intelligent and experienced in life; but of course, we would always like and expect of ourselves to look like more beautiful and  brilliant in any aspect of our lives.	We could likely answer that we used to look like uglier, and less smart and handsome than now, and probably with longer hair, and definitely less intelligent and experienced in life; but of course, we would always like and expect of ourselves to look like more beautiful and  brilliant in any aspect of our lives.
It is supposed and it has been part of our lives that evolution works very deep inside of us and as the time goes by, we strongly live many different experiences that help us to be like the way of being we are and look like the appearance we do, throughout the different social events and trends, and we would have ever probably thought to be going through those thoughts  and way of seeing life which is part of the moment, the year and the Century we are in.	It is supposed and it has been part of our lives that evolution works very deep inside of us and as the time goes by, we strongly live many different experiences that help us to be like the way of being we are and look like the appearance we do, throughout the different social events and trends, and we would have ever probably thought to be going through those thoughts  and way of seeing life which is part of the moment, the year and the Century we are in.
So the best conclusion we can get on this report about what we look like now and what we had ever wanted to look like if we would have ever been asked for the next future, in the past is that we had better answer, the person should care about many important things other than the appearance we used to have in the past, and the one we have nowadays, because it is just a matter of an overall of events we are living in, and the result (overcome) of an evolution in our lives, and the most important thing is taking into account  “the person”  we are which is supposed to be our wealth, and let´s be authentic  and non-superficial, Shall we	So the best conclusion we can get on this report about what we look like now and what we had ever wanted to look like if we would have ever been asked for the next future, in the past is that we had better answer, the person should care about many important things other than the appearance we used to have in the past, and the one we have nowadays, because it is just a matter of an overall of events we are living in, and the result (overcome) of an evolution in our lives, and the most important thing is taking into account  “the person”  we are which is supposed to be our wealth, and let´s be authentic  and non-superficial, Shall we?
Alex.	Alex.
Personal Presentation	Personal Presentation
Hello Everyone,	Hello Everyone,
My name is Victor, I´m 32 years old, born in Colombia and I like to learn English with you.	My name is Victor, I´m 32 years old, born in Colombia and I like to learn English with you.
Regards.	Regards.
i´m sweety girl	i´m sweety girl
a deep phrase ?	a deep phrase ?
n_n	n_n
I think I love someone	I think I love someone
love..!	love..!
live, laugh, love, eat cake..	live, laugh, love, eat cake..
it´s marvelous for all	it´s marvelous for all
José Enrique Rodó part 1	José Enrique Rodó part 1
This will be my first entry in English.	This will be my first entry in English.
I started to take classes, so I can correct all the mistakes that I have for self-studying.	I started to take classes, so I can correct all the mistakes that I have for self-studying.
Now I taking classes of Uruguayan Literature.	Now I taking classes of Uruguayan Literature.
In this moment, I´m reading a lot about José Enrique Rodó, an Uruguayan writer.	In this moment, I´m reading a lot about José Enrique Rodó, an Uruguayan writer.
So I will try to talk about him a little to practice my English.	So I will try to talk about him a little to practice my English.
José Enrique Rodó was an important essayist of Latin America Modern literature period in his time.	José Enrique Rodó was an important essayist of Latin America Modern literature period in his time.
His work unified the mind of his contemporaneous writers in one unified direction.	His work unified the minds of unified the mind of his peers, steering them in a single direction. 
Latin America must not follow more Europe literature images, rather must write about it self and develop a national literature that go with the country development of each Latin country.	Latin America must not follow more European images of literature; rather it must write about literature about itself and each Latin country must develop a distinctive literary tradition that reflects its development as a nation.
At the time, a lot of writers chosen an European scenario for their stories, so no writer express Latin American's people voice.	At the time, a lot of writers chose European scenarios for their stories, so no writer expressed the Latin American people’s voice.
In this time the most of the Latin America countries were celebrating their 100th anniversary of independence.	During this time most of the Latin American countries were celebrating the 100th anniversary of their independence.
I have to make a conversation	I have to make a conversation
I have to make a coversation for my english class	I have to make a coversation for my english class
I live in... Ibiza. 	I live in... Ibiza. 
I live in Ibiza, Spain.	I live in Ibiza, Spain.
Do you know were Ibiza is?	Do you know were Ibiza is?
I know a lot of people who doesn't know were it is, maybe because it's a little island and isn't as important as Barcelona or Madrid, but Ibiza is such a beutiful place.	I know a lot of people who doesn't know were it is, maybe because it's a little island and isn't as important as Barcelona or Madrid, but Ibiza is such a beautiful place.
I'm very happy to live here.	I'm very happy to live here.
In summer there are lots of foreigners, mostly English, German and Italian, and I meet new friends all around the world.	In summer there are lots of foreigners, mostly English, German and Italian, and I meet new friends all around the world.
It makes me so happy!	It makes me so happy!
But although Ibiza has got beautiful beaches and a lot of culture, Ibiza is also known as partys, Pacha and alcohol.	But although Ibiza has got beautiful beaches and a lot of culture, Ibiza is also known for its parties, Pacha and alcohol.
It's something that makes me angry.	It's something that makes me angry.
Well, it's their problem to miss something as precious as Ibiza's beaches :)	Well, it's their problem to miss something as precious as Ibiza's beaches :)
I have an english test on this weekend	I have an English test this weekend
I have an english test on this weekend	I have an English test this weekend
I hope you can help me with this.	I hope you can help me with this.
This sunday (really) I will have an english test, given by the government.	This Sunday (really) I will have to take an English test, given by the government.
This sunday (really) I will have an english test, given by the government.	This sunday (really) I will have an English test, given by the government.
As you can see,  I should improve my level, because there will be scholarships, to keep improving the english language.	As you can see, I should improve my ability, because there will be scholarships for people who improve their English.
As you can see,  I should improve my level, because there will be scholarships, to keep improving the english language.	As you can see, I should improve my level, because there will be scholarships, to keep improving in the English language.
The test is called Toeic, and it is special for workers whom wish to apply to jobs abroad.	The test is called TOEIC, and it is specially for workers who wish to apply for jobs abroad.
The test is called Toeic, and it is special for workers whom wish to apply to jobs abroad.	The test is called TOEIC, and it is special for workers whom wish to apply to jobs abroad.
Thanks, I really appreciate your help,  because I need to keep going on this study.	Thanks, I really appreciate your help, because I need to keep going with my studies.
And I guess that the more I help correct others, the more others can correct me	And I guess that the more I help correct others, the more others can correct me.
I think I will keep posting here.	I think I will keep posting here.
May be a lot.	Maybe a lot.
May be a lot.	Maybe a lot.
thanks.	thanks.
oscar	Oscar
there is a visitor in my house	There is a visitor in my house
The last night a foreign person from the United States, came to my house.	The last night a foreign person, from the United States, came to my house.
The last night a foreign person from the United States, came to my house.	Last night a foreign person from the United States came to my house.
We chat a lot.	We chatted a lot.
He told me about his long travels through Asia, Europe, and other places.	He told me about his long travels through Asia, Europe, and other places.
Once, in Paris, he was crawling on caves under the city.	Once, in Paris, he was crawling in caves under the city.
It was a very secret catacumbas, where there are still.	It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still.
It was a very secret catacumbas, where there are still.	It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still. It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still. It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still.
It was a very secret catacumbas, where there are still.	It was a very secret catacomb, where it remains now.
he is still here doing tourist travels around my area.	He is still here doing tourist travels around my area.
thank for the former corrections.	Thanks for the former corrections.
It is getting addictive.	It is getting addictive.
About me.	About me.
Dear friends.	Dear friends.
I am Oscar Daniel	I am Oscar Daniel
and my two last names are Encalada Maturana.	and my two last names are Encalada Maturana.
I used my two not so used names here, Daniel Maturana,  but here I am presenting you my common names.	I used my two not so used names here, Daniel Maturana,  but here I am presenting you my common names.
Since two years, I'm on an online site called Couch surfing.	Since two years, I'm on an online site called Couch surfing.
In spanish, it is like:  Navegando en los Sofás.	In spanish, it is like:  Navegando en los Sofás.
And I have enjoyed it so much.	And I have enjoyed it so much.
Here in my house we have accepted many tourists that have travelled around my city.	Here in my house we have accepted many tourists that have travelled around my city.
And fortunatelly, when me or my parents have traveled, other couchsurfers have hosted us.	And fortunatelly, when me or my parents have traveled, other couchsurfers have hosted us.
Probably you could like it too.	Probably you could like it too.
If you could get an invitation, it means that you would like to meet others people.	If you could get an invitation, it means that you would like to meet others people.
Not just to host them in your house, but also to share a coffee or drink, or meet them to take a walk around, or just to met someone when you dont know anyone in the place you visit.	Not just to host them in your house, but also to share a coffee or drink, or meet them to take a walk around, or just to met someone when you dont know anyone in the place you visit.
It is not allowed to Ask for Dates on that site.	It is not allowed to Ask for Dates on that site.
I like it too much, and now I am just informing you, and at the same time asking for corrections.	I like it too much, and now I am just informing you, and at the same time asking for corrections.
See you, and thanks.	See you, and thanks.
Oscar Daniel.	Oscar Daniel.
One of the motto of that site is:  An stranger is just a friend you have not met jet.	One of the motto of that site is:  An stranger is just a friend you have not met jet.
Do you want more information?	Do you want more information?
Just ask me.	Just ask me.
You can check some pictures at: 	You can check some pictures at: 
this is going to be addictive.	This is going to be addictive.
wow, this is going to be addictive.	Wow, this is going to be addictive.
I will try to check more spanish exercises and at the same time, express my self with comments and stuff.	I will try to check more Spanish exercises and at the same time, express my self with comments and stuff.
I remember I sign up in this lang-8  a long time ago.	I remember I signed up for lang-8 a long time ago.
But I had problems to understand it or I don't know the reason.	But I had problems understanding it or I don't know the reason.
So,  I am a newbie.	So,  I am a newbie.
Now, probably because of my real need to improve my english, I am enjoying to write and to be corrected, and also to check and feel like a teacher, correcting other friends.	Now, probably because of my real need to improve my English, I am enjoying writing and being corrected, and also checking and feeling like a teacher, correcting other friends.
Thank you very much for your good will, to check my mistakes and hopefully in the future 'my teachers' (correctors,  internet- friends)  could feel that their effort paid.	Thank you very much for your good will; to check my mistakes and hopefully in the future 'my teachers' (correctors, internet- friends) could feel that their effort has paid off.
(I feel that I need one more word here).	(I feel that I need one more word here).
see you then.	See you then.
oscar daniel	Oscar Daniel
Pawn stars	Pawn stars
Yo estoy estudiando para trabajar en Pawn Stars Las vegas, o tambien conocido en History Channel: El precio de la historia, espero tener suerte con mi ingles!	Yo estoy estudiando para trabajar en Pawn Stars Las vegas, o tambien conocido en History Channel: El precio de la historia, espero tener suerte con mi ingles!
Back in Los Andes	Back in Los Andes
Hello, i'm back in Los Andes....	Hello, i'm back in Los Andes....
I don't know if I had told you that I was in Viña del mar.	I don't know if I had told you that I was in Viña del mar.
It is called "La Ciudad Bella" in Chile here, because it consists of beaches and it is really turistic (:	It is called "La Ciudad Bella" in Chile here, because it consists of beaches and it is a major tourist attraction (:
I was seizing a week there, because on march I have to get back to school LOL, that's not a good new...	I seized the opportunity to spend a week there, because on march I have to get back to school LOL, that's not good news...
But well, I need to study (:	But well, I need to study (:
I was there with my siblings, parents, brother in law, my niece and my sister's dog LOL.	I was there with my siblings, parents, brother in law, my niece and my sister's dog LOL.
I bought a book of chilean slangs lol, it's really fun because you can also learn more about english...	I bought a book of Chilean slang expressions lol, it's really fun because you can also learn more about English...
so entertaing...	so entertaining...
Hope You all are good!	Hope you all are doing well!
GOOD LUCK!	GOOD LUCK!
An exhausted day but, pretty cool as well :D!	An exhausted day but, pretty cool as well :D!
Hello everyone, It's felipe typing a few words ahaha (:	Hello everyone, It's felipe typing a few words ahaha (:
Once upon a time...	Once upon a time...
LOL Nah (:	LOL Nah (:
Well, It was a very tiring day because my niece called Amanda arrived at my home and she's 1 year old so she's eventually learning to walk so my back is really hurting because i have to duck to get the same height of her (: but, I love her a lot, she's a cutie pie.	Well, today was a very tiring day because my niece named Amanda arrived at my home. She's 1 year old so she's gradually learning how to walk. My back is really hurting because I have to duck to get the same height as her (: but, I love her a lot, she's a cutie pie.
Yesterday I have a conference with Omar.	Yesterday I had a conference with Omar.
I have known here by this network...	I have known here by this network...
and He has been a really good buddy :), because he helped me with my english and I really appreciate what he does...	He has been a really good buddy :), because he helped me with my English and I really appreciate what he does...
very patient.	He is very patient.
Yesterday I also talked with Zoe and I saw her by camera on Skype and we talked a little bit...	Yesterday I also talked with Zoe and I saw her by camera on Skype so we talked a little bit...
Omar and Zoe are great people (: Many thanks for everything :) You deserve the besst	Omar and Zoe are great people (: Many thanks for everything :) You deserve the best
Well, In the first week of febraury, I will travel to the beach, Although I don't like to go there, I'm so excited for traveling to Viña del Mar.	Well, In the first week of February, I will travel to the beach. Even though I don't like to go there, I'm so excited for traveling to Viña del Mar.
I think I have written very much...	I think I have written a lot...
so, That's all for today (:	so, That's all for today (:
Thanks for everything Lang-8's people!	Thanks for everything Lang-8's people!
Bye.	Bye.
Thanks for all	Thanks for everything
LOL, thanks I really think that it's an amazing website...	LOL, thanks I really think that this is an amazing website...
when you can be in touch with a lot of people of the world, it's awesome I really want to say thank to Zobear...	when you can be in touch with a lot of people around the world, it's awesome I really want to say thanks to Zobear...
because She was who said me that this website exists.	because She was the one who told me that this website exists.
thanks mari and mon for corrected me when i was wrong :D!	thanks mari and mon for correcting me when i was wrong :D!
What I have done today in Santiago, Chile 	What I have done today in Santiago, Chile 
Yesterday and today have been fabolous!...	Yesterday and today have been fabulous!...
I've had a really great time here	I've had a really great time here
A lot of swimming pool, go shopping, have an ice-cream and window shopping (:	A lot of swimming , going shopping, having ice-cream and window shopping (:
I'm really tired now...	I'm really tired now...
because I have walked a lot to the downtown and to my sisters' house (:	I have walked a lot. I went downtown and to my sister's house (:
THANKS FOR ALL!	THANKS FOR EVERYTHING!
Back in los andes	Back in los andes
Yesterday night, I arrived in Los Andes, my native city.	Yesterday night, I arrived in Los Andes, my native city.
I was in Santiago city having a great time.	I was in Santiago city having a great time.
I went to the swimming pool with my cousin and my brother, we played there like children.	I went to the swimming pool with my cousin and my brother, we played there like childrens.
I ate everything...	I ate everything...
donuts was amazing.	the donuts were amazing.
I really like Santiago a lots!	I really like Santiago a lot!
I didn't meet with my "friend" in Santiago.	I didn't meet with my "friend" in Santiago.
She couldn't go because I don't know why...	She couldn't go, but I don't know why...
Well, Thanks for everything again	Well, Thanks for everything again
Chaito :D!	Chaito :D!
Hey I want to introduce myself	Hi. I would like to introduce myself.
Well my name's felipe Calderon, I'm from chile, Los andes, and i'm studying english since a few years ago...	Well my name's felipe Calderon, I'm from chile, Los andes, and I've been studying english since a few years ago...
Well my name's felipe Calderon, I'm from chile, Los andes, and i'm studying english since a few years ago...	My name's Felipe Calderon. I'm from Chile, Los Andes, and I've been studying English for a few years...
and sometimes i practise it with some friends that i have in the states...	Sometimes I practice it with some friends that I have in the states...
and sometimes i practise it with some friends that i have in the states...	Sometimes I practice it with some of my friends in the States...
I hope you can help with this...	Please help me improve my English...
please, I'd like to write better and know more vocabulary (:	Please, I'd like to write better and know more vocabulary (:
please, I'd like to write better and know more vocabulary (:	I'd like to write better and know more vocabulary (:
Great DAY!	Great DAY!
Hello, It's Felipe telling you what I've done again.	Hello, It's Felipe telling you what I've done again.
I hope not to bore you at all.	I hope I will not bore you.
In the morning, I got a Dasne's phone call, saying me if we can hang out in the afternoon, of course I said yes (:.	In the morning, I got Dasne's phone call, asking me if we could hang out in the afternoon, of course I said yes (:.
In the afternoon with Dasne we did a lot.	In the afternoon, I did a lot with Dasne.
1st we drink a natural juice	1st we drink a natural juice
2nd We  went to the park for talking about our lives (:	2nd We went to the park to talk about our lives (:
3rd We went to the machine for working out a little bit LOL	3rd We went to the gym to work out a little bit LOL
4th We went to the mall to have an ice cream, "A huge Ice-Cream" :D	4th We went to the mall to have an ice cream, "A huge ice cream" :D
5th We played a lot of games hahahaa 	5th We played a lot of games hahahaa 
I really had a great time...	I really had a great time...
I hope we can repeat it....	I hope we can repeat it....
MANY THANKS	MANY THANKS
Today	Today
Hello...	Hello...
Today I've just woken up ...	I've just woken up ...
here it's 13-06 pm.	It's 13:06 pm here.
here it's 13-06 pm.	It's 13:06 here. or better:It's 1:06 p.m. here. 
I'm a little lazy...	I'm a little lazy...
I don't like to wake up earlier, because I'm on vacations...	I don't like to wake up earlier, because I'm on vacation...
I don't like to wake up earlier, because I'm on vacations...	I don't like to wake up early, because I'm on vacation...
so I'm enjoying them a lot.	and I'm having a great time.
Today...	Today...
in the afternoon, I'm going to travel to Santiago (Chile) with brother and tomorrow I'm going to meet with a friend who I know 4 years ago, besides, I'm going to visit my sister and my niece.	in the afternoon, I'm going to travel to Santiago (Chile) with brother and tomorrow I'm going to meet with a friend who I've known for 4 years , besides, I'm going to visit my sister and my niece.
in the afternoon, I'm going to travel to Santiago (Chile) with brother and tomorrow I'm going to meet with a friend who I know 4 years ago, besides, I'm going to visit my sister and my niece.	I'm going to travel to Santiago (Chile) today with my brother, and tomorrow I'm going to meet with a friend who I've known for 4 years. Besides that, I'm going to visit my sister and my niece.
Tomorrow in the night, I will write a new post of what I've done...	Tomorrow night, I will write a new post of the things I've done...
THANK YOU!	THANK YOU!
18-01-2011	18-01-2011
I woke up so early, because I ought to meet with a friend and her cousin for having an sport morning.	I woke up so early, because I ought to meet with a friend and her cousin for having an sport morning.
We went to the stadium, we run around it, after we went to the park and to the hills of the park, then we went to the machines for working out a little bit (:	We went to the stadium, we run around it, after we went to the park and to the hills of the park, then we went to the machines for working out a little bit (:
It was a nice morning.	It was a nice morning.
My kindest regards for Omar, Mon , Mari & obviously for ZOE (:	My kindest regards for Omar, Mon , Mari & obviously for ZOE (:
Thank you all Guys!	Thank you all Guys!
Hi	Hi
This is the first time I use lang-8	This is the first time I use lang-8
I am really exited about this sns	I am really exited about this sns
What I am waiting from all this, it is to improve my english and japanese skills...	What I am waiting from all this, it is to improve my english and japanese skills...
and of course make many friends.	and of course make many friends.
Sorry if I made some mistakes but just for today I'll write from my celphone hahaha and it is pretty difficult to write.	Sorry if I made some mistakes but just for today I'll write from my celphone hahaha and it is pretty difficult to write.
Have a good time.	Have a good time.
A very exhausting day ¬¬°	A very exhausting day
Just like any other weekend I woke up, took a shower and ate my breakfast.	Just like any other weekend I woke up, took a shower, and ate my breakfast.
Just like any other weekend I woke up, took a shower and ate my breakfast.	Just like any other weekend I woke up, took a shower, and ate my breakfast.
Today I had a flight to Mexico City , cause I took a few days off from the work and I decided to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.	Today I had a flight to Mexico City , because I took a few days off from work, and I decided to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.
Today I had a flight to Mexico City , cause I took a few days off from the work and I decided to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.	Today, I had a flight to Mexico City, because I took a few days off from work, and I decided to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.
Today I had a flight to Mexico City , cause I took a few days off from the work and I decided to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.	Today I had a flight to Mexico City , because I took a few days off from work to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.
So I this flight that I have at the first time of the morning, I came with time to the airport, but the airline people...	So I have this flight first thing of the morning, I came with extra time to the airport, but the airline people...
So I this flight that I have at the first time of the morning, I came with time to the airport, but the airline people...	So, I had to fly first thing in the morning. I came on time to the airport, but the airline people
So I this flight that I have at the first time of the morning, I came with time to the airport, but the airline people...	So I had this flight first thing in the morning, and I arrived at the airport with extra time, t, but the airline people...
I don't really know I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose...	I don't really know, I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose...
I don't really know I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose...	(I don't know, I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose)
I don't really know I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose...	(I don't really know I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose...)
any way they sent me to the wrong hall, so I realized about this fact and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and WHAT THEY SAID ME????...	any way they sent me to the wrong hall, so I realized about this fact and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and this is WHAT THEY TOLD ME????...
any way they sent me to the wrong hall, so I realized about this fact and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and WHAT THEY SAID ME????...	sent me to the wrong hall. I realized about this , and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and WHAT THEY TELL ME????...
any way they sent me to the wrong hall, so I realized about this fact and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and WHAT THEY SAID ME????...	anyway they sent me to the wrong hall, so I realized this and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and do you know WHAT THEY SAID ME????...
-"Yeah, this is your flight, wait here until we call you to get on board..."	"Yeah, this is your flight. Wait here until we call you to get on board..."
-"Yeah, this is your flight, wait here until we call you to get on board..."	-"Yeah, this is your flight, wait here until we call you to get board..."
-"OK ~_~" -I said- "...	"OK," I said,
but are you really sure about it?	"but are you really sure about it?
because this doesn't seem the right hall" -and- "...	Because this doesn't seem the right hall. And
I understand you have more flights to other parts of the country, so I hope you aren't sending me to Monterrey, Tijuana or something like that"	I understand that you have more flights to other parts of the country, so I hope you aren't sending me to Monterrey, Tijuana, or something like that."
I understand you have more flights to other parts of the country, so I hope you aren't sending me to Monterrey, Tijuana or something like that"	I understand that you have more flights to other parts of the country, so I hope you aren't sending me to Monterrey, Tijuana or something like that"
-"Damm, Haven't you hear me this it is the right place so wait for your turn"	"Damn, Didn't you hear me? This is the right place, so wait for your turn."
-"Damm, Haven't you hear me this it is the right place so wait for your turn"	-"Damm, Didn't you hear me? This is the right place so wait for your turn"
-"...	-"...
:S"	:S"
I waited and waited until some passengers started to be impatient in the hall and started to ask the same questions I did it quit while ago.	I waited and waited until some passengers started to be impatient in the hall, and started to ask the same questions I did a while ago.
I waited and waited until some passengers started to be impatient in the hall and started to ask the same questions I did it quit while ago.	I waited and waited until some passengers became impatient in the hall and started to ask the same questions.that I had asked a while ago.
And...	And...
Oh!	Oh!
surprise because of them (the airline) I lost my flight.	surprise! because of them (the airline people) I lost my flight.
surprise because of them (the airline) I lost my flight.	Surprise! Because of them (the airline) I lost my flight.
surprise because of them (the airline) I lost my flight.	Surprise! Because of them (the airline) I lost my flight.
Also the half of the passengers hahahahaha XD, the exhausted of the day it wasn't the fact of wait for the reposition of my ticked and went on the noon, it was to hold their ineptitude.	Also, half of the passengers hahahahaha XD. The exhaustion of the day wasn't because of waiting for the reimbursement of my ticket, and going on the noon, it was dealing with their ineptitude.
Also the half of the passengers hahahahaha XD, the exhausted of the day it wasn't the fact of wait for the reposition of my ticked and went on the noon, it was to hold their ineptitude.	Half of the passengers lost theirs too hahahahaha XD. The exhaustion of the day wasn't the fact of waiting for the reimbursement of my ticket until noon, it was dealing with their ineptitude.
Lesson...	Lesson...
Go to the airport 1 1/2 hour before the flight and ask them 5 times to be sure hahahahaha.	Go to the airport 1 1/2 hours before the flight and ask them 5 times to be sure, hahahahaha.
I wish all of you have a good weekend ;)	I wish all of you have a good weekend ;)