he's still waiting for her to come back
He wasn't able to remember their first kiss.
She would have done.
He couldn't remember the first time they made love.
She would have done.
He wasn't able to even remember her voice, her smile, her smell...
She would have done.
The only thing he was able to remember after loosing her was her hands.
The 
way she used to touch softly his face.
He used to remember how those little hands made him feel every time she had touched him, not only every inch of his warm skin, but all of him...
drunk because of you
I feel guilty, but I don't know why.
Maybe, that relationship based in what we have called love, wasn't love but hate.
Even rage.
Now I'm here.
Alone.
In our home.
That place full of memories that hurt me more than you already did.
Why.
I'm not sure.
Maybe it's because I'm still missing you, because I'm still 
loving you.
However, I can't go back to the moment I saw you with your arms.
You were 
kissing a lips that weren't mine.
Even now, I can feel your hands touching her 
skin like you didn't touch mine.
So when I gasped in horror and you just looked at me, eyes filled with a lust that I didn't see before in them, I knew that "we" was over.
Since that moment, the word "we" was broken.
Now we're not us anymore but you and I
But, even if we're just you and I, I still have to get drunk because of this 
loneliness
Smile to me
"Please, smile"
"No"
The girl in a long shirt pouted once again and his boyfriend just sighed
"Why not, babe?
Come on, it's just a simple as it seems"
"No" the girl said once again, crossing her arms over her chest at the same time 
that she pressed her lips with more strength than just a second ago.
"But, why not?" the boy enquired, holding her tight.
"Hate my braces.
Don't want you to take more photographs, please" the girl begged, making him smile.
"Ok.
Then, I'll have to smile for both of us"
Waiting for you
Waiting for him is what she hates the most.
10.35 pm 
He’s not at home yet.
A soft whimper breaks the silence.
She looks again at the old clock.
11.05 pm
“Where are you?”
11.30 pm
The silence is surrounding her, and she can't help trembling while she thinks about him.
The living room is cold, so is she.
11.55 pm
“Where are you?”
Her voice is a whisper that disappears into the living room like a dream does when the night is over.
“I’m waiting for you… where are you?”
12.15 am
She can't stand it anymore and turns on the tv, and her eyes become fixed on the screen.
Breaking news:
A young man dies in a horrible car accident.
The culprit was driving under the influence of drugs and he hit the young man that was waiting for the last bus….
The sound of keys makes her jump and run though the corridor.
She needs to reach the main door, she needs to know that he’s fine… alive.
Breathless, she finally arrives there to find him taking his shoes off and she’s unable to control herself and holds him so tightly that he can't breathe.
$“Hey, what’s wrong, babe?” the boy asks softy, he’s tired because of work.
“Nothing, you’re here, that’s the only thing I need right now”
Smiling, the boy kisses her head and pulls her away softy “It’s late, you should be sleeping, not waiting for me” he says tenderly “You know I won’t be sleeping until you're here." Narrowing his eyes, the boy walks through the corridor until he realizes the TV is still on.
“Go to our room, I’ll turn off the TV and the lights” 
In silence, he crosses the door and his eyes glued on the screen.
A man’s bloody body lies on the road and next to him; a young woman cries her lungs out while two policemen try to avoid her to look at the cadaver.
Feeling goosebumps he turns off the TV and goes to their room.
There, he holds her tightly making her smile.
“Now that you’re here I can sleep”
For the first time in five years, he understands why she’s always waiting for him to come back home.
ANSWER AN INFORMAL LETTER
25 Olive tree street
18300 Granada
2nd September 2011-08-29
Dear Mrs Sanders
Thank you for your letter.
I´m very happy to staying with you during my English
course.
I´m arriving al Gatwick airport next 25th September at eight o´clock.
Are you going to pick me up at the airport?
If you are busy this day, I´ll get a train to London from the airport.
How can I go to the station until your house?
Do I have to get a taxi?
Or, can I go on foot.
May I have a single room?
I feel uncomfortable with people I don´t know.
And, how
much does the room cost?
Are the meals included?
About the meals, I´m allergic to pineapple, so I can´t eat anything with that fruit, but there isn´t any problem with another food because I like all food
I used to have for breakfast an orange juice, but now I prefer white coffee (I know that coffee is worse than juice, but when you need wake up, coffee is better than orange fruit)
When my English course finish, I´d like to stay one week more becuse I´ve never been in London before, so I´d like to go sightseeing with my boyfriend.
Can he stay with us in your house this week?
Looking forwards to hearing from you
Best wishes
Ángeles
WRITE ABOUT YOUR FAVOURITE PHOTO
My favourite photo was taken by my brother in 1998.
It was a summer day, when my
family and I decided to go to the first house where my parents lived.
It was a country house which had fields around it, where you can cultivate tomatoes, garlics, beans...
When my parents married, abuout fifty years ago, my father planted an olive tree, so that day tree was grown a lot and it gave a big shadows
That day was boiling, so we decided go out to have a lunch under that tree.
When we were eating, my brother took the photo.
I like this photo because it was a nice day wiht my family, and the photo is wonderful: we were sitting on the grownd, next to the olive tree and the countryside looks beautiful
I keep this photo in a night tble, nd when I go to sleep I look at it, and I remember that
day.
e-mail
Hi Juan
My name is Alejandra, and I´m Spanish, I live in the Southeast of Spain
I´m thirty-five years old, I have long hair, and I´m very tall, but I´m not very slim
because I don´t do any exercise, but at least I don´t smoke
I´m a chemestry teacher and I work in a secondary school in Vera which It´s too far
from my parents´ house where I live, so I need to rent a flat every year near my school.
I live whit my brother Jonh, he is older than me and he works in a shop
In my free time I love reading and go to the cinema (I usually go to the cinema every
Friday afternoon)
Now I´m studying English and that is the reason why I´m looking for friends on Internet
to writte them and tried to improve my English level
Please writte soon and tell me about you and your life
Best wishes
Alejandra
Introduce yourself 
My name is Juan.
I am Spanish.
I live in the southeast of Spain.
I am unemployed but I have worked as delivery man, cashier or personal assistant.
I have a girlfriend, she is a highschool teacher.
She lives an hour away from my house.
I weigh 200 pounds and I measure 6 feet.
I have black hair.
I am a bit shy and a little quiet.
The Christmas Eve
Today is the Christmas Eve.
I have been in my uncle's house.
we have been eateng a lot of food.
And we have been spoken between us.
we have been watched a movie on the television.
The movie that we have watched is Love Actualy.
This movie treats of several persons who known an other peaple.
And they fall in love.
there are several relationship and all of them are connected.
this movie is one of the movies I like.
The personal computers in our lives
today 'm going to write about how have the personal computer changed our lives in so little time.
When i was a little boy arrived at home my first personal computer.
I don't know that It was that.
And then my father did that it worked.
I saw to turn on and I shake the mouse.
When I was young the computer only used it to play.
Now the personal computer are impartants things in our lives.
We don't live without its.
And sometimes the most time we were in front of it.
we need it to work, to comunicate with the people, to play, to enjoy, and to show films and other activities.
hello
Hello, my name is kuvian and this is my first text that i write.
I'm twenty one years old.
I'm a student of architecture in Madrid.
I want to learn English because i need it for my future.
the english is very necessary.
I want to go to the country where English is official language and I want to learn and improve my English.
Intonation of questions
Guys, I need your help with intonation of questions in English, which is very different from the one we use in Spanish.
I've read that when it comes to yes-no questions (questions whose answers are "yes" or "no"), the intonation rises, and when speakers ask a wh-question (questions which begin with "who", "when", "how", etc), the intonation falls.
Is this so?
Thanks =) 
Politeness and rudeness
Hey guys!
A topic which I find fascinating is politeness and rudeness in English.
I've noticed that being polite in English-speaking cultures is extremely important, whereas it's not so important here in Argentina.
I've noticed that being polite in English-speaking cultures is extremely important, whereas it isn't so much here in Argentina.
For instance, I've been told that saying "What?" when you haven't understood what somebody has just said is not good manners.  
Instead, you should say: "I'm sorry, could you repeat that?", "Sorry, didn't quite catch that". The second example seems very British, but both are quite polite."
Instead, you should say: "I'm sorry, could you repeat that?", "Sorry, I didn't quite catch that".
Do you agree with this?
Could you give me any more examples of politeness and rudeness in English?
Thanks =)
 People can change
I think people can change if they want, do you agree with me?
especially if it's about love.
I believe perhaps it's hard but it´s not impossible.
commercial “The Out cold tablets” 
Dauhter 1: Uuuuuyyyy mammy I feel bad!!
I have a terrible headache and sore muscles!
I can not stand them.
Daughter 2:Hayy mammy I feel bad too.
I have cough, backache and insufferable flu.
Both daughters: What do we do?
Mother: Oh My daughters… I know!
I´ll give to you lemon with honey, because I don´t have money to take them to doctor…
Dr.: No!
Give them “Out cold tablets” They are the best...
Also this medicament don´t need prescription.
It acts against all symptoms of the cold in just 15 minutes.
(Mother gives the tablets to her daughters and passes 15 minutes)
Daughter 1: I feel fine.
Daughter 2: me too.
I´m happy
Mother: wow!
Only 15 minutes!
The doctor had the reason!!
Dr.: “Out cold tablets” for the quick relief against the cold!!
hello
hello , I need lerarn english .
I have a question 
What shall I write here?
jejejeje a friend told me I should write about my memories, is that true?
:) well I hope someone answers it :)
hallo 
Well , I will introduce myself. My name is Eric. I am from Colombia :D Latin America! Hallo !
P.S. : I know it is hello :) it's xD only cool like German
Yumiko is retiring
Well, first of all I have to say that i'm a huge fan of Takarazuka Revue, an all-female japanese theater; where girls perfom women and men.
The fact is that Takarazuka has many stars, who have a big troupe of fans, I'm one of them, and my favorite stars have been Sena Jun, Haruno Sumire, Mizu Natsuki, Todoroki Yuu, Yamato Yuuga, Ranju Tomu, Ouki Kaname, Otozuki Kei, Shizuki Asato, Wao Youka, Hanafusa Mari, Shirahane Yuri, Hizuki Hana, Asami Hikaru, Aran Kei, Wataru Kozuki, Kei Takashiro, Fuzuki Miyo, Ozuki Tooma, Ayaki Nao, Kiriya Hiromu, Ayano Kanami, Yuki Amami, Maya Miki, Mayo Suzukaze, Ayana Oto, Ayabuki Mao, yes, there have been many, and I didn't write all of them...
I hope I didn't forget someone very important to me.
The fact is that the last one mentioned, Ayabuki Mao, nicknamed Yumiko, announced her retirement a few days ago; it was a shock, a huge one.
She didn't get the most important position inside the theather, I mean she didn't become a top star.
For me she was all my life, I really had the hope I would see her one day (actually I live in Perú, and she is in Japan, so...
 ) and now my whole dream was broken.
I have been so sad these days that I didn't go to the university (I'm 18), so you could imagine how I feel...
We don't know the reasons why is she retiring, may be we would never know.
But I still hope to see her one day, it doesn't matter when, where and how...
I only want to see her smile and her cute dimples.
I have to say you 'sayonara' my dear Yumi-chan.
Panettone
It is not the typical bread we eat during Christmas. Panettone is my dog's name, he's an one year old -male dog. Even though we have another five dogs and I love all of them, he's my favorite one ^^ 
No, not the bread we usually eat at Christmas: Panettone is my dog's name, he's an one year old boy-dog, and even if we have another five dogs and I love all of them, he's my favorite one ^^
Why?
Well, maybe because I saw him growing up without a mommy. I used to sing for him and we used to run many kilometers under the blue sky or the cold rain. I take care of him when he's ill, when I'm crying he seems to know what happens to me and stay with me whining so cutely ^^ I really love him.
Sadly since the university started I don't have enough time to stay with him...
He's with the other ones living in the country, and I'm here in the city alone...
I miss him so so much, I wish I could have him here now I'm about to cry...
Ballet
This year I've started to study ballet. It's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child, or at least that was I always thought, but I was lucky to have the chance.
This year I started taking ballet lessons. They say you can only become good at ballet if you begin practicing as a child (at least that's what I've always heard), but I think I'm lucky to have the chance now.
It was embarrassing at first because I was the oldest girl there, but with time I've learned to enjoy it ^^
Our teacher always says "I will never allow my students to be less than me. You have to become at least as good as me." 
This month he wants our us to debut as a ballet company, not only as a academy, so we are doing to do a show with other academies from Peru, Chile and Argentina.
This month he wants us to debut as a ballet company, not only as a academy, so we are going to do a show with other academies from Peru, Chile and Argentina.
Rehearsals have been really hard, but everyone is motivated with the idea and we are doing our best.
We are doing "Coppelia", even though we are not professional dancers. We are adding a little bit of fun to the original play and it is going it great.
I'm really excited and really tired ^^
Feeling the wind
My vacation days are nearly over, so I thought it was a good time to get some wind.
I went to my parent's farm and from the third floor of our home I enjoyed the whole day feeling the wind and watching the far ocean. I was thrilled until the day ended, it had been so wonderful that I didn't want my day to finish.
I went to my parents' farm and from the third floor of our home I enjoyed feeling the wind all day and watching the faraway ocean. I was thrilled until the day ended; it had been so wonderful that I didn't want my day to end.
I ate there, listened to some music, read some of my favorite fics and had a lot of fun alone. I like to be alone most of the time, judging I have a sister. She wouldn't like to stay the whole day out in the sun.
It seems that when you're enjoying yourself as much as possible the time passes too quickly; well, that's how I felt , anyway.
The night was wonderful, too; there weren't many stars to see as is usual, but the moon was shining and I could see the city.
Enjoying my free time is the best I can do most of the time, but seeing the lights of the city...
made me feel worried again, thinking that the next day I would have to came back and do the things I'm used to, come back to the routine...
ah, I want to feel that wind again.
Missing my home
It has been too long since I wrote an entry here.
What can I do?
A university student's life never seemed this hard (_ _);
It's not I'm complaining about it, I mean, I know that things are not always so easy, but still...
homework is drive me crazy...
I came here, to the city, only for educational reasons, and I used to go to the farm every weekend to visit my parents, my pets, and the another animals ^^ I had a lot of fun!
But ultimately I haven't gone to the farm recently, that makes me a little sad, it's really a beautiful place, that's why I talk a lot about it ^^.
There you have to work a lot but the feeling is really good, it's not like the one you get being in a room with a lot of noise around you.
I need more time!
To take some rest and to improve my English too...
really, I haven't been studying it. So I hope you can help me.
Thank you!
A rainy day
Here, in my country it is supossed to be summer, and, yeah, it is very hot most of the time...
Here, in my country, is supposed to be summer; normally, it is very hot most of the time.
but these days, it's been only raining, and it isn't a summer rain; it isn't normal.
But lately, it's only been raining. It isn't a summer rain; it's not normal.
My city is situated near the sea. Therefore, when it rains, the sea becomes dangerous, and for fishermen, it is so difficult.
Well, I don't live so near the beach, not now 'cause I study in the city but I have friends living near there, and the fact that something could happen to them makes me feel fear.
Well, I currently don't live close to the beach, 'cause I study in the city. But I have friends that live near there, and the fact that something can happen to them make me fear for them.
Now it is rainig too, I can't go out 'cause it is a little imposible to see the streets 'cause of the fog.
Now, it is raining, again. I can't go out 'cause it is a little difficult to see the streets due to the fog.
Maybe it is a really Global Warming; we can't play with the earth anymore.
We musn't.
So, Mizu is retiring too...
Some time ago, I was shocked bythe announcement of Yumiko's retirement...
now, another of my favorites stars, Mizu Natsuki, is retiring too!
in September this year.
what happened!?
A friend told me that Yumiko's retirement wasn't her own will, I mean, she was kicked out U.
U it's so sad, I would fine if Yumiko was the one who wanted to retire; may be, I tought, she wanted a rest and if she wants a rest because of her happiness, I will would be happy too....
but, to know she is being hired...
just make me feel really really annoyed, why?
she is so talented; a great voice, a great dancer an excellent actress why?
U.
U
Now Chika san (Mizu Natsuki), her retirement annoucement was so strange, I mean, normally when someone is ready to retire from the company use the news as a kind of publicity for the show; but this time nobody, neither Chika san knows anything about the show; and it was announced 9 months before; the normal thing is 6 months ago...
all those things don't let me sleep, All of this keeps me from sleeping yeah I know, it's kind of silly ^^
but, what can I do?
I care for my stars thousands of kilometers away.
All for Yumiko
Actually there is a contest in a LJ community for Mizu&Yumiko, about fics and fanarts, and the prizes look wonderful!
a calendar, chirasis and postcards, ^^ well there are wonderful for me...
facing the fact I have never had in my hands something original about Takarazuka.
Now I wanna participe with a fanfiction, ah, there are two suggested topics, Wedding and Dresses...
Nothing easy but nothing impossible either ^^ The contest ends on February 16th and I don't have written any word T-T, it's not my fault, there have been tons of political problems in my university that have affected us a lot.
My brain is broken, there only 2 days left and I don't have any fic written...
I wanna, at least participate with something, but I'd rather have something good...
oh God, help me!
All for you...
Yumiko
Another letter
Can someone help me with the grammar of this letter?
Dear administrator 
I´m writing for information about the “Postgraduate Special Program”, my inquiry is about if you are going to continue with this program in 2012.
If you are going to continue with this program, can you help me with the admission information for the 2012 program?
Can you help me with the admission dates, too?
I’ lettering you because I couldn’t find the information on the universities’ website.
Thanks for your attention.
You can contact to me to next mails: f…..@gmail.
com or r…..@hotmail.
com
You think I need to be more formal or It's ok if send this letter to university administrator?
Thanks for the help.
It was rare to see the sky so clear in my town.
I've always loved cold and colorless things.
Maybe that is why i woke up so grumpy 
Or maybe it was because this was the frist day of class after the summer holidays.
Someone rang the bell.
Immolare English Lyrics
My listened and spoken english is so poooooooor, so help me to write the lirycs of this song:
Thanks!
I trought...:
Looking your creation.
(¿) shining star
This (?)  immolation
(¿) last…
I see (?) dancing
We touch (?)
It’s your imagination
The (?)
I feel you on my life
Where you foun you to the (?)
I wish you with stay with me for one last time
I want close my eyes
To the end more time
I wish to seeing your (?) close small?
(?) No immolate
You no I want survive
(?) you stay in love with me 
Tonight～
The room is absolbation
(?)
(?) your dicepcion 
(?)
(?)
It’s ready in my dreams
The (?) exaltation
Run (?)
I (?) on my life
Waiting for you too (?)
I wish you with stay with me for one last time 
I want close my eyes
To the end more time
I wish to seeing your (?) close small?
(?) No immolate
You no I want survive
(?) you stay in love with me 
Lullaby (A lullaby is, by definition, a song :)
My kid is not smiling, 
My kid doesn't come to me, 
My kid doesn't notice me.
Someday we will meet again
I will sing to you while you lie in my arms 
Do you remember this song I sang to you, 
I sang to you so that you could sleep?
Tuesday, September 4th
1.- MEXICO IS hotter THAN CALGARY.
2.- CALGARY IS MUCH CLEANER THAN MY HOMETOWN.
3.- THERE ARE MoreBUILDINGS in Calgary THAN in MY CITY.
4.- MY CITY THERE AREN´T SOME BEAUTIFUL CARS THAN CALGARY.There aren't as many beautiful cars in my city as in Calgary. Calgary has more beautiful cars than my city. 
5.- PARKS IN CALGARY ARE MORE INTERESTING THAN PARKS IN MY CITY.
6.- MY HOMETOWN IS SMALLER THAN CALGARY.
1.- CALGARY HAS A (very) tall BUILDING, IN MY HOMETOWN DOESN´T HAVE A (very) tallBUILDING.
2.- CALGARY IS SAFEr THAn MY CITY.
Friday, September 9th
1.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
2.
The early bird catches the worm.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
3.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
4.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
5.
A stitch in time saves nine.
6.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
7.
Birds of a feather flock together.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
IT´S SIMILAR TO SPANISH.
8.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
SOCCER IS MORE INTERESTING THAN BASEBALL, BECAUSE WHEN YOU play BASEBALL, YOU SPEND A LOT OF TIME STANDING IN THE SAME PLACE, AND IF YOU ARE playing SOCCER GAME, YOU RUN ALL over THE FIELD. I THINK SOCCER IS THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD.
Please help me!!
Please anybody teache me who cant learn english?
My first article in site web
Hello all members of this network.
I want to share with you a little about me.
I am Mexican and want to learn the international language which is English
can someone help me???
Hi, my real name is Ana.
And I'm looking for someone to teach me japanese.
I don't know japanese very well, only the basic sentences.
Also my writing isn't that good.
so can someone help me learn japanese?
i will try my best to cooperate.
Letter to a friend
Dear Santos, 
How are you?
I´m sorry but I couldn´t write you for a long time because I have had a lot of job.
I still working as graphic designer at home, Is the third year that I´m work at freelance.
As you know, it´s not the better year, but I still alive.
On next weekend i´ll go with Joolz, Pedro and Celine to Lisbon, we´ll go to see the Muse concert.
They´ll also come to Madrid, but the tickets were depleted at first month.
Besides we´ll go to visit the city, and like Celine comes with us we´ll not have problems with the language.
We´ll go in Arturo´s car, because Joolz lost his job, and the company´s car with it.
He´s fine, and now he started to play the bass in order to exploit the time… in addition he began a relationship with Maria one month ago.
(Charly´s sister) 
To conclude, I start to talk with Pedro, Iñaki and Juan in order to create a graphic design company.
We are three designers and one programmer, and I think that can be a good way to make some money, but we must go step by step.
Next time I´ll write to you, I hope have good news at respect.
And this is all, at least at this time.
I wait you can tell me any news about you stay abroad.
See you soon.
Benny 
PD: As you can see, I began my English class…
I need to learn English. Can you help me?
Hello anybody:
My name is Alejandro.
I am from Colombia and I really need to learn English.
Can you help me???????????????
Newbie here!
I've known of 8-Lang for a few years, I think I even registered once (although if I remember correctly, I didn`t participate in any way), but today I was thinking about ways of improving my writing for the IELTS exam and suddenly remembered this place.
I hope this won't be my only post, and that once I get the hang of it, I'll be able to contribute to the community ^^
See you around!
Snow on the trees
Hello friends
What's new?
Here where I live it's really cold and we have a lot of snow, it is nice
specially when you practice some sport outside like skit or snowboard
I don't practice any out sport, but i like to see the landeskate, all 
trees white, and the celling of the houses white an smoke going 
out for de fire place, but only I hate driving that is so dificul when it's
snowing.
Letter to my friend
Hello, Dear Hanka
Hello Dear Friend
I hope that you are enjoy your deserve vacations.
I am aeger to see you and to lisen to you your experience in  Russia.
Jaime and I have been walking in the mornings we are to trying to do some excercise.
Everybody in my family is very well, the kids enjoyed the visit to my Mother and Sister-in-law, they were for twon weeks and they back last saturday to Puerto Rico.
Mikey it is well he is growing a lot and beautifull, definitively he is a good dog.
Let me know when you will be back.
lose weight
Hello 
I am trying to lose weight too, I starded last 1st January, I am running 5 miless each day, and I am eating healthy, well I am trying.
I will like to lose weight and speak English when this year finish, for now I'm going little by little
Hello Dear Lis
Hello Dear Lis
I hope that you and your family are enjoying the summer, thanks for send me the pictures I am very sorpraice how big is Adian, he is big ans handsome, 
You look great, and the girls, well, no need to mention it.
They look gorgeous.
Liz I want to tell you happy birthday I remenber you always, because you are a important person in my life, I hope for you a nice day and alot of happines.
Please give a lot of kisses to the kids.
Merci
Merci Stephania
merci de correct je que vous pouvez m'enseigner le pronom.
I = je
You = tu
He = il
She = elle
?
=  on
we = nous
You =  vous
???
= ils
They = elles
si tu avez besoin de l'aide dans l'Espagnol je peux vous aider = 
if you you need help in Spanish I can help you, sorry I used translator.
My new niece
Good Morning, everyone
I hope that everyone had been having a good time in the latest holiday.
I have 
been happy because I have a new niece. She was born on January 1st, and her name is Maria Alejandra. She is so cute.
I am soo happy because my brother is a man who is really cold with kids. He was apathetic about them, but now he looks as if he has changed. He cares about his little girl and his wife.
I am soo happy although I can only see her through pictures. We are far away from each other.
Jenny
oral exam
Hello!I'm sitting an oral exam tomorrow and I'm a bit nervous.
I hope to do my best and pass it.
Now I'm just trying to guess what I will be asked about.
I'm thinking about different topics and vocabulary related to them: the recession, recycling...
I would like to use some idioms and daily spoken expresions, but the problem is sometimes I don't know whether certain expressions are commonly used or their degrees of formality.
knock one's socks off
Could anyone tell me what does it mean?
And my dream... came true.
Please be extremely strict when correcting this text.
Thanks!
Hey friends!
Since I joined this social network I’ve always written my posts in Japanese but today I’ll give English a chance!
I’d like to tell you all about something that ocurred a few days ago and that will likely change my life for the better.
To fully understand what I’m about to say let’s go back to January for a moment, when I took an interview seeking to participate in a course on innovation and leadership that would be held at my university.
According to what people familiar with the matter said to us, after a 4-month period of hard work the students who proved oustanding leadership skills and an uncanny ability to learn would be picked up and sent to different parts of the world to do an internship in the most innovative companies.
I was luckly to finally be selected to take part in that particular adventure and I committed myself to go after that internship and to strive to make my dream of working for a big bank come true.
A lot has happened since January.
3 guys and I formed a team and we’ve been working together one session after another.
Besides my teammates, they have become my friends.
Now they are people I know I can trust and whom I’m sure I will received support from when necessary.
Last week I received a call from the person who was in charge of the selection process and they asked me one of the easiest questions I have ever been asked: “Would you like to work in one of the largest Asian banks next summer?”
OF COURSE I WOULD!!!!!!!!
It looks like I’ll be working for Bank Mega in Jakarta for 2 months starting on July, 1st.
I’ll be using English on a daily basis and thus I decided to brush it up here on Lang-8 ;-)
Well...
why was I selected?
Here is what I think.
To be honest with you, I’m not a smart guy.
I’m not the kind of student that consistently rises his hand in class and comes up with all the right answers.
I don’t have good grades and I don’t even enjoy my classes.
Despite studying information technology engineering I know this is not the place I’d like to be.
In fact, I have no doubt that once I graduate from university I’ll do something which will bear little or no connection with what I’m currently studying at school.
However, I think I’m an intelligent guy.
As I said, I don’t have all the answers but...
you know what?
I do have the right questions.
Sometimes it’s not about knowing everything (it’s technically impossible to know everything) but about asking the right questions to the right people.
I once was told –or maybe I just read it– that those who now raise their hands and know all the answers will eventually end up working FOR someone who may not be good at solving difficult physics problems but can get and lead the right people effectively towards an even better solution.
That’s the type of person I’d like to become.
In this Academia program (the course I took) it was not wisdom what was rewarded, but zeal.
The zeal to learn and the potential to thrive internal and externally.
Finally I’d like to share some words from Thomas L.
Friedman, the 3-times-winner of the Pulitzer prize.
In his fantastic book “The World is Flat,” Friedman speaks about how the world has changed and why you’re no longer competing for a job position against people from your own city or country.
The truth is that you’re now competing against every inhabitant of the world.
There’s no room for “a Spanish job” or a “Japanese job”.
Those kind of jobs have simply disappeared.
One more thing this incredibly brilliant journalist tells us in his book is that in a flat world, IQ is gradually giving way to CQ, which stands for Curiosity Quoficient.
All your IQ lets you do is most likely outsource to India or China. Now  it’s your Curiosity Quotient, your genuine and intense passion for learning new things what really counts out there.
I won’t be in Jakarta because of my IQ.
I will be there thanks to my CQ.
In other words: I won’t be in Jakarta because I know everything.
I will be there because I’d love to know it.
Thanks for reading my long post and I wish you all a great weekend.
P.
S.
If any of you know anything about Bank Mega please leave a comment!
If you don’t, leave it anyway ;-) they are always appreciated.
For my original blog please go to: http://guille.exblog.jp
Adventure in the forest.
My name is Marcela.
Last weekend my friend, Ana and I went camping to the forest.
The second day we went to a river and we were there the whole day until my friend was attacked by a snake so we went back to the camping site.
She was feeling really bad.
In the camping site was a forest ranger that helped us.
It was winter, suddenly began to snow heavily and we hadn’t had the necessary clothes, so we decided to return home but the car didn’t work.
We were very cold and we wanted to call to the police but there was no signal.
So we started walking until we went out of the forest quickly.
We had walked for a while before we got to the police.
Then when we got to the police office our parents came to look for us desperately.
Fortunately nothing had happened.
今週の日曜日にテストをします
漢字分からないですから、どこでてつだてことができますか
please, if only someone can recommend me a book or something.
Hi everybody !!!
Let me introduce myself, my name is David.
I'm from Mexico.
So where should I start.....
OK....
I began to study English 5 years ago, I think, but I forgot a lot of words and expressions. Then I found this site, Lang-8, and I thought, "Why not, I'll continue learning English and get corrections for my writing." "Let's" sounds awkward here.
Yesterday I went to the cinema to watch "Bounty Hunter" (in Spanish "El caza recompensas") with Jennifer Aniston and Gerard Butler.
The movie wasn't the one I was thinking of, because I thought it was a comedy???!!!! But no, the movie is a romantic show with a little bit of comedy. More natural: "It turned out that the movie wasn't what I was expecting..."
I recommend it to the guys that have a troubled relationship and don't understand why he and his girlfriend can't be together but can't be separate either (sniff, sniff, sniff)
Today, I didn't have my Japanese class because of the "Semana Santa." I have been studying for 3 months and I hope in a few months I'll be able to have a full Japanese conversation (I think....)
And tomorrow morning, I will go see my mother who was on vacation the whole week......
and......
I think I will be resting and cleaning my room all Sunday (maybe watching a rented movie, but I don't which one) and then.....
Start working on Monday again at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Ok, that's all....
Thanks for your comments and corrections.
Best Regards
Hola, soy nuevo por aquí y no se ni por donde empezar....
Alguien me ayuda?
quiero aprender ingles!
:D
Monday 
Today was a normal day, just a little bit more exhausting.
I think the main reason for that is because I couldn't sleep more than 4 hours and I need at least 9.
School was fine because I was just fooling around all day with a friend and we didn't do anything at all the whole day.
After school I went to my violin lesson and played "Melodia en La" by Astor Piazzolla with my teacher, who plays the cello beautifully.
It was really cool.
Now I'm listening to a really great album called "The 5000 Spirits Or The Layers Of The Onion".
The Incredible String Band is awesome.
Today I think I'll go to bed earlier and try to get some sleep.
I NEED to learn good ENGLISH ?
Hi!
My name is Zulima, I am from Colombia and I have lived in Australia for seven months with my husband and my son.
I need to learn English quickly.
In June I will be starting a master's degree in accounting and I would like to find a job in that but I feel nervous about the interview, because my speaking is not very good.
I don't know if I am prepared for that.
I am happy living in Australia. Jobs for students are a little hard to find but you can earn money for everything but...
if you have a baby....
life would be harder because childcare in Australia is very expensive.
SOME QUESTIONS!!
Thanks for the corrections and the advice!
But could you help me with some questiones for the interview.
I will be able answer them and after that send them to you.
I have to prepare a conversation about my personal and profesional live.
Working sleepy
Today was a really busy day.
Last night I went to sleep around 3 am.
I am kind of a computer geek, so I know how to make documents using Latex, a program to make academic writings.
So I was helping a friend that had problems with her masters thesis, and it was the last day before the deadline.
I am working as a part-time programmer in a Japanese company.
I start working at 10:00, but I spend one hour traveling by train from home.
So, I have to get up at 7:00 to get to work on time.
I slept about 4 hours and I was sleepy all day.
Anyway, one day closer to Friday!
when you are colombian
i guess when you are colombian and people  said us where are you from?
perhaps we'll felling proud  i´ve been thinking how you felling be the others conutry.
is a custom in colombia take some cup of coffe and i am colombian   
Hola !!1
I want to improve my English, anyone can help me?
:D
Hi
Hi i am Marcela ,i am from Colombia and i wish to learn english !
Can you help me ?
Dialogue
Mrs Stappleton said to her husband that he looked much better and invited him to have a drink.
He agreed and told her that he knew about the strange visitor they’d had that day.
As he couldn’t remember meeting him before, he asked her where she knew him from.
Mrs Stappleton explained that they used to have contact with his sister, called Anne Nuttle, and asked him if he remembered her.
However, he denied having met her before.
Mrs Stappleton exclaimed that he was always forgetting people and suggested that he should pay more attention, but he refused to accept that advice and boasted about having a very good memory.
Mrs Stappleton reminded him that the girl used to work in the rectory about four years ago.
He said that he was sorry and admitted not remembering her.
Finally, Mrs Stappleton told him that the lady’s brother had been there going through a cure for his nerves.
She supposed that that was the reason why he acted in such a way; they both thought he really looked disturbed, especially when he ran out of the house.
At the end, Mrs Stappleton invited her husband to talk about his day.
Minasan konnichiwa
Konnichiwa!
Watashi wa Eru desu.
Juugosai desu.
Paraguai jin desu.
Nihongo wo benkyou shitai.
Demo ima watashi wa heta desu.
OSHIETE KUDASAI !!!
Watashi wa hontou ni benkyou shitai !!!
Yoroshiku^^
Hello
I`m new in this place, I`m learning english and japanese.
I`m from Paraguay, and I`m 15 years old.
I think here i could learn more english and write better (I hope ^^) Also i want to make a lot of friends!
I`m studing IT (Informatic Tecnology...
i think)...
I like computers and all related to it.
Thanks for correcting me, i`ll be happy to be corrected.
Bye bye ^^
how are you
Hello love. how are you?
:) 
Hi Canadian people !!
♥
Today is Monday!
:) is day: Today I have:
school
the cinemaCorrect, but in Canada we usually call them 'the movies'
friends
food
tv
facebook
twitter
cellphone
sleep
and !!!!
DO HOMEWORK !
If you have, obviously :) 
If you have any, obviously :) 
The difference between Calgary and Mexico.
•My country is not nearly as cold as Canada.
•My conutry is not nearly as beautiful as Canada.
•My hometown is as city as in my country.Double-check this sentence as I'm not sure what you mean here. 
•My hometown is the smallest as parks in my county. Same here, I'm not sure of what you want to say.
•My country is not as friendly as Calgary/Canada.
•My hometown is nearly as small as Calgary.
Canada is not as dangerous as my country.My country is not as friendly as Canada. 
•My hometown is almost as hot as Calgary some days.
•My country is almost as intelligent as Canada.* The people in my country as almost as intelligent as the people in Canada.
•My hometown is not nearly as safe as Calgary.
I LOVE CALGARY !
n_n
•My country is not as important as as a First World country. 
•My homwtown isn't as large as Calgary.
The bread in my country isn't as sweet as the bread in Canada.
Friday..Homework♥
Do you have sayings in your language that are similar to or the same as the following English proverbs.
1.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch            =Exactly
2.
The early bird catches the worm.
=Exactly 
3.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
=Same
4.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
=Exactly 
5.
A stitch in time saves nine.
= I don't know :D
6.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
=Same
7.
Birds of a feather flock together.
=Same
8.
A rolling stone gathers no moss                             =Exactly
1.
The he went to the village lost his chair.He who leaves town loses his chair. 
2.
Better to go to bed without dinner than wake up without lunch.
3.
Better to receive than to provide.
4.
Better late than never.
5.
He who marries at twenty, doesn't reach twenty and a half.
6.
Missing everything in life, especially in death.
...
I have visited many cities, and
I think
I think it's
the most have been in Mexico.
For example, 
Mexico City,
Morelia,
Quintana Roo, Chihuahua, San Luis Potosi, Queretaro, Guadalajara, Tampico, Veracruz,
Michoacan, and more.
I think
I think it's
because my dad LOVES to drive, and
when I was in elementary school,
we had many vacations.
. Every vacation, 
he said to me, "Geli, come on.
Tell your mom we're going on vacation for 2 weeks, let's go to Tampico( or some place).
♥
Love is the most important thing in the world !
♥
Family, friends ..
and YOU!
♥
Simple Sentence
I didn't find any change for Mónica nor Salvador.
Help me english
Hello.
I studing english in an course of Bussinees english.
I don't speak english, is very difficult for the verbs conjugation and the vocabulary.
Help Me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I need writing my curriculum for work in countries where speaking english.
Now, I unemployyed and I need work.
The companys need always people what to speak language for comunity whit people around the word.
I need to learn speaking english for to find job in companys to dedicated consultory managen.
My experiencie is very good, because more de twenty years of experiencie in management of car´s company.
Who can help for work?
I will writing next day my curriculum in english.
Adeu.
Some random post
Hello everyone.
So, I decided to write this post as some practice for my English, why?
Because I'm taking the CAE in a couple of months and I really want to get rid of those little, but terrible mistakes, so I though that the best way to do it would be to write some random posts in English here, about...
because I'm taking the CAE in a couple of months and I really want to get rid of those little but terrible mistakes, so i thought that the best way to do it, would be writing some random posts in English here, about...
anything xD and this is the first of those.
That's all I have to say for now.
Thanks for your corrections.
Bye
PS: Sorry about the lack of ideas =).
Killin' time
Currently, (right now) i'm listening to Back to School by Deftones.
A friend of mine said something about the hidden messages in songs.
I've never thought about it.
Have you ever found a song with a special hidden message on it?
What was it?
Was it good?
Bad?
Just tell me the song was a great one.
She told me that most rock songs have a hidden message, what do you think about it?
Well...
i gotta go.
I'm gonna sing the chorus hahaha.
pantalones!!!
chepe263
i would like someone help me with this essay. thanks
BECAUSE OF CARS ARE SO CONVENIENT PUBLIC TRANSPORT HAS NO FUTURE
Travel by car is the best option for a lot of people.
This transport is fast, flexible and avoids you be waiting to go whatever you want.
Even in smalls towns, where public transport is no enough and slow.
On the one hand, using a car, avoid to one individual are worried about when bus will leave of arrive to the bus stop.
This let more time to spend in others tasks or even, more relax time, something important nowadays.
On the other hand, is cheaper take a public transport if it is compared with the car expenses at end of year.
For example, car fuel expenses, repairs and the worst, the effects over enviroment are very high, if every person drive his own vehicle.
Twenty peoply taking a bus will contaminate less than use their own car.
To sump up, every person must think about advantages and disadvantages for himself, using one or other kind of transport.
It depends on city where he live.
Comparing expenses with every option at end of year, is the best way to find his rigth option.
184 words
formal letter to director english academy
Dear Mr.
Webster,
I am writing in response to your letter.
I am very honored to be selected into your academy. 
I am sure I will learn a lot of English in your school.
This is a great opportunity for me and my career prospects.
I need to get a high level in English because it's an essential skill required for working overseas and getting a good job in a company.
For accommodation I prefer a youth hostel.
I think it is cheaper and I can practice a lot of English with my flatmates. In addition, it would be a good way to meet new people and establish and maintain good friendship.
On the other hand, I live in place where weather is warm constantly all year, but i think it is diferent in Manchester, maybe raining often, I would like know it, to be ready with appropriate clothes and shoes, when I get there.
I will be looking forward in receiving your reply. 
Yours Sincerely.
Dani
EMAIL. MY FAVOURITE RECIPE
EMAIL.
MY FAVOURITE RECIPE
Sender: malcom
Addresse: malcom@hotmali.
es
Subject: my favourite récipe
Dear friend,
Thanks for your letter.
I am all right, I'm still working in Galicia.
Our friends are always asking for you, you should write to them.
In response to your question about a recipe for your party, my favourite food is roast chicken.
To cook it you will need:
1   whole chicken
1/2 cup margarine
Olive, salt, and peper.
Cooking process:
1.
Preheat oven to 175 degrees.
2.
Cover the roasting pan lightly with margarine including over chicken and season with salt and peper.
Pour the olive oil over the chicken.
3.
Bake uncovered for 1 hour and remove from heat.
Baste with its own sauce and serve
You will have success with my recipe.
I am sorry I cannot be there but I am sure it will be a great dinner.
I have to go now.
Write soon!
Lots of love
Pedro.
formal letter to director english academy
Dear Mr.
Webster,
I am writting in response to your letter.
I am very glad too for go to your academy.
I am sure i will learning a lot of english in your school.
This is a great oportunity for my and my career.
I need to get a high level  english,  because is an essentil skill to work abroad, and get a good  job in a company.
For accommodation i prefer a youth hostel.
I think is cheaper and i will can practice a lot english with my flatmates, in addition to, it would be a good way to meet new people and get friends quickly.
On the other hand, i live in place where weather is all  year warm, but i think is diferent in manchester, maybe raining often, I would like know it, to be ready with appropiate clothes and shoes, when i get there.
I look forward to receive your reply.
I am, yours sincerely.
Dani
prove
hi, this is mi proving this site.
Thank you for correct this.
im from ecuador, tomorrow im going to my job .
im a web developer.
Greetings!
Hello!
I'm from Spain and I've been learning English since I can remember...
I entered this website because I need to practice my oral English, since it's been a long time without talking with someone native and I desperately need it.
So, I will thank anyone who'd like to talk with me!
A heavenly bridge,
Sometimes we think god is oblivious to our worries and needs that he is blind and deaf, we feel far away form his presence, but we are wrong cause he is close to us, it´s just we are not using one of the main weapons of every heavenly citizen, the pray, this is the bridge between heaven and earth, jus use it.
My First Post ^^
Hello ^^.
I guess that I'm going to talk about what I'm gonna do today.
well...
I'm at university and I'm just finishing the semester, because of that, I've been so busy recently studying for the final tests, and doing work, it has been really stressful.
Today I have to study for the final test on Immunology this Wednesday, and I have to start doing my Korean homework. 
For the next class I have to listen to a Korean song and try to write down the lyrics, I want to choose "I can't let you go, even if I die" by 2AM, can you recommend another song to me?
Today is Sunday   :-(
Hello everybody, this is my second entry on this website.
I was bored so I decide sit in front of my computer and write something.
I have started reading the book A song of Fire and Ice (Game of thrones). I first start watching the TV series, but I can’t wait one week for watch the next episode, so I decided start reading the book.
I have started reading the book A song of Fire and Ice (Game of thrones). I first started watching the TV series, but I can’t wait one week to watch the next episode, so I decided to start reading the book.
I started to read in English because I thought that it was useful for getting some more vocabulary, but… I realized that I have no idea about English vocabulary (haha) I had read some books in English but those were technical books and the vocabulary is not so descriptive and they usually use an intermediate vocabulary but this, haha I can not read a paragraph without looking up one or two words in the dictionary.
I started to read in English because I thought that it was useful for improving my vocabulary but… I realized that I have no idea what a lot of the English vocabulary means (haha). I have read some books in English but those were technical books and the vocabulary is not so descriptive and they usually use an intermediate vocabulary but this, haha I cannot read a paragraph without looking up one or two words in the dictionary.
Due to this, I think that reading this book will take some time.
On the other hand I have to say that today is Sunday and this is the day of the week that I hate most , I don’t know why but maybe it is because the Sundays are so boring. The only good thing about Sunday is that I have a lot of free time in which I can go to running by the bank of the river, so after I finish to write this I will go out to have some fun.
On the other hand I have to say that today is Sunday, and this is the day that I hate the most. I don’t know why but maybe it is because the Sundays are so boring, the only good thing about Sunday is that I have a lot of free time in which I can go to running by the bank of the river. So after I finish to writing this I will go out to have some fun.
Bye everybody.
The F1
This weekend is the Grand prix of Europe here in Valencia, and in this entry I would like to comments about it.
It may look like all is beautiful, a least when you see the city on TV. The real truth is that every big event that the government makes is only to earn money.
Well, what I really want to say is that the government really steals rather than earns money.
I said this because in every event that they have here they lose money. Like with the America’s cup, all that they said was that the competition brings money to the city, but really they only spend money. Finally, the balance is always negative for the citizens that pay for those events with our taxes.]
Perhaps this sounds like some rough language for my city. The city is pretty, but I blame politics and see politicians as a bunch of thieves that should not be re-elected.
Thanks for reading this, bye.
More or less my work.
Hi, today I really don’t want to write much but I set myself as a goal to write at least 4 entries a week to improve my English, so here I am writing something with no idea what to write.
Hi, today I really don’t want to write much, but I set a goal for myself to write at least 4 entries per week to improve my English. So here I am writing something with no idea what to write about.
Hi, I really don’t want write much today, but I set myself a goal to write at least 4 entries a week to improve my English, so here I am writing something with no idea what to write.
Well after this little reflection I will write about my job, I am working in a company, in fact I am working in the I+D section (investigation and development, I don’t know what it is called in English), currently we are working on a European project and for this reason all reports that I have to do I have to write in English, more or less I write as well as I can and later my boss corrects my mistakes in the final report, this really helps me write in English and this is one of the reasons that I am practice English on this website.
Well after this little reflection I will write about my job, I am working for a company in the R&D section (research and development). Currently we are working on an European project, and for this reason all reports that I have to write are in English, more or less I write as best as I can and later my boss corrects my mistakes in the final report. This really helps my written English, and this is one of the reasons why I am practicing English on this website.
Well, after that little disclaimer I will write about my job. I am working for a company in the R&D section (Research and Development). Currently we are working on a European project, and for this reason I have to write all the reports that I have to do in English. More or less, I write as well as I can and my boss corrects my mistakes later on in the final report. This really helps me write in English and is also one of the reasons for that I am practicing the English on this website.
I do other things apart from writing reports; not all tasks are so boring haha, I also have to program, design and test the devices and also assist with conference calls with the other partners of the project, of course all meetings are spoken in English .
I do other thinks apart from writing reports, and not all of my tasks are so boring, haha. I also program, design and test the devices and other tasks to assist the conference calls with the other partners of the project. Of course all meetings are in English .
I do other things aside from writing reports; not all of my tasks are that boring, haha. I also have to program, design and test the devices, and another one of the tasks is to assist conference calls to the other partners of the project. Of course all meetings are held in English.
Maybe this entry is too boring but how I said before, today I didn’t know about what write, another day I will try write something much funnier.
Maybe this entry is too boring, but I said it before, today I don't know what to write, another day I will try write something funnier.
Maybe this entry is too boring, but like I said before, I didn’t know what to write about today. I will try write something funnier another day .
Thanks a lot, Bye.
Thanks a lot! Bye.
Change of season
Hello, today I will write about the change of season.
Today we change from spring to summer, although here the heat is insufferable as it is over 30° C. Here in Valencia (Spain) we have a tradition; I don’t know if in others countries they do the same thing but here we call it San Juan’s night (translation is La noche de San Juan) and this party is about how young people and not so young. We go to the beach and we make a bonfire, then we cook some meat on the embers and when midnight comes it is tradition to ask one wish and jump over the embers or over the whole bonfire, if you dare, haha.
Today we change from spring to summer. Although the heet is insufferable, it is over the 30°C, here in Valencia (Spain), we have a tradition called the San Juan’s night (translation is La noche de San Juan). I don’t know if others countries do the same thing, but here we have this party, and it is about that the young people and not so young. We go to the beach, make a bonfire, some meat in the embers, and when midnight comes there is tradition of making one wish and jumping over the embers or bonfire.
We have a big party at the beach and every group of people puts on loud music , so that it is like a disco but all over the beach; it is a funny tradition and before people go home a lot of people also go swimming.
We have a big party on the beach and everybody plays loud music, so that it is like a club, but on the beach. Also, there is a funny tradition where before going home a lot of people go swimming.
This is the way that we celebrate the change of season here.
I would like know about how you celebrate the change of season, so don’t hesitate to write something about it.
I would like to know how you celebrate the change of season, so don’t hesitate to write something about it.
Thanks a lot, bye.
Hi there.
Hi everybody, I would like introduce myself. My name is Manuel. I am form Valencia, Spain and this is my first time to join this site.
Hi everybody, I would like introduce m myself, my name is Manuel, I am from Valencia (Spain), and this is my first time that I am writing on the web.
Hi everybody, I would like introduce myself, my name is Manuel, I am from Valencia, Spain and this is the first time that I've written on this site. 
I am twenty five years old and I am an Electronics Engineer. I am writing because I need to improve my English and I think that this website can be useful for me.  It lets me practice my written English, correct some mistakes, and also get some expressions.
I am twenty five years old, and I am electronic engineer. I am writing because I need to improve my English. I think that the web can be useful for me because it lets me practice my written English, and offer corrections for some of my mistakes and also some expressions.
I am twenty five years old and I am an electronic engineer. I am twenty five years old and I am an electronic engineer. I am writing this because I need to improve my English and I think that this site could be useful for me, because it will let me practice my written English and correct some mistakes and also learn some new expressions.
For now, I will only introduce myself but next time I will write something more elaborated.
For this entry I only want to introduce myself and tell something about myself. On another occasion I will write something more elaborated.
For now, I only want introduce myself and tell you something about me. On another occasion I will write something more elaborate.
I am also looking for someone I can talk to, in English or Spanish, via Skype or the likes. If you are interested, please send me a private message.
I am also looking for someone interested in speaking by skype or something like that. If someone is interested in speak half in English and Spanish he or she can write me a private message.
I am also looking for someone to speak with on skype or something like that. If someone is interested in speaking half in English and half in Spanish you can write me a private message.
Kind regards,
 Manuel.
hello
hello, I´m Laura, I`m 21 years old and I live in Bogota Colombia, at the moment I`m studing english because it like very much.
I wish to learn english very well, what else, I would like travel to Canada, UK and USA because so I can practice my english.
Besides in the future I`m going to study french and german and I will be  polyglot.
Hello!
Hello!
My name is Mauro Jesús and I learn to write and speak English
My name is Mauro Jesús and I want to learn to write and speak English -O se puede decirMy name is Mauro Jesús and I'm learning to write and speak English
because in my job English is common.
The manual of products are in english
Some words in english.
Hi there!
Recently I started using lang-8 and find it so addictive, especially if you are bored at work like me right now.
The thing is there are no customers, because February is not a very tourist-friendly month, I guess.
I work with foreign tourists. Sadly I think today will be like yesterday -- I will be watching youtube, reading some books and so on...
(you might think that is fabulous especially if you get paid for doing nothing, but believe me it's so boring...)
But today I have some work to do: I need to write a letter to apply for a governmental grant, and I can't find the moment to start it...
Even if someone appeared just to say hello it would be easier to be on duty than write.
to start the day?)...
And,,, the hardest thing is the coffee machine is off...
:P
Hello!
How are you doing?
These days have been extremely difficult, I have many things to think about.
I have to go to University in the afternoon because I have to resolve some problems with my registration.
Next week I'm starting the new semester, I'm so excited, I want to meet some new friends and also improve my grades.
I'm taking a Japanese course and a Thai friend is going to teach us Thai!
I'm taking the japanese course and one thai friend is going to teach us thai!A Thai friend is going to teach Japanese???
It seems complicated but not impossible.
I wanted to study mandarin but the course won't open because of the lack of students T-T.
Anyway Thai will be an interesting challenge, don't you think?...
Well, this is all for today...
hope you can help me...
Bye!
My reading habits
I like to read books, newspapers and stories from the internet, where there are a lot of pages of information, entertainment and literature, but I think books are better than any other way of reading.
Now, I'm reading a science fiction novel about vampires because I like vampires a lot, especially modern vampires.
The book that I'm reading is named: "Lestat the vampire", and the plot is about a new vampire who wants to know the secret of his immortality and he enjoys the pleasures of the life.
Lestat is arrogant, and because of the secret, he toured many places; I like it a lot because of the way it is narrated, the history is another attractive element that I enjoyed too and also because Lestat is handsome (in the movie :D)
The ways I enjoy reading books are: on my bed before sleep, I curl up with the book, and sometimes when I read magazines I skim through it and when i was a little girl I used to collect clippings from magazines too.
I often read every weekend, when I have time, at night before bed.
I hope you can help me with this little essay.
Thank you :D
December
December is the happiest month of the year..
I love the tree and the gifts, but the most important things are the family hugs.
My Santa Claus is very special for me and I love him...
I wish to all people peace and love for the new year   
We may win a trip to NY!
I'm participating in a university contest involving some tests (I don't feel test is the best word...
can you think of a better one?), all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO.
After each team submits its proposal, there's a week for people to vote for their faouvorite on the web.
After that, a jury scores/rates each one, and so the winner for each test is chosen.
There's a final prize for the three highest scoring teams at the end of the contest. They all can enroll for free in a postgraduate course (or a language one, if they haven't finished their degree).
Additionally, the first team gets to travel to New York!
We won the last test, and each of the members of our team got a mobile phone.
As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone (the european version of Droid), I gave it to my father, who's actually very happy with it, since it's a cute small Nokia with wifi.
We're going first next time, but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time, we expect the jury to make the ones who are going third win this time.
But we still hope we win in the end and visit USA!!
Wish us luck :)
So loooong since I last wrote anything in English!!
It's being like...
eight years since I last studied English at highschool (or anywhere, now that I think about it).
Thankfully, all this time I haven't stopped reading on the internet, and listening to American and English television series. You don't have to put "it" for this sentence. It is implied that you are reading or listening the English language. 
Around a month ago, I decided I'm gonna take the TOEFL exam in December. I think "in" would sound better and you have to capitalize the first letter of each month. 
Around a month ago, I decided I'm going to take the TOEFL exam in December. "Gonna" is only for spoken English, never written, especially not on a TOEFL exam. 
Not only because I want to know what my real level is, but also I'm gonna need the results on April when I start asking for a scholarship for my postgraduate studies abroad. Same. You have to capitalize the first letter of each month. 
I started taking all the TOEFL and Proficiency tests I could find, and I'm glad to see my reading and listening comprehension are very high.
I'm also quite confident about my speaking (although a little bit concerned about my pronunciation, but I'm gonna practice talking with a buddy), but the writing part of the exam gives me goosebumps.
I can express myself properly, but can I do it using such complicated words and grammar to convince the examiners that I'm worth a 100+ in my ibT?
I tend to write quite plain, it's not that I can't use some impressive vocabulary and phrasal verbs (lol), but I usually forget them.
So...
time for practice!
I'm using Anki (it's a very useful software wich uses memory algorithm based on spaced repetition learning) with a vocabulary deck to learn/review some difficult and showy words, just in case ;).
Now I know the body of athletes* is lithe, that when I get my 100+ it'll be a momentous event, and that an argument that doesn't hold water is the way you translate the "hacer aguas" expression in spanish. *You can either say "the body of an athlete is lithe" or "the bodies of athletes are lithe". You have to match singular to singular and plural to plural. 
Please be really strict with my written expressions, not only with the faults I commit, but also tell me how would you say anything if it sounds weird.
Thank you very much!!
Independent task TOEFL writing practice I
Topic: Some people think that the family is the most important influence on young adults.
Other people think that friends are.
Which view do you agree with?
Use examples to support your opinion.
Since we are talking about character, I don't believe a single judgement can be made.
It depends on the individual whether it is his family or his social acquitances who carry more weight on his decisions and behaviour.
Nevertheless, I also believe a person is more likely to be influenced by his friends when he's in his teens than when he's older and has matured.
Even if the family is still present in your life, at this age it's the outside world that offers you more stimulus rather than your home life.
This is when people start changing their clothes and hair to fit the group.
On the other side, I think when you are a child your parents and the rest of your family make a deep impression on the way your personality develops.
After they go through the first years of their adult life, youngsters usually turn back to their families looking for support and advice.
I AM AN ADICTED ENGLISH LEARNER!!!
Hi guys,
I know, I am not that good at English but I try to do my best!
My name is Luz Angela and i come from Bogotá.
I was learning English for many year, now is time to improve as much as I have to.
However, this is very tought becoause I would like to be more discipline.
I just want to speak better and also my listening is very bad.
Nevertheless, I am teaching Spanish to foreigners which is very useful.
Tell me, so far, what you think about my poor skills of writing.
Kind Regards,
Luz Angela
learn more.... every day...
I would like to walk around there
good time
This weekend my friend and I went to a lake house for a friend's birthday party.
I didn't expect to have a good time there, but I was wrong.
It was totally great, we jumped into the lake, we rowed a boat, ate grilled hamburgers. At night we sat around the bonfire sharing drinks and laughs having a good time. Also we played a game that I don't remember the name of, but you had to throw a little sack at a target which was a hole in a kind of table. Your score depended on where you hit. The view, the company, the sun and so on, it was fantastic.
The bad thing was that I had to drive all the way back which took like 3 hours or more because of the traffic. Also I had to drop off a couple friends at their houses, but either way I have good memories of a week well spent.
letter to my Insurance 
To whom it may concern, 
my case number is UE8855148. One of the documents above that I attached is the receipt which I paid in Mexico before I came to the USA to the agency representative of "AU."
I already advise them about my basic insurance instead of the Medical upgrade insurance, they are checking this.
I hope these documents can help or what else do I need to do? Also, I'd like to know if the hospital where I'll take my exams is part of your coverage, inasmuch as I already have an appointment to do these exams this Wednesday at 8:30 am, Thanks for helping me.
Belinda 
I don't know way
Tonight is one of those nights where you are with your friends who are dancing in front of you trying to have a good time, but you feel like you are missing something or someone. I just wanted to share my thoughts. I hope tomorrow can be a better day.
My first comment 
Hello, here I am to speak about myself, I am a student of Industrial Engineering in National University of San Marcos, in Lima Peru.
I am 23 years old, and I am learning english on my own, because now I don't have time to go to an English institute or English academy.
Well, I think this is all for today, I hope someone finds mistakes in this comment and helps me to improve my english.
Thanks a lot.
:)
Alone at home
Well, today I am home alone.
My whole family has left and I don't know where they are.
Here I am in front of my computer surfing the internet looking for more material to learn English, and also watching some movies and listening to music to relax.
I hope they come back late, so I can listen to loud music without annoying anyone :).
Shopping
Today I went shopping with my mother and brother.
We had a nice day.
My mother had come back after some months. She works in another city and visits us once every two or three months.
It is winter here, and my brother didn't take his coat because that morning it was sunny.
At five o'clock in the afternoon he started to feel cold.
He should have taken his coat.
Funfair
Tomorrow I am going to funfair with my friends. What is funfair? Is it the name of an official event? If so, it would probably be written Funfair.
But it won't be with all of them because afew of them areat an event in another city for five days, so theyare missing. But they are having fun at the conferences, so we also have the right to have fun!
I think wewill have fun tomorrow because we are very good friends and very close.
First day
Yesterday was my first day of classes at the university, after almost a month of vacations.
I went to the university with enthusiasm to learn new things, I had two courses, . but only the teacher from my first course showed up. 
I waited thirty minutes for my other teacher , but he never arrived.
Well, I hope this situation improves next time we have class.
Amusement park
Today I am going to an amusement park with my school friends.
It has been many years since the last time I went to a amusement park .
It was when I was a child.
I used to go with my parents.
Well, some people say that everyone has a child inside.
No matter the age, the soul and heart are young.
J.
P.
They return the ' Powers Rangers
It will be next October 17 exactly of them 3:30 of the evening when the season number 17 of the successful American series Power Rangers: Samurai, returns to the Mexican screens across the Channel 5 of It Televisa.!!!
Voice and body of Michael Jackson, stars of the trial
Start the juice against Conrad Murray, Michael Jackson's personal physician, in the audience is a picture where you see the singer's body on a hospital gurney111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MEXICO HAS A PRESENCE IN THE ACADEMY AWARDS (:
Mexico has played an important role at the Oscars.
And even though the golden statue is usually in productions of other countries, the national cinema has had constant nominations from the Academy in the Foreign Film category.
Miss Bala, directed by Gerardo Naranjo, is the next bet for the Oscar Mexico, and again the chances are high due to good production of this film.
Here we present an account of some tapes and directors who have been nominated for the Academy Awards in the category of Best Foreign Language Film.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kaka raises !!!
Real Madrid has set (3-0) Ajax Amsterdam in the second day of the group stage of the Champions League.
The Jose Mourinho, without being brilliant, the picture improved over recent games and recovered the best Kaka.
The new facebook! CRAZY WORLD
At last came the day marked in red for all fans of Facebook.
The CEO and founder of social networking, Mark Zuckerberg, appeared in the San Francisco conference called f8 developer a completely revamped version of the profile of users, whose main novelty, and a new design to make it more striking is the inclusion of a section called 'timeline'.
Following word that has become popular Twitter, this 'timeline' in the words of Zuckeberg be "the story of your life" social network, ie a summary of all tastes and user activities.
"It's a new way to express where you are, what you do, what you are," he said.
The idea of ​​social network users to retrieve any content that has been part of his life on Facebook, regardless of time elapsed since its publication.
A man shot in Madrid kills a pregnant woman and then himself !!!
THE tragedy was precipitated in Madrid on Thursday night when a man of 34 years broke into the church of Santa Maria del Pinar, Jasmine Street in Madrid, and shot dead a pregnant woman.
He also wounded another woman before killing himself after being shot in the mouth after kneeling before the altar.
David de Gea Real Madrid goalkeeper thief
Despite winning nearly 80,000 euros a week, Porter decided to take a bagel without paying  
Evict 180 children in kindergarten by fire Guerrero
A fire in one of the kindergarten classrooms "Amado Nervo", located in the suburban area of ​​Acapulco, forced mobilization of personnel and Fire Civil Protection elements of the port and the evacuation of at least 180 children and 14 educators , no casualties were reported.
Cristiano Ronaldo collects Pichichi, 2011 !!!!
Although the 2011 season ended a few months ago, has now been when Cristiano Ronaldo was unable to collect the trophy Pichichi, which accredits top scorer of the tournament.
Together with his coach, Jose Mourinho, and to the absence of Leo Messi 
Messi's preferred media
The voracity striker Leo Messi has no limits.
The '10 'FC Barcelona has a scoring rate unprecedented since, with only 24, has scored 127 goals in 182 league games.
In addition, the domestic tournament, up to seven times has a 'hat trick', the last Saturday in the 'little hand' (5-0) over Atletico Madrid.
Find a good title to pick up the ongoing exhibition of the Argentine is not always easy and, therefore, the day after their triplets scorers, Barcelona sports press does not seem to break a headache.
And, as has been in charge of collecting the Web 'Van Gaal's book,' the 'Messi, Messi, Messi!
"On the cover has already become a classic.
iPhone 4S: Apple disappointed
On Tuesday Apple shocked thousands of enthusiastic fans waiting for a iPhone 5.
Instead, the company run by Tim Cook introduced the iPhone 4S, an improved version of the current 'smartphone' 4, whose main novelty is 'Siri', a new voice recognition system.
The porn video of Miley Cyrus, false virus propagator !!!!
Miley Cyrus has had to be quite a shock, after spreading a rumor that a tape on which was having sex might be hanging around the net.
Fortunately for the young star, the rumor is out on that, a rumor, but no records are missing.
Just remember some photos that taught more than they should.
Prince rescues her father's closet, Michael Jackson
|||||Prince, the eldest son of Michael Jackson, seems to have rescued his father's closet.
With the same style as his father, the son of the King of Pop went to a charity gala, thus following the footsteps of his father, who was known for his numerous works of charity.
Black jacket, red shirt, tie and the famous American bracelet on numerous occasions was put into Michael Jackson.
Prince seems to have gone to the closet of his father and to rescue some of the clothes that characterized his style.
With a 'look' like his father, Prince attended a charity gala where he wanted to give for the cause of the manuscript of 'Bad', one of the most popular songs of the king of pop.|||||
The original article is in English and I tried to translate to Spanish.
I hope it's correct.
It should be obvius that cetaceans -whales, porpoises and dolphins- are mammals.
They breathe through lungs, not through gills, and give birth to live young.
Their streamlined bodies, the absence of hind legs, and the presence of a fluke and blowhole cannot disguise their affinities with land dwelling mammals.
However, unlike the cases of sea otters and pinnipeds (seals, sea lions and walruses, whose limbs are functional both on land and at sea), it is not easy to envision what the first whales looked like.
Extinct but already fully marine cetaceans are known from fossil records. 
How was the gap between a walking mammal and swimming whale bridged?
Missing until recently were fossils clearly intermediate, or transitional, between land mammals and cetaceans.
Hasta hace poco faltaban los fósiles intermedios y de transición entre los mamíferos terrestres y los cetaceos.
Very excinting discoveries have finally allowed scientist to reconstruct the most likely origins of cetaceans.
Importantes descubrimientos recientes han permitido a los científicos reconstruir el origen más probable de los cetáceos.
In 1979, a team looking for fossils in northern Pakistan found what proved to be the oldest fossil whale.
En 1970, un equipo de busqueda de fósiles en el norte de Pakistan se encuentran con lo que resultó ser el fósil más antiguo de ballena.
The fossil was officially named Pakicetus in honor of the country where the 
discovery was made.
El fósil fue llamado oficialmente "Pakicetus" en honor al país donde se realizó el descubrimiento.
Pakicetus was found embedded in rocks formed form river deposits that were 52 million years old.
Pakicetus fue hallado incrustado en las rocas formadas a partir de depósitos fluviales con una antigüedad de 52 millones de años.
The river that formed these deposits was actually not far from an ancient ocean know as the Tethys Sea.
El río que formarón estos depósitos en realidad no estaba muy lejos de un antiguo océano conocido como el Mar de Tethys.
I´m ready to change my habits
During high school I was clearly busy with all the extra activities I decided to do; drawing classes, literature foundation, chorus, even reading books and writing.
Nowadays I spend lots of hours on the computer doing nothing. By nothing I mean, chatting, looking for strange videos on youtube, downloading music, and other stupid things I consider a waste of time.
Now, my behavior and habits have changed.
I'm more like a sedentary person with no plans and limited social interaction.
I really hope that this project of mine, learning Italian and helping myself with English, will take me back to the productive girl I used to be.
Thanks for reading and definitely correct me :D
This one is a translation of a story I´m about to write.
He was in front of the door with a bunch of yellow and white flowers.
Long time ago he didn´t drink.
Felt as if he had hit.
There was a Sergio Mendez´s song in background, by invoking the spirits of gabble and joy .
The sweat on his hands had produced some humidity between the branches.
Aspirated with paused calm, closed the irritated eyes, timidly wet his lips and exhaled.
He free the left hand from the bundle and shaked it, dried it with the pants and then pressed the botton.
Brough out his chest, relaxed the neck, then looked for his own reflection from the lightly useful door viewer, he affirm was himself.
Heard some carefree slippers steps.
Inmediatly recognize was Cecilia.
The door opened without the the logical procedure of author´s attention.
He instantly paled, she was more beautiful than ever.
He rustled the throat.
She, with her curly, shinny and short hair also was sweated.
The blouse she was wearing was made with a very ligh fabric , allowing some transparency.
He hated her black bra.
-You?
Cecilia exhaled to automate the change of plane that was exposed.
He, intimidated by his interlocutor, winked 4 times in a row consumed by an agonizing discomfort.
An involuntary movement forced him to take the flower to her face, she; small, voluble and asmathic.
She leaned back, creased her nose and turned the head to the lower edge of the door swing.
Stepped back.
Took the hands to the hip.
Then, the exhalation was headed to relaxation.
-And now who is sending the flowers?
This story can ends here, but I´d like you to correct  it and give me some comment on the story :) Thanks!!!
Work
Hello, I'm studying English, and I need you to please help me correct this work, thanks.
Last summer, I went on holiday to Pichilemu where my grandparents live. there oOne day there was a big fire two blocks from my house,. All the neighbors ran quickly to see 
what happenedWe realized that the house was burning.My grandmother and my grandfather had not immediately called for help, so my mom called the fire department:
• Hi
• Hello, H how I can help?
• My mom's house is on fire, and my dad is trapped.
• p Please stay calm, tell me the address.
• 253 Fleming Street, please arrive as soon as possible.
• We are going there. We are on our way.
It takes the firefighters almost half an hour to arrive,. mMy grandfather was unhurt uninjured, but the house burned to the ground. My grandfather is completely very sad, because he had to come live with us in James, and does not like the climate of the city Even though my Granny is also sad , she is fascinated in by Santiago and said that she never would have gone to live in other regions.
My grandfather has returned to work, fixing cars, because he wants to go home as soon as possible living because they have lived there since he married my grandmother, and does not support our city and it says it is bad for your health.
I'm new here
Hi!. Remove the '.', only one punctuation mark is necessary at the end of a sentence. Although there are exceptions to internet writing when you can have any number of !!! or ??? to express excitement or bewilderment.
I'm new here.
Nice to meet you.
I'm studying English at school.
I hope you can help me to improve my English.
Thank you.
Hi~!
Hello!
my name is angel!
nice to meet you all!
Well,
I'm a young man that lives in Venezuela!
I really like to learn!
i hope not all just be too embarrassed!
I have learned English and pronunciation by watching tv, movies and online videogames!
I have lost some practice since I moved to linux, because there aren't too many online games to be able to train enough.
But here I am again!
Trying to take the good way of practicing and being skillful.
thanks a lot for the help!
and for your patience =)
How  Trials Affects Our Lives.
All the problems or situations we had to face through life have influenced our way of thinking and seeing the world.
They define who we are now and probably who we will get to be.
I am very sure that I would not be the same person if I would not have dealt with the problems and experiences I have had.
for example, I had many pets during my life, and that is why I love animals, but I could have been hurt by an animal and that could have changed my opinion about them.
My way of thinking is directly related with the expirences in my life.
I have learned from them and that is why I respond in a specific way to situations that come up.
For instance, if I feel angry about something, I try to calm down before I break something, because I know it would make things get worse.
That is what makes people's personalities so different one from another.
If everyone would have had the exact same problems and experiences in their lives, we would all think and act the same.
changing my plans
Today I saw the japanese course levels, and I saw the real time that it would take me to learn the language very well.It will take me six years.Maybe I'mexagerating hahahaha it could be three or four, im not sure, but i will find a way to finish my studies in japan.
Today I will see the Japanese course levels, and I will also find out how long it takes to master their idioms. It may take me six years...well, maybe I'm exaggerating. Hahahaha. It could be three or four, I'm not sure, but I will find a way to finish my studies in Japan.
So maybe i cant move to Japan in two years =(...
I guess I won't be able to move to Japan in two years after all. =(...
Furthermore i need an engineering certification, and to get helpstudying in japan for four years. At the finish maybe i'll return to mexico, and if i get a girlfriend too, i'll take her with me or i'll stay with her in japan.
Furthermore, I need an engineering title, so I will need tutoring if I hope to study in Japan in four years. Once I've received my degree, maybe I'll return Mexico. If I get a Japanese girlfriend , then maybe I'll take her with me or else I'll stay with her in Japan.
Well that's my plan now.
Well, that's my plan for now.
Study post grad in japan, but if i can't do it, i will just live there for a long time
Hopefully I can study a post grade in Japan, but if I can't do it, I will just live there for a long time.
profile
idon`t know why nobody wants come to Puebla-mexico, why go to spain?, why not mexico?
here there is piramids!!,waaa im disapointed i will eat a cake..
im a electronic's student, and im studing japanese french and english, i will wait you be my friend, and comoe to Puebla-Mexico, there is chilaquiles, and parties, and amusement parks, n.
n
porfavor corrijan lo que escribi si?, por favor porfavor
no olviden visitar mexico n.
n
crossing the sea
i see you in my dream
but i don't know who you are...
when i wake i will make it true
i just want to meet you
i will travel there
to look for you
it doesn't matter that i don't know you
i will find you
i will cross the sea to make it true
and nobody can stop me
i will cross the sea for you
and it won't matter what happens next
today, please fix it u.u
My friend had too much money. He had it in his sweater. I saw the corner of a bill and I pulled it out! (><) My friend was talking so he didn't know I had done it.
I folded the bill, I stretched and played with it.
Another of my friends began to laugh.
and he comes he sight to me, and  i see him, I told him, "You are impossible, do you know that?"
When my friend turned to look at me, I told him, "You are impossible, do you know that? Who would think to carry money like that?"
The person in front of me said Isaac folded it, he stretched it, he played with it and you.....
That's today's story.
The moral of the story: Keep your money where Isaac can't reach it.
n.
Of course, I gave it back to him. I'm not a thief. (><)
Don't forget to watch the video for Spanish students that I posted.
sin ti!! without you
si ti by carlos vives
from isaac to that beautiful peaple that are learning spanish
an extra point, today i have listened that japanese airline in mexico, has "quebrado" so with your permission i will express my frustration,
filec
ilec!, is a book exhibition, it have books of many autors, concerts, and many activities, i wil post photos in facebook, so see you later, i ask mysef if Japan will come some day, the past year was france....
Trip
I went to Popocatepetl yesterday!!!!!!!
Popocatepetel is a volcano
in Mexico.
I have photos and videos!
My friends and I climbed the volcano, we saw the crater, we fell from our bicycles, we drank the river water,
we boxed, we saw and explored!!!
He was on the mountain six days. He just had a sleeping bag, a knife, and a cane. I said have coz. He's still on the volcano.
chiles en nogada, is a traditional food from my hometown, this cook is internationally considered like one of the most fine and representative of Mexican food =P.
this cook was created by the Santa Monica's nuns like a tribute  to Agustin de Iturbide after to firm the mexico's independence in Cordoba-Veracruz
this cook consist basically in Chile poblano totally fulled with a stew of meat of cattle and pig mixed with fruit (banana, apple, pear, peach)=P.
according to the tradition , the place where Agustin de Iturbide ate, was decored with the three representative colors of the Mexico's flag.
wite (religion)
green(independence)
red (join)
The nuns of Puebla infected with the spirit and native fervor, they decided to cook something that had the three flag's colors, then they mixed the tastes: salad and sweet with more of 20 ingredients!!!!!!!
but actually this cook must be cooked with more of 50 ingredients!!!!!!
something else, Puebla's cook, will become a humanity patrimony =P!!!
if came to Mexico, and you went to the beach, you  danced, you taked photos, but you  wasn't on Puebla and you didn't eat a Chile en nogada, ill tell you something, you wasted your time and  espend your money for nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
choose?
this is a infantile song, the composer was francisco gabilondo soler,
a mexican man, he use all his life making infantile songs 
sunny day
3 eggs
1 tomato
1 green jalapeño
Oil for frying
¼ onion, diced
Heat the oil in a frying pan. Saute the onion until golden brown.
Prick the tomato and jalapeño, then add to the frying pan.I think you can assume a good cook would wash her veggies before using. That's not usually in a recipe.
Meanwhile, beat the eggs with a little milk and add salt to taste.
Add eggs to the frying pan and mix well.
Let mixture cook, stirring occasionally to avoid sticking.
Hi!! help
Barça news
Hi from Barcelona!
Barça played a Spanish league match versus Atletico de Madrid.
The match was attractive and intense, but within 85 minutes, Ufalusi injured Messi.
The foul was horrible!!
Oh my God!!
The Atletico player hit Messi very hard, but I don't worry, because he will play in the Champions' match.
Well, the match finished with score 1-2 with goals by Messi and Pique.
Great player "Piquembagüer", he is one of my favorites.
In conclusion: Barça won because it's a great team.
See you!
Barça is my team
Hi people,
I watching Barça right now.
The champions league is beautiful!
Messi (2) and Villa (1) ! have scored goals.
. There are 45 minutes remaining in the match.
I'm very anxious but it's probably that Barça will win the mach because Barça is a great team.
Also Pep Guardiola is great coach!
Most people like see nice football.
I recommend watching the second half!
See you
Hi people
Hi people, I'm Raul and I need to speak English because is very important for my work.
Hi people, I'm Raul and I need to speak English because it is very important for my work.
I know quite a lot of vocabulary but I think that I write English with a Spanish structure.
I know quite a lot of vocabulary but I think that I write English with Spanish structure.
You can see my text...
So, I'm new at this...
So, I'm new at this...
I don't know...
someone reads me??
someone help me??
Thanks!
Hi guys!
how are you?
I'm 19 years old and I'm from Mexico city.
I'm 19 years old and I'm from Mexico
I have studied English for a year, but I don't know too much .
I have studied English for a year, but I don't know much
I'm new to lang-8. My English teacher recommendet it me.
I'm new to lang-8; my English teacher recommende it me.
I hope you can help me when I leave hard homework!
I hope you can help me when I leave a hard homework!
I would also like to make friends around the wold. That would be fun!
and I would like to make friends from around the world. That would be fun!
Coyolxauhqui
I don't know if I can explain it, but I'm going to try anyway.
ji
Maybe you won't understand, because it is an Aztec myth (the myths are sometimes very confusing) jaja Do you agree with me? 
Coyolxauhqui in Nahuatl means "face painted with bells"
The monolith represents a dismembered woman.
According to myth, when she knew that her mother was pregnant by an unknown father, she was angry and called his four hundred brothers and sisters. She wanted to kill his mother (her name is Coatlicue), in this moment Huitzilopochtli (God of the war) was born; he was born armed like a warrior!
He fought against his sister Coyolxauhqui and his other brothers and sisters.
Huitzilopochtli beheaded his sister and he threw it down the mountain, then her body was dismembered.
She became the moon!
and the other brothers were turned into the stars.
This sculpture was found in the town of Mexico city in February 1978.
Oh!!
I think I worked hard jaja, I found some words that I still didn't know!
I hope you understood the writing above, writing this I also learned a little more English!
Postcard
Happy birthday.
The weather is wonderful.
Today is sunny and hot.
Go shopping tomorrow to cook the tamales the day of the Candelaria.
Walk in the park which is near the house.
Hope to see you soon and be able to give a birthday gift.
Greetings to all the family.
The letter
Dear Sophie,
I hope you are well.
I write to tell you that, for this summer vacation, I will spend two weeks on the beach.
I will then go to visit my grandparents in the field for a few days.
I'll be back in time for my nephews' graduation.
I promise to bring many gifts and photographs of the places I visit.
I send you many hugs.
"Greetings" would more likely go at the beginning of a letter. Some good ways to end a letter are "Sincerely," "Your Friend," and "Love." You would choose one of these, put a comma after it, and sign your name below it.
tired =P
it sunday!!
It's Sunday,
Iam so tired already.
and I'm already so tired!!!
I don't wanna study anymore =(
I don't want to study anymore =(
or go to school tomorrow either. =(
I've done my homework already, but I think it's not well done
I've done already my homework, but I think it's not very well done.
Also, my parents came back from a short trip to ...
Limache Valley?
(I can't remember the word for a place that has a lot of cows, birds and vegetables growing...
bigger than a farm or garage.) and they brought alot of cucumbers!!!
bigger than a farm or a grange.) They brought back a lot of cucumbers!!!
(In Spanish, pepinos)
Now I remember...
I read somewhere that kappas (Japanese mythology), love cucumbers....
also my boyfriend's turtle eats cucumbers.
It actually is very nice to see a bunch of dark green cucumbers in a big blue bowl.
I hope we have enough lemons for them *¬*
thank you don't correct first capital...
Thank you for not correcting the first capital,
and,
i'm sorry if this bothered you, but usually I do/say/write/sing/things/etc weird things when i'm sleepy like now =.= if you smiled by this i'll be happy...
I'm sorry if this bothered you, but usually I do/say/write/sing/think/etc weird things when I'm sleepy, like right now. =.= If you smiled by this I'll be happy.
and if anyone could answer me this question, i'll be happy too: in english, pronouns like, i, you we, etc, must  be wrote with capital?
If anyone could answer me this question, I'll be happy too; in English, do pronouns like I, you, we, etc, must be written with a capital?
We, You, She, like in Spanish??
Thank you, bye bye ^^
I just made a lemon pie! =9
This afternoon I made a lemon pie, actually I made two.
And this is the recipe that I use every time I make a delicious one.
First, put in a bowl 100gr.
of shortening (I prefeer diet margarine, because is softer), a cup of flour (without baker powder) and one egg.
Then, mix all that until obtain an homogeneous pastry.
Put the pastry in a bowl that can take the heat an put to bake until it gets like a cookie.
While the pastry is baking, prepare the filling; in a can of condensed milk (milk with less water and a lot of sugar) and the juice of one or two lemons mixed together.
Also prepare the meringue, that sweet and white thing snow-like made of egg white =P
When the pastry is ready, put the filling in it and on top of that the meringue.
If you have the patience to decorate it do it!
I don't like decorating pies very much.
Then put the pie again in the oven to bake the meringue...
and it's done =)
That's how I make an easy lemon pie.
It easier to write down then the recipe XD
Thank you for correcting me!!
bye bye =)
What is your secret ambition and why?
Near the clouds
Last week I was watching a survey on a BBC TV program that was being broadcast while I was about to eat.
Suddenly the results showed something I didn't expect: only one in 10000 people had achieved their life-long goals.
I began to think that perhaps I may be that one person.
One of my main, secret ambitions is to become an internationally known painter.
Ever since I was a little kid, my mother has told me that I have "a divine gift".
My pieces of work were admired by my teachers and were the cause of envy of many of my classmates and other colleagues.
There was even a time when one of the most respected professors I had, Mr Smith, commented that my work, "resembled that of the geniuses of the Renaissance period".
I've never been keen on showing off because of all this flattering-- instead, I started to find more alternative ways.
That's why I joined a group of alternative artists in my city and since then, I have been working on utterly different projects which range from traditional painting with a small brush to extreme air body painting or even crazier stuff.
However, I still continue with my formal studies.
I recently enrolled in a course in my university.
The teachers still tell me that my creations are very good, but they advise me to get some funds and exhibit my work in order to attract a wider public.
This is my biggest impediment to fulfilling my dreams.
Finally, I will say that there are a lot of people out there who would like for somebody to give them a hand to continue with their hopes.
Well, I'm almost there, I just need a small one.
Writers Required - Letter of application
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing in response to the request for writers, which appears in last month's edition of "The Times"
I am an amateur painter and I am also studying to become a reporter at my university in Mexico.
Since my childhood, I have been interested in all kinds of cultural manifestations and have been involved in the art scene of my town.  how have you been involved?  To what extent and in what capacity?
Moreover, I won a journalism prize, for which I have been invited to participate in reportage projects overseas.
The first person I would like to write about is the painter, José María Velasco.
He gained his fame through his majestic landscapes.
For example, he depicted beatifully many of the sights that Mexico hides.
No matter if it was a little village or a high-peaked mountain, he always achieved to show the most catching views. "catching" isn't the word you want here: "arresting" or "spectacular" perhaps?
The second artist I would like to present is Luis Nishizawa.
Since he was half Mexican and half Japanese, his work is a mixture of influences from both sides of the world.
He focused on detailed portraits and other conventional paintings, such as still lifes or portraits of his family's pets.
However his style is unique, and it is a pity that his work is not better known.
I am convinced that these artists deserve a wider public, and...
one sentence:  ...since I am  acquainted with their biographies, I am sure that I can write accurately about them in the pages of your newspaper
I look forward from hearing from you.
Sincerely yours, 
Carlos Pérez
Living
I live in an warm and cosy apartment ideally situated in the center of the city.
I live in a warm and cozy apartment ideally situated in the centre of the city.
this way, I do not have to worry about traveling long distances as everything can be easily reached.
Moreover, I do not have to take annoying means of transportation and can enjoy great views while I walk.
There are three rooms in the apartment.
There are three rooms in the lift. What do you mean by "lift"? In England, it means elevator.
My brother's room is always full of things and rather cramped and cluttered.
My first week in Dublin
Hi, i am a Spanish guy that came to Dublin last Saturday night.
This is a nice city, all except Dublin 1 and 2 are nice residential houses and people are pleasantly kind.
Now I have a house and a job, and I'm very excited about this experience, but I don't have a good level of English and i don't understand the people when they speak with me and I don't know the correct forms of English expressions.
I am looking for a good English academy because i need to improve my English in order to get a better job.
I live in Castleknock, if anybody is interested in an English-Spanish language interchange, please, let me know!
The Alleged Traitor of the Aztec Empire.
I have been reading Malinche by Laura Esquivel.
The main character of the novel is a woman called Malinche.
She's famous in Mexico's history because she was the translator of the Spanish conqueror Hernan Cortes and later became his wife.
Hence, she's consider a traitor of the Aztec empire.
Her name is synonymous with "traitor" and "betrayer" even today.
It is also commonly used as an adjective: Malinchista.
You can also call someone a Malinchista, if this person shows attachment for foreign things and underestimates anything Mexican.
Of course, there's always the other side of the story.
The Aztec empire dominated the tribes near them, but did not interfere with the tribes as long as they paid their tributes.
The Aztec warriors used to capture prisoners from other tribes and force them into slavery.
Malinche was a princess of one of these tribes.
When she was a teenager, her father died. Her people were absorbed into the Aztec empire and she became a domestic slave.
That’s way she spoke both Nahuatl and Mayan -- she had to please all of her masters.
combined with previous sentence
Her bilingualism helped her when she was given as a gift to Hernan Cortes.
Her new master eventually discovered her bilingualism, and raised her to be his interpreter.
Jeronimo de Aguilar was a Spaniard who had been shipwrecked in Cozumel, near the Gulf of Mexico.
He spent a couple of years near the Mayans, until Hernando Cortes got to Mexico and rescued him.
Malinche translated between Nahuatl and Mayan, while Jeronimo de Aguilar translated between Mayan and Spanish.
I can understand now that, from her point of view, she was just trying to improve her life. She didn't want to be a traitor at all -- she wanted to be free.
I believe that if I were in her situation I would do the same thing.
I don’t want to spoil the story for you guys.
Read the book and tell me your thoughts.
Thank you very much for your corrections.
Regards,
Satsuki.
Have you ever heard of your Doppelganger Self?
I came across a Webinar called Quantum Jumping.
I'm always drawn to this kind of topic.
I thought it was about something mystical, but it´s actually quite logical.
It sounds crazy, but it's very logical if you put your mind to it.
Every time that you have to make an important decision in your life it's a turning point.
They like to called it a "Fork Path".
And whatever decision you make, it´s going to change your reality.
But have you ever wondered what would happen if you would have turned to your right instead of your left in that very crowded street?
That reality belongs to your Doppelganger self.
Using meditation, you can get to an Alpha mind level, and dream about visiting your Doppelganger who is very rich, or maybe one that is an expert at photography...
You can ask them for advice, and maybe it doesn't sound logical for you at first, but ponder about it and you'll receive the information you asked for.
I realize that it's a very difficult subject to explain.
I have attached the website in case you're interested.
And thank you in advance for your help with correcting this entry.
Satsuki.
When you are strange
I went to see a movie last friday.
It was called "When you are strange".
It was like a documentary about the american band The Doors.
It contained footage never seen before.
I loved it because I´m a huge fan of the band, and the movie was narrated by Johnny Deep, wich I tought it is a magnificent bonus.
The documentary revealed interesting things that I didn´t know about them.
For example, in the song "L.
A.
Woman" he sang in the chorus "Mr Mojo Risin" wich is an anagram of his name.
Another exciting thing about this expirience, is that at the end of the projection, the guitarist of The Doors, Robby Krieger, were answering questions of the public.
If you have the opportunity to see this movie, please let me know if you liked my recommendation.
Regards.
My Birthday Present: The Movie collection of Hayao Miyazaki.
I´m a huge fan of all of Hayao Miyazaki´s movies.
I fell in love when I first saw "Spirited Away," which in México was called "Chihiro´s Journey."
It has the fairy tale feature, but is much deeper and has a bit of darkness.
I wouldn´t recommend it for children under 5 years old, however.
All of his movies are interesting, have a good plot, and have a moral conclusion,
something that makes you ponder on a certain aspect in your own life.
I thought I had seen all the movies out there to see, but it turns out it´s a list of 18 movies and I have only seen less than half of them. 
If you, dear reader, have read my entry and decided to help me with my errors...
Thank you!
Focus on others, not yourself.
Today I watched for the second time an inspirational video that really makes you smile, feel extra humble and think profoundly in your life.
It´s a lecture by Randy Pausch.
He´s an engineer and a teacher that has a lot of experience and a lot of funny anecdotes.
The first advice he gave was: "Introduce the elephant in the room", meaning to speak about an obvious and maybe uncomfortable subject.
And it was about his cancer and the time he has left.
He also dares the audience to not pity him, because he´s happy, healthy (in every other way, except for the cancer) and at the end of the lecture you wish you could have known him and luckyly have him as a teacher.
He mentioned several things that I want to remember and practice.
But this is a very important and I´m going to try to impose this in my life right away.
This is the link if you want to see it for yourself.
Old Science Fiction Films (very old)
Real science fiction fans usually don´t look for movies with astonishing special effects. Instead they prefer detailed histories.
In this case "histories" means stories that will open their minds and help imagine what will happen in the future.
One of the oldest and most famous science fiction films is George Melies' "A Trip to the Moon" (1902).
It is a silent film in black and white based on Jules Verne's famous novel.
Some of the "special effects" were made using painted cardboard.
Another film that is not so well known is the Soviet film "Aelita Queen of Mars" by Iakov Protazanov (1928).
It´s about a princess who lives on Mars and falls in love with an kosmonaut who she sees coming from Earth through her telescope.
But that is not all! The Earth kosmonauts bring the Soviet revolution to the exploited workers of Mars!!!
There is another famous German film named "Woman in the Moon" by Fritz Lang (1929).
This movie is characterized by introducing different technical aspects (some very advanced for that time) of space exploration.
The film shows a multi stage rocket (incredible!!), acceleration's effect on the human body, and the speed reached by a rocket ( several km per second, amazing!!
There are still other famous films I think we should comment further on like Metropolis or Kosmichensky Reiys .
Well that´s all for now, I hope you enjoyed reading this article, thanks for your help and see you later.
Mr.
Gabriel
Hello every one
This is my first entry, please , have patience with me. I do not speak English but I really want to learn.
I am a Project engineer and now build water sun for my city
Hi 
Hi 
My name is Daniel im originally from Colombia and im trying to better my English and trying to learn Japanese.
So feel free to add me as a friend and help me learn more about this two languages.
What's going on?
First of its been a while since I wrote here in any language (Spanish, English or Japanese) but hopefully I'll get the chance to be more active here.
First off, it's been a while since I wrote here in any language (Spanish, English or Japanese), but hopefully I'll get the chance to be more active here.
:) With that said, It's been a crazy period of time around the world: Japan, most of the Middle east, the USA.
And in addition to that, the gas prices are skyrocketing-- $3.79 for a gallon?
That's crazy!
At most gas prices should be at $1.80, its sad to think that most people are ok with this letting the bankers dictate how much we pay for gas!
At most, gas prices should be at $1.80. It's sad to think that most people are ok with this, letting the bankers dictate how much we pay for gas!
This really gets me angry people shouldn't believe all they hear from the media -- but then again that's the reason why this country has worked the way it has for a long time.
This really gets me angry-- people shouldn't believe everything they hear from the media, but then again that's the reason why this country has worked the way it has for such a long time.
Thank you for reading this.
Wow
It's been a little while since i joined here, but finally i am back.
And i am hoping to study Japanese and learn how to talk, but now i just wanted to give an update on where i've been.
CONVERSATION
hi how are you?
fine and you
fine too 
yo are dancing for me please?
My first week working for free.
Hello, I have recently finished my studies. I don't quite understand what you are trying to say, where is "here"?
I'm a Civil Engineer, and I'm currently writing my thesis about a project which I had to choose.
I'm a Civil Engineer, and I'm currently working on my thesis about a project that I chose.
We have to collaborate with a building company and work for them for about 480 hours in three months, for free!
All this consists in our collaboration with a building company and working for them about 480 hours in three months, for free!
Then, I'll be writing the experience I acquired (working for them).
Then, I'll be writing about the experience I acquired (working for them).
I've been waking up at 6.30 am everyday...
This is the hard part for me!
Because I usually sleep so late and I can't sleep early, I don't know why.
I then walk around the project, questioning as well as helping people, and learning a lot about the process involved in building a paved road. 
I walk around the project, asking questions and helping people, and learning a lot about the process involved in building a paved road.
It's so interesting but I can't stay under the sun too long because it's so hot!!
The weather is becoming so weird.
It's been hot all day, then rains a lot at night.
The project has been stopped because of that.
I'm also feeling ill! moreover is only used in academic literature.
Besides, I'm also feeling ill!
--
I'm sorry if I have lots of mistakes, but I can't write English.
My Best Vacation
Anna Campos
My Best Vacation
If you want to scape completely from your ordinary day to day activities; I suggest going to a cruise.
One of my best vacations was last year.
My family and I went to Bahamas Island on a cruise.
This was the most memorable, relaxing and fun vacation.
First of all, this vacation was the most memorable vacation because it was amazing when we got to the West palm Beach Port in Florida.
It was Sunday noon, there was beautiful weather.
We were admiring the spectacular ship that we going to sail to the Bahamas.
I thought the ship was the same size of the Titanic.
The biggest ship was white and blue; it has thirteen floors and balconies.
We have a wonderful welcome to the cruise, they took a picture, and the host helped us with the luggage, and took us to our room.
We felt so special like a celebrities.
Moreover, this vacation was super relaxing and excited because we knew that when we going out from the port; into the ocean we going to a paradise.
It is so peaceful to feel the ocean breeze, to see the sunset vivid color was amazing.
That was magnificent we have never seem a sunset like this before.
The ocean sound is so relaxing atmosphere that made us feels very comfortable.
In addition, we went to the most beautiful island in the Caribbean; we also had a lot of fun.
When the ship sailed the party began.
There are a lot of activities to do.
There is music played, karaoke, disco to dance, comedy, casino, and a lot of food to eat anytime we wanted.
The time went so fast the next thing we knew was already morning and we were in the beautiful Bahamas.
We thought that was a dream when we saw the island, looked like a picture from the calendar.
In conclusion, to have a wonderful vacations  full of memories, relaxant, and enjoyable.
The cruise is a place to go to different destination to have fun and exciting adventures.
A Place I Would Like to Visit Someday
A Place I Would Like to Visit Someday
 There are many beautiful places in the world that I dream to visit.
I agree with the previous editor.
However, the one I would like to visit the most is Lourdes France.
However, the one I would most like to visit is Lourdes, France.
I wish to visit the sacred Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes in the Basilica of the Rosary.
Also the grotto of the miraculous cave; the spring water from the grotto is believed to possess healing properties.
I would also like to visit the grotto of the miraculous cave where the spring water is believed to possess healing properties.
The faith of pilgrims, especially those in need of healing immerse themselves in the grotto hoping for cures and blessing.
The faithful pilgrims, especially those in need of healing, immerse themselves in the grotto hoping for cures and blessings.
I have faith in the power of miracles, Lady of Lourdes.
I have faith in the power of miracles of the Lady of Lourdes.
For these reasons, I believe it would be a wonderful experience to go there.
I think this is a beautiful place to enjoy the amazing scenery; definitely Lourdes should be my next destination.
I think this is a beautiful place to enjoy the amazing scenery. Lourdes could definitely be my next destination.
First entry
Humm!!!
I'm Horacio.
I'm from Argentina.
I used to use Google translator to write texts.
And now I use Lang-8.
Presenting Myself
I need a small informal presentation for English speakers.
Hi,
I'm Horacio, from Argentina, I'm 22 years old.
Do you speak English or Spanish?
My English is very basic, I speak like a six year old boy.
formal letter
August 23rd, 2009
Microisla.
Dear Mr or Ms:
Dear Mr or Ms:
I´m writing this letter because the computer which I bought in your shop doesn´t light up.
The computer broke on its self .
I tried turning it on but when I do it makes a noise.
I try to turn it on but it makes a noise.
You Can offer me a new computer for the old computer?Can you offer me to trade my old computer for a new computer?
Can you offer me a new computer for the old computer?
I need it for my job.
Yours sincerely,
Marissa
letter
Dear Mike,
It was great to hear from you!
Sorry; I couldn't answer you mail before because I was ill.
When can you come to my house to play computer games?
You can´t beat me.
First of all, I practice every day.
I practice playing on the internet with many people of the world.
Secondly, you always have been bad at playing sport and war games.
Can't wait to hear from you!
Yours truly,
Marissa
Hello
I'm Daniela, and I have to practice my English 'cause I'm going to start a new job, and I told the people who hired me that I can speak English as well as Spanish.
But now I'm not so sure about that, and that's why I want to practice, to see if I can really speak English.
What does "Freak you out" mean?
I heard it in Emma Lahana's song from "Power Rangers: Dino Thunder."
And it goes like this:
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
I can't tell you why
But I can't stop thinking about you baby
Oh yeah
Don't you think it's time
I walked around every word you're saying
Oh yeah (yeah)
Trying hard to figure out
Tell me what it's all about
Cuz I don't want to freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
I want to know
Know where you're at
I'm at the front
But baby you're still at the back
Oh, can you tell me where it's at
I gotta know
Know where you're at
I'm all alone waiting for you to ask
Oh, can you tell me where
Tell me where it's at
It seems like when we talk
You haven't heard a single word I'm saying
Oh yeah
I'm over here so listen up
Sit back tune in
Pick it up
Yeah
I'm just waiting here
Trying hard to figure out
Tell me what it's all about
Cuz I don't want to freak you out
Freak you out
I'm trying hard to figure out
Tell me what it's all about
What it's all about
I want to know
Know where you're at
I'm at the front
But baby you're still at the back
Oh, can you tell me where you're at
I gotta know
Know where you're at
I'm all alone waiting for you to ask
Oh, can you tell me where
Tell me where you're at
Freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
Didn't I try to let you know
Didn't I try to tell you so
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
I want to know
Know where you're at
I'm at the front
But baby you're still at the back
Oh can you tell me where
Tell me where it's at
(I want to know)
Can you tell me where it's at
(I want to know)
Can you tell me where it's at
(I want to know)
Can you tell me
(I want to know)
Tell me
I want to know
Know where you're at
I'm at the front
But baby you're still at the back
Oh can you tell me where you're at
I gotta know
Know where you're at
I'm all alone waiting for you to ask
Oh, can you tell me where
Tell me where you're at
Freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
Freak you out
Thanks!
English TV Programs
Hi everyone!
As I said in my first journal, I usually watch English, American or Canadian TV series.
I have to download all of the series that I like from the internet because in Spain they are all translated into Spanish, therefore, I can not always watch them in their original language thanks to the new digital television.
I found a great website called "tvcountdown" where you can see when an episode was broadcast or how much time you have to wait for the next episode.
Now, for instance, I´m watching "How I met your mother", "The Big Bang Theory" and "Little Mosque in the Prairie" etc. 
All comedies as you can see!!
If you know about any other similar series, I´d be glad to look for them on the internet.
See you!!
Waiting for the weekend!!
Hello!
It has been a long time since I wrote an entry...
my bad!
In my defense I must say that I have been really busy this week.
Furthermore, I can´t wait for the weekend!!
This weekend is going to be a long one because next Monday is a bank holiday in the city where I live.
So I´m going to visit my family in the south of Spain.
I´m lucky because there is another bank holiday on May 31st (Monday again) and that day is my birthday.
That weekend I want to go to Madrid, where my boyfriend lives. I´ll spend the whole weekend there with him and some friends.
In fact, we are having a party on Friday, so we are going to have lots of fun!
I really need to disconnect from work, at least for a few days.
I hope you enjoy your weekend too!!
Ciao!!
Spanish idioms
Hello everyone!
I was wondering today about a topic to write a new entry, then I realized one of the most difficult things to learn about a new language are idioms.
So I´d like to teach you some Spanish idioms and I hope any other people can bring up some idioms in their own languages!
For example, I think in English you usually say: "straight from the horse´s mouth".
You can translate literally this expression into Spanish, but what we say is "saber de buena fuente".
You say that when the person who knows everything about the matter tells you in person.
Another funny expression, at least for me, is "set the cat among the pidgeons", that expression in Spanish is similar but what we say is "take the fox into the hen run"/"meter el zorro en el gallinero".
We use that idiom when you mean that something or somebody is going to disturb some other people.
I don´t know if I have explained all of these clearly enough, but I love idioms so if I can learn more of them from you I´d be really glad!
THANK YOU!
Please help with my English.
I like the grape, much more than grape juice.
The guitar is a beautiful instrument, but much more easier than the piano or violin.
I bought a new car, this car is brown and the inside is blue.
Every morning, I wake up at 6:00 am, step by step I go to work.
Hi everybody...
Hello,
I just dropped in to see if I'm making any mistakes while writing. By the way, my name is Israel.
I know I still have a lot of vocabulary to learn, but I would like you to tell me how well I'm doing so far.
Talk to you all later!
Greetings from Peru.
PS: This is my first entry.
Practice
Hello, everybody..
how are you?
My name is Pablo Torres, I am from Uruguay, but actually I am living in Santiago, Chile...
I am working at an engineering Company in Santiago....
I am a Mechanical Designer.-
I hope that somebody will help me to improve my poor english.-
Thank you very much 
PTB  
homework
My english teacher we asked an article that is the issue...
did an article on architecture.
I
My name is Manuel I'm a student of architecture in Mexico in the state of Aguascalientes
TODAY
TODAY I HAVE TO STUDY FOR EXAMS AND ALSO I HAVE THREE WORK TO DO, I DO EVERYTHING TO REACH ALL FAST.
YES
YES WE CAN ....
TOMORROW
Tomorrow I have a busy day in college because TOUCHING ME MORE DIFFICULT SUBJECTS
ARCHITECTURE
Hi!
ah, build!
This is the noblest of all arts and desire is to excel in a trace...
I
HOY ADEMAS DE LOS EXAMENES TENGO QUE SALIR CON MIS DOS MEJORES AMIGOS Y CON  TRES AMIGAS, ESPERO QUE ME DIVIERTA MUCHO
hi
today is a boring day and I have to do a job and  do not know how to begin
letter
Gran Via 45 
Madrid
March 7th
Dear Susan,
I hope you and your family are doing very well.
My family is doing well although my mother has to go to the doctor.
The last Sunday I was at PROPET(pet industry trade fair)on a dog grommer course.
The course was very interesting and funny.
It was cheaper than other similar courses,because I had a professional? invitation.
I encountered? a curious dog .
The dog had blue hair.
I'm going to visit London soon for four days.
I'd like see you.
I want to go sightseeing.
I will phone when I arrive
Your's faithfully,
Montse
Supermarket
My mother and I go to the supermarket every Saturday.
We don't buy much beef , we prefer chicken .
We buy a lot of fish because we think fish is healthier than beef .
We buy a lot of vegetables and fruit (apples, oranges, strawberries, bananas).
I always buy semi-skimmed milk and my mother buys goat's milk because she is allergic to cow's milk.
On Sunday we are going to make a big cake with strawberries and a little chocolate.
Shopping list
A:Hello Susan.
Good morning. We need go shopping tomorrow.
We don't have any food in the fridge
B:What do we need?
A:We don't have anything
B:Why don't we make a list?
A:That's a good idea
B:We need some eggs, potatoes, wine, and apples.
A:Is there any coffee?
B:No, there isn't. I'd like to buy some milk too.
A:We haven't got enough ale and cheese
B:How many apples do you want?
A:I want a pair of apples and a bowl of muesli without sugar for breakfast.
B:Do you want anything else?
A:Yes, I would like bananas
B:Oh I don't like bananas
A:I would like bananas and some tea,please
B:OK tomorrow we will go shopping at ten o'clock.
letter
Gran Via 45 
Madrid
March 7th
Dear Susan,
I hope you and your family is doing well.
My family is doing well although my mother has to go to the doctor.
Last Sunday I was at PROPET (pet industry trade fair) for a dog grooming course 
The course was very interesting and funny. 
It was cheaper for me than other similar courses, because I had a professional invitation.
There was a curious dog there.
The dog had got blue hair
I'm going to visit London soon for four days.
I'd like see you.
I want to do some sightseeing.
I will phone when I arrive.
Your faithfully
Hello There!!!
My name is Juan Manuel, I am attending a Teaching Training course in a university. I love English very much, but I know I have many language mistakes, so it would be nice if anyone can help me, so that I 
My name is Juan Manuel, I am attending Teaching Training course in Uiversity, I love English very much, but I know I have many languages mistakes. It would be nice if anyone could help me, so that I 
don't repeat them ever again.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon,
Regards,
Juan Manuel
PS: you can e mail me at juanmanuel_pascual1982@yahoo.
com.
ar
My first class
My first class
I'm beginning to learn english. I have not spoken in about a month, but I now am motivated because at month's end, some friends are coming to vist. They are from Holanda and they speak English and Spanish. Their English is better than mine so I plan to learn as much as possible in the time I have. Can you unstertand what a saying?
I've started learning English. I'm not sure that I've spoken it in over a month but I try because some friends are visiting me at the end of the month. They are from Holland and they speak English and Spanish, but their English is better, so my intention is learning it bit by bit. Can you understand what I am saying?
Is Holiday in my country!!
Hi, Last friday I visited a friend in Cotacachi. Her house was small but her family were lovely.
She has a pretty cat, his name is Fausto.
I remember the day she found him in a market.
I was with her that day.
The cat was very sick and   hungry.
My friend gave him a home.
Today Fausto looks good.
I am happy for him!!
My friends are here
Hi, I hope somebody corrects my mistakes...
well, my friends arrived from Holland, they speak just a little Spanish, but we could communicate by signs and short phrases in both languages, It is was not so bad and they could learn something about my country.
In my job
Hi everybody!, I want to talk about my job.
I am graphic designer.
I work in a Medicity Company, really my job is cool because my boss travels all the time and I have time to make many things for example learn english and chat with my friends.
This is not problem here.
With out control, every one of us make our job very well with out stress of course!
Today I had having to work in companys web, and also in some posters that needed a little inspiration for me.
Now, I am hungry..
I will bought peannuts and maybe something else..
Please helpme with this words, today did not use the google translate.
Bye
Do you know Ecuador?
I am here again!!, I want to travel Europa by next year but my friends saying: Sudaka would have know Ecuador first.
So I think planning a trip to Galapagos Islands first, so as to bring some pictures of my beautiful country, always I say: Ecuador is a only country that you take a breakfast in the Coast, you can see the beach and engoying the sun, then could take a lunch in Sierra Region, You take a pictures, There are a mountains, The weather it´s cold but the wild´s sounds are amazing!!
The people in this region are very serious but friendly!, To night you could take a airplane and to travel for only 15 minutes and you will arrived in Tena.
It´s a place in the Amazonas Region, a place with rivers, flora and fauna, birds, and some great animals!
I have to tell you  some things of my country also I could to write a book but I must go to work now!
good bye      
What was the best or the worst about the english course?
I think the class was really good and fun.
Apart from that the methodology was appropriate for the learning process and the class qualification method was very organized.
The only bad thing was for the first part there wasn't sufficient time for the presentations.
my first day
Hi, everyone. In this moment I'm learning English, so I want you to help me to learn.
opinar sobre la clase a un profesor...
classes were good and understandable, we can highlight the organization the of teacher.
In my opinion, you should talk a little more in spanish for the students that are a little lost with the languaje
Party Day
Today I am going to my friend's party, but first I need clean my room because it is a disaster. I will listen to music while doing that. Then I will download some content off the web and perhaps some videos and then I'll be free free for the party tonight.
My Future
I would like to be an animator and work in an animation studio, because I'm so creative. I like to draw, paint and animate. 
A letter to my dad
Dear Dad: 
Hi dad! I've been doing well during the holidays. Of course I miss you.
It’s so interesting to meet people from all over the world and be able to practice my English while I'm here.
Sometimes I feel like something is missing, but I don’t know what or why. You know me very well so it’s not a big deal. It could be because I'm so sentimental since this is my first time traveling alone.
I've only been here for two days and yet it feels like I live here. It's amazing! All the people are so kind and friendly.
There's culture everywhere unlike anything I've ever experienced.
Recently I went to visit some very beautiful towns. It was very exciting meeting the natives as they would tell you all kind of stories about their history or whatever else you want to know.
Well dad, next time I'll tell you more because I'm going out tonight and have to be ready by ten o’clock. Take care and I’ll try to call you later ok. Bye!
Love….
chio….
If it isn’t too much to ask, please send me money.Though I guess when I come back we'll talk about money XD.
I love you….
ciao….
chio0.
I hope see you very soon.
The First
My bad English ...........
I will not go to Seoul
I need you.......................
but I can't meet you.... 
now I don't know ...
because I miss you so
the distance between us... it's horrible because I can`t see you 
because I can't your eyes , your face , your lips 
why do I live here?
...
so far from you.
because it's you, my dream 
nameless
This gray day has finally succumbed 
and far from a dream long
I would like to stop my last breath
I've forgotten, as sigh for you,
I do not remember when was the last time I smiled,
that my heart jump like
We currently do not remember more
the sweet melody of your heart
and not knowing if it still exists
I leave ......
Hello everyone!~♥
My name is Sol Segatorri♥ But you can call me 'Solbii' :D
I'm a 14 years old girl from Argentina.
I usually speak Spanish on a daily basis ('cause it's my native language), though I've been learning English at school since I was 6 years old, since 1st grade, and now I'm in my 2nd year of middle school (though here we have elementary school and secondary school, which lasts 5 years, it's not separated into middle & high school, though it's basically the same..)
I've always been just 'good' at English, but two years ago I started reading a lot, not books, actually, but fanfiction >w<' it sounds weird, but yeah, I learned a lot from reading, and then I started to learn a lot more from music and movies, and now I know a lot more English than the English level at my school (though my english teacher is kinda bitchy and it's kinda hard even for the ones that know a lot of English :/)
Yesterday, I wrote a short entry in Japanese.
I've been 'learning' (if it can called ' learning') Japanese, since july 2009, but I'm really lazy, something I actually hate, so I just know a few words, some sentences, and my grammar is really, really poor.
I planned on attending Japanese classes, but they seem too expensive for my mom to pay for T__T so, I think that I can't go, and I have to study by myself.
I've found a lot of resources on the Internet for learning Japanese, but I think that so far the hardest thing about learning Japanese is remembering all the on'yomi and kun'yomi readings of the kanji, and all their meanings T__T they're a lot to remember, though I have a good memory, I have to actually STUDY and LEARN them, not memorize them..
so, i'm in big trouble >.<'
I really like this website, it's really, really cool.
I want to congratulate whoever created it, it's really useful.
And I'm glad I found it ^^
Plus, everyone is always so nice!
^^
I'll try to correct some Spanish blog posts later, too!
I really wanna help everyone with their studying ^^ (the ironic thing here is that, I have an F in Spanish at school >.< and it is my native language, it's so stupid!)
I promise I'll try to improve my Japanese, because it's such a shame that it's so poor T__T
-Solbii
p.
d.: sorry for the super-long post, haha ^.
^'
Weekend~♥
Hi everyone!
^^
How are you doing?
I'm doing well ^^
Right now, I'm downloading some videos from YouTube that I need to make a video for a project about Japan for Geography class ^^
We had to choose an Asian country and I chose Japan, of course ^^
I think I'm going to choose 'Gee' by Shoujo Jidai (the Japanese ver.) as the background music.
What do you think?
Also, I've been practising katakana with my classmates' names.
I know a little of katakana, but not too much.
I need to practice a lot, and the project is due to Monday.
I'm going to bring some Japanese dolls made of porcelain, and small cute dolls made of wood, and a traditional fan too.
I was planning on bring also some manga of mine, but..
they're kind of PG-16 ('cause it has some nudity scenes >.<') and we're like 14-15 years old in my class, so it's not good.
However, I'll bring some Asian magazines that have tons of pictures from Japan, especially Tokyo.
They're pretty beautiful.
But the most important thing I have to do for this project, is studying Japanese weather propperly!
It's a bunch of complicated things about its weather, but I'll do my best.
I'll also talk about traditional Japanese clothing, such as kimono and yukata, and other accesories.
I'm pretty excited, but at the same time I'm kinda nervous because I hate talking in public, like, in front of my class >.<'
Anyways, in other news, we're going to have a 'sexuality class' on Monday.
On Thursday, we had to write some questions on a paper (just if you wanted to), and put them in a bag, so on Monday they'd be answered by an especialist.
So on Monday, we're going to have a sex talk (last year we did have one, and it was hilarious...).
So I'm looking forward to it, because it's quite interesting.
I didn't ask anything, by the way.
Oh!
And also, tomorrow it's Mother's Day here in Argentina!
Ö I still didn't buy anything to my mom!
I wanted to buy her something especial, but she keeps saying that I don't need to spend my money, that I have to make my dad spend some of his money hahaha.
I'm a newbie on the Lang-8 network
Hi everyone out there, 
I'm a very passionate person regarding the English language.
Besides my classes in high school, I have never taken English lessons in my entire life. Most of my learning is due to the English captions on TV, my former experience in the academic field and all my effort not to quit learning.
I'm a Computer Systems Engineer. I also have a Masters Degree in Public Administration; however, I would like the opportunity to work for the UN in any part of the world. I'm interested in working in the humanitarian field or any related position.
Whether I succeed or not, I'll keep on going by helping people as much as I can.
Well, I just hope to have the opportunity to make good friends and also to improve my English skills, as well as, broaden my life experience.
C ya to everybody and all comments are welcome.
Regards!
I'm back
Hi, I have come back after a long time.
Now I've decided to improve my english.
I will begin some classes with a teacher.
It's more difficult for me to write or speak the language than read or listen, it is hard for me to express my ideas but it's a little more easy to understand.
I know that is a long journey to learn a language but I really want to be able to communicate in English.
Bye!
PS: I have a lot of grammar mistakes!
xD.
Introduction
HI, My name is Gustavo and I am from Argentina.
I think this web site's idea is wonderful for learning languages and making  friends  from all over the world.
If you need any help with spanish (my native language),I can help.
I wish to improve my English because it isn't very good right now.
Perseverance.
I know that if I'm not perseverant the goal not will come true, So I will write everyday for practice the language.
Although I must study for the university.
I am in Biology in the University of Buenos Aires, I am in the begining of the carreer.
Within two weaks I have the exams of Chemistry and Physics and I need to do a lot of exercises.
Tomorrow I will gathering with my classmates for this reason.
I need to learn english also for the university, because some books are in this language, the new editions slow to be translated and we read in the original language.
Ok, this is all for today.
The next time I will write about a general topic or a story.
Bye!
P.
S: I have problems for not use "I" all the time.
Any tip?
I must study xD
Today,I went to a book fair and recently returned to my house.
Right now,I must study for my upcoming exams but I will go watch some episodes of "The big bang theory" instead, hehe =P
See you later!
Practice
I do not  have a  topic for this message so I will write about my desire to learn English.
I want to read a lot of books and papers from my field (psychology) that are in this language.I would also like to chat with people from other countries.Different cultures are very interesting to me.
Finally I want to speak correctly when communicating orally.
Bye bye!
Gustavo.
lecture
DOn'T MIND ABOUT COMMAS, CAPITOL LETTERS ETC...
I JUST WANT YOU TO CORRECT THE GRAMMAR STRUCTURE AND WORDS PLEASE
The culture is so important because people have different ways to perceive, visualize and act about the world, therefore make business.
The culture in international business transcend the visible aspects such as food, clothes and greetings, including the way of thinking and the different opinions about  the same reality.
Why is it so important to study cultures?
Because those who comprehend the culture have the opportunity to develop successful and long-term business affairs, if you don´t to do that, you will have terrible experiences.
For example one American businessman produces golf’s balls and he wants to sell them in china, but, his sales got down because he packs the4 balls per package, that number in china means death.
How the influence of a culture can affect on business?
The executive, who make business with international companies need to have more sensitivity about the differences among cultures and the importance to treat them in the right way.
For instance: errors that could be avoided easily.
The local strategies don’t work abroad as they were planned, and businesses need to be changed to fit the culture.
What basic aspects should be considered?
Should be considered:
Attitude in business
Punctuality
Make presents
Greetings
Gestures
Colors
Numbers
For example the punctuality is different in every culture.
The Japanese and The German are the most punctual people you’ll ever meet.
To give presents, the businessmen need to know in what moment is correct to give it, also it’s important the place, color, kind of present and how many presents are appropriate to give them.
The little details are important because they can determine the success of a negotiation, we need to remember that the culture differences are important and that one little detail in west doesn’t have importance but it could be rude in east.
I recommend you to spend time reading about history, geography, economy, culture about the country or city you’re going to visit.
differences
Can you explain me the differences between:
I like to swim
and
I like swimming
and
She didn't leave me 
and
She wouldn't leave me (talking in past)
College and University is the same?
please?
I have to hand it to my teacher before Saturday
My homework consists of writing about a difficult situation that I have overcome, uploading it here, and then printing my composition and the corrections that you guys have made :)
I think that the most difficult situation that I've been in is when I dropped normal high school and entered myself into another high school which was in an open system.
I made that decision because I was a mess at high school. When my classes started at 7am I arrived at 10.30am, and sometimes I didn't arrive at all. When I was in school I would be outside the classroom slacking off with friends, or if I was in the classroom I would be absent-minded, or laughing with some mates, or trying not to fall asleep - or doing anything except what I was supposed to do.
You won't believe this, but it was kind of hard being there because my classes were from 7am to 2.30pm (different subjects of course, and with 2 breaks of 20 minutes each time), and then from 3-6pm I had my 'extra' classes all week long!
I got out of that high school and my mom supported me until I told her that I was going to enter myself into another high school, but an open system one. She freaked out and told me not to do that, that I may regret it, and that it was better to go to another normal high school. I didn't listen to her and I went into the open system high school. I should've listened to her. It's been 2 years since I made that decision - 2 years of hearing my parents ask me about how I am doing at high school, and 2 years trying to finish high school (although it seems that in September I will be done with it - I really hope so). A lot of time doing nothing. I never got used to it - that's why I started learning German and continued learning English. 
Nowadays I'm still taking language lessons, and in the mornings I'm going to 3 hours of classes so that I can apply to university. Next year for sure I'll be studying toward my career.
Curious fact: I have 3 sisters and one of them went through the same situation but for different reasons. When she was in 'disgrace' I teased her, I made fun of her, and now she is happily studying for her career. Now you can figure out who is teasing me and making fun of me, right?
Yeah, karma is a bitch!
I wish....
do they mean the same?
I wish the tour was coming to Mexico
I wish the tour came to Mexico
---------------------
do they mean the same?
I wish I didn't make that desicion
I wish I wouldn't make that desicion
I wish I wouldn't have done that desicion
Redacción en inglés, QUE TENGO ENTREGAR MAÑANA!!!! bufffffffffff
Hola, está es la redacción que me gustaría me revisarais:
Hello classmates, I am going to tell a history, is a urban legends, that is told by people in my city and not scared at all people.
Around city,  there is an old house in ruins.
In this house, thirty years ago nobody lives there, but a man was looking every night.
The people told, that this man in the dark made a horrible noise in the house, and he was a face pale and thin.
The police approached the house because the neighbors were afraid, they thinked that was a ghost.
But the police found a thief, and during a few days the noise disappeared.
In spite of this, the noise followed listening, and the people say now that in the house there is a ghost.
Today the house has been buy for build a hotel, but people talk about the mistery will be continue in the hotel.
because the ghost again is in the hotel.
You do thinks that this history, is true or false???
Song 
If let us, go us to love all life,
If let us, go us to live a new world.
I believe can us see , the new dawn of a new day.
I think that you and I, we can be happy still.
If let us.
If let us.
Daugther's Mariachi.
My first day here :-)
Hi everybody.
I'm from Colombia.
I love the Internet.
It is a real pleasure to surf English communities like this one.
Let's see how everything goes.
Thanks in advance to everyone.
Jorge C.
Yoga makes you feel fresh as a daisy ;)
Hello everyone!
For me, Yoga is an experience involving body, mind, emotions and spirit.
The Sanskrit word yoga means "to control" or "to unite".
A good translation for this word would be “the experience of unity".
Yoga first arose more than five thousand years ago in India.
It grew from the need to develop an understanding of the various aspects of our experience in this life, from the physical through to the abstract.
Throughout history it has proved as an invaluable tool for dealing with the various challenges of human existence.
Outside India, the term yoga is typically associated with the so called: Hatha Yoga and its asanas (postures).
Yoga is believed to calm the nervous system and balance our body, mind, and spirit.
It is thought by its practitioners to prevent specific diseases  by keeping the energy points open and  Prana (or life energy) flowing.
Yoga has been used to lower blood pressure, reduce stress, and it improves coordination, flexibility, concentration, sleep, and digestion.
Yoga is usually practised in classes that range from 60 to 90 minutes in length (aprox).
In a typical yoga class you'll practise the following principles: 
•The first principle Asana (or body postures) involves a set of twenty six poses, done at this temperature.
This promotes profuse sweating, which is said to help the body rid of toxins.
The temperature also promotes flexibility.
•The second principle is Pranayama (or breathing control) this helps us achieve a calmer and more focused mind, and increases the energy level.
•The third principle is Savasana (corpse/relaxing pose) by releasing tension in the muscles and putting our whole body at rest, you revitalise your nervous system, and if executed well, achieve inner peace making you feel relaxed.
•And the fourth is Dhyana (or meditation): positive thinking and meditation will help remove negative thoughts and put your mind under control.
After this...
you feel totally refreshed
and ready to start a new day ;) 
Thanks for reading this!
:D
Help please! D:
Hello everyone!, is the following text correct?
HELP!
ENGLISH CLASS
2.
– DESCRIPTION OF THE SUBJECT 
Theoretical and practical study focused on the development of English proficiency to a elementary / pre intermediate level, in both listening comprehension and oral production of the language.
3.
– GENERAL OBJECTIVES
- Contribute to the internalization of colloquial lexicon by a continuous practice of the language.
- Develop the skill of producing oral and written aspects of English to a elementary / pre intermediate level.
- Develop the ability to produce oral and written English in real life situations, using the vocabulary, pronunciation, grammatical structure and the proper idioms correctly at an elementary / pre intermediate level.
- Learn a more colloquial and concrete lexicon in order to introduce the student to more abstract and specific vocabulary.
4.
– UNITS
5.
– CONTENTS BY UNITS
6.
– ASSESSMENT
There will be 3 tests in the semester.
The teacher will apply some short quizzes periodically in the semester.
All the evaluations mentioned above will have a weight of 60% of the final grade.
The other 40% will be a listening comprehension test at the end of the semester.
15% quizzes 
15% 1st Oral – written test
15% 2nd Oral – written test
15% 3rd Oral – written test 
40% listening test 
7.
– METHODOLOGY
It has an eclectic approach that combines the cognitive model as well as direct teaching methods.
The students' lexicon for colloquial and simple topics will be constantly developed.
Continuous usage of the lexicon in conversations guided by the teacher, group and individual work, dialogue and paragraph making, role plays and communicative games guided by the teacher; listening comprehension activities.
"What should I do next year"
I've been thinking about what I should do next year...
because in December I'll graduate from the University, but I don't want to work right away...
should I take a long vacation?
(I deserve that, but it's kind of lazy, isn't it?)
should I study something else, in order to feel more prepared for the cruel world?
xD!
should I travel and practice my English, Japanese, and Portuguese?
(but I need tons of money to do that xD)
or finally, should I mix everything and work on a cruise?
Thinking about the future is difficult!.
In the meantime, I'll prepare my dinner and think about the "inmortalidad del cangrejo"( Do you have a phrase like that in English?
"Thinking about the immortality of the crab"?
:D
A letter of application
This is my answer to one of the excercises in my FCE coursebook.
My answer:
Dear Mrs Benson,
I am writing to apply for the position of bookseller which I saw advertised in a newspaper.
I believe I have all the necessary skills and qualifications for this post as I already have two years’ experience working in a bookshop.
I am currently preparing for the Cambridge First Certificate in English Examination and I am able to carry out most day-to-day tasks in English.
In addition, I am hard-working and responsible.
I am computer literate and I enjoy reading books.
I would like the opportunity to work for an International Bookshop because this job would offer me more experience in this professional field and would be a great opportunity for me to improve my speaking and conversational skills.
I would be happy to attend an interview at a time convenient for you.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require any further information.
I hope to hear from you in the near future.
Yours sincerely
Daniel, 
(I TRIED TO USE THE MOST FORMAL STYLE I COULD BUT PLEASE CORRECT IT IF THE STYLE IS NOT APPROPRIATE FOR THE SITUATION)
Reading Paper Part 3
Well, that's the third and last part of the test...(and the most difficult for me, too!)
Informal email
Still revising for my exam:
Dear Jack,
Thanks for your email.
It thought I’d better drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about getting together again.
I’ve been working nonstop on my exams recently and, honestly, I think I need to let off some steam and hang out with friends.
I guess it would be a good idea to go to see “Murder Mystery" at the Alhambra Theater.
You see, the last performance is on Sunday at eight o’clock so I wouldn’t want to miss the opportunity to go, as the reviews are excellent!
Listen, I’ve emailed Sue and Milo to ask them if they want to join us and they said they do.
They suggested that we go for a meal afterwards so I was wondering if you might like to go to Gino’s Pizzas.
My sister’s been there and says the food's pretty good and a great deal!
I must get going now.
Keep in touch.
All the best.
Daniel,
Reading Paper
This is a model test of the Reading Paper of my FCE exam (the exam consists of 5 parts: READING, WRITING, USE OF ENGLISH, LISTENING and SPEAKING).
This paper is divided in three parts and lasts an hour...
The thing is that this test belongs to a book without the answer key and I'm not able to check whether I'm right or wrong...
My answers are marked on the sheets...
Could you tell me if they're right?
I'm posting just the first part because I don't want to make my journal too long..
I'll carry on posting the other two parts once I get your responses...!
Sorry if the texts are too basic to you or even ridiculous...
Sometimes it's hard to understand everything in such a short amount of time...
Preparation for the FCE exam: My first short story 
The story MUST begin with "That day, my life changed forever".
(The theme of this story is given by my coursebook so I cannot change it.
I did my best to make it sound cool)
My answer:
That day, my life changed forever.
After I had got back from work, my friends Hugh and Susan turned up at home without any warning.
They looked excited and yet worried, as if they had something important to tell me.
"You've got to help us raise funds for our local hospital.
Otherwise, it will close!” said Susan hopefully.I would not say hopefully here, you would use hopefully when you want something to happen, I would say something like dramatically, or hoping to convince me.
Hugh was clearer and explained everything to me.
They were going to take part in a 6-day 90 km sponsored walk of the Great Wall of China and wanted me to join them.
Needless to say, I accepted at once and some days later we were beginning the walk!
Although we had been trained before, Susan appeared to be out of breath the whole time.
Although we had trained before, Susan appeared to be out of breath all the time.been trained is someone teaching you to do something. Trained is just preparing for.
Suddenly, in the middle of the walk, I turned around and realized she had disappeared!
I was absolutely astonished and started to look for Susan everywhere.
Hugh, who had not noticed what was going on up until this moment, began shouting desperately.
And it was then that Susan appeared running towards us apologising for stopping to have a rest!Now I am not sure about this but is just doesn't sound right to me then when, it would be much easier to say Suddenly Susan appeared.
Huge got really upset and continued walking, but Susan, who had a way with words, coped well and made it up with him in a matter of minutes.
We felt very proud of ourselves when we finished the walk.
It had been really hard and time-consuming but the hospital would continue operating.
It had been really hard and time-consuming but the hospital will continue working.
Naturally, we hope we will do something similar again soon - but Huge refuses to do it with Susan!
Everyday English
My teacher gave me this sheet last year.
It has some common(?) informal expressions and, once again, I'd like to know if they are common at all.
The chart is completed with my handwriting...
But first of all, I'd like to thank everybody for the helping hand you've given me with my English understanding!
But first of all, I'd like to thank everybody for the helping hand you're giving me with my English understanding!
Note: There are so many expressions that I'm not expecting a detailed explanation...
I just wanna know if they are commonly used or not...
Thanks again!
An informal letter to an English-speaking friend
Once more, I'm practising my informal English for my next exam:
Dear Hugh, 
I thought I’d better drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about giving you a helping hand with your project at school.
Well, I think my favorite website is Lang 8, a place for learning and practicing foreign languages where native speakers correct your writing.
You should take a look at it!
It has really changed my way of learning English and, what’s more, I made some very reliable American friends!
I would write down my texts and wait for my teacher to correct them, but now I can check if they are right or wrong in a matter of minutes!
Even with the clearest explanations!
Needless to say, Lang 8 has helped me learn lots of new expressions, idioms, slang and so on.
Sometimes, I correct Spanish compositions as well and feel I’m useful and helpful.
I’m really on cloud nine!
Anyway, I must get going now and carry on with my homework.
I hope this will help you.
All the best, write back soon.
Daniel,
I'd also like to know how to make it look more American because I'm also interested in AmE!
Could you tell me some expressions more common in the USA than the ones I wrote (that are likely to be BrE)?
However used as a conjunction
"However ridiculous" it may sound....
I have doubts with this very structure..
It is always the same...
I'm able to handle English grammar properly but hardly any book explains the register and the style of this sort of expressions...
To my non-native ears, INVERSION is used in formal English....
As I was looking for a good synonym ("No matter how...", for instance, which is rather informal[?]), it reminded me of the poem "INVICTUS":
IT MATTERS NOT HOW STRAIGHT THE GATE,
HOW CHARGED WITH PUNISHMENT THE SCROLL,
I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE,
I AM THE CAPTAIN OF MY SOUL...
"It matters not..." sounds quite formal...
Anyway, What do you think?
Am I right?
Or is English grammar driving me crazy?
=P
Words meaning VERY
I found an interesting unit called "Very" in one of my books on English Idioms.
I think they are more common in BrE but maybe it's the same in AmE.
I also wanna know if they're worth studying and using in everyday conversations.
I've also found some reliable examples in my monolingual dictionary:
1.
BONE DRY: The path is dry as a bone.
2.
RAZOR SHARP: Its teeth are razor sharp.
3.
PAPER THIN: Keep your voice down-the walls are paper thin.
(also wafer thin?)
4.
STARK NAKED:No examples, but my dictionary says that in AmE is more common to say: buck naked/naked as a jaybird (is that true?)
5.
BRAND NEW: Jake arrived in his brand new car.
6.
WIDE AWAKE: The noise brought him wide awake.
7.
PITCH BLACK: I couldn't find it, my dictionaty proposes JET/INKY BLACK (meaning very dark) What do you think?
Does it exist?
8.
FAST ASLEEP(also SOUND ASLEEP):No examples, just the definition (sleeping deeply)
9.
DIRT CHEAP: This coat was dirt cheap.
10.
ROCK BOTTOM: I couldn't find it and I have doubts about its meaning.
11.
DEAD EASY: I couldn't find it, either.
I understand the meaning though.
Blissfully happy
I'm learning some interesting collocations in English and "blissfully happy" caught my attention.
It's a strong collocation and a synonym for VERY HAPPY.
However, I was wondering whether this expression is proper to informal or formal English.
To my way of thinking, I suppose it's formal or at least neutral.
What do you think?
Does it sound natural to you?
Is the subjunctive mood dead?
"If I were you, I would...." 
This structure is pretty well-known to me, as I've studied it for a couple of years and you can see it in any grammar english book or coursebook for ESL students.
I've read some articles claiming that it is dying slowly...
What do you think?
LEARNING A LANGUAGE
My teacher gave me this poem last year when I was starting classes for my next exam.
I found it really useful and I think it's motivating and encouraging...
LEARNING A LANGUAGE
Learning a language
is like doing a jigsaw puzzle
of a million pieces
with a picture that keeps changing.
It's like getting lost in a foreign city
without a map.
It's like playing tennis without a ball,
like being an ant in a field of grasshoppers.
It's being an acrobat with a broken leg,
an actor without a script,
a carpenter without a saw,
a storyteller without a middle or an end.
But then gradually
it¹s like being out in the early morning
with the mists lifting.
It¹s like a chink of light under a door,
like finding the glove you were looking for,
catching the train you thought you were going to miss,
getting an unlooked-for present,
exchanging a smile.
And then one day it's like riding a bicycle
very fast downhill.
Olivia McMahon
Idioms meaning HAPPY
I've come across some idioms meaning HAPPY.
Since I make a big effort to sound natural (which really helps me write personal letters), I was wondering if real native speakers use these kinds of expressions.
I guess they do, but are they EVEN more common than HAPPY itself in spoken English?
1.
FEEL ON TOP OF THE WORLD 
2.
THRILLED TO BITS/PIECES 
3.
WALK ON AIR 
4.
FULL OF THE JOYS OF SPRING (My dictionary adds it's used humorously)
An informal letter giving news
The task: 
"You are studying abroad in an English-speaking country.
Write a letter to your pen friend, describing the school and saying what you like most and what you like least about the school"
My answer:
Dear Hugh,
I thought I’d drop you a line to let you know what I’ve been up to lately.
I’ve just come to England to improve my English and joined a school that my friend had recommended to me.
Honestly, I think it was the best choice I’ve ever made!
The teachers are really encouraging and motivating and I’m learning a great deal from them.
They’ve even offered to show me around the city!
What’s more, the school is very spacious and is near my location so I can talk to my neighbours as I’m walking to it!
On top of that, the restaurant serves delicious and nourishing food so eating fast food is out of the question!
Needless to say, I’m really enjoying myself though there are a few things I don’t like.
For instance, yesterday I was exhausted after the lessons.
Believe it or not, each class lasts two hours and we have rather short breaks.
To make matters worse, we get a load of homework to do with fairly tight deadlines.
Anyway, I’m trying to keep my chin up – it will be good for my future!
Write back soon.
All the best.
Daniel,
*****************************************************************
Well, it's written in BrE.
I know "neighbors" is AmE spelling!
Another short story
I'm sorry I've been away for such a long time.
School restarted and I've been busy and overloaded with homework!
The task says: "The story must begin with the words "Gillian was cold and hungry and completely lost".
My answer:
Gillian was cold and hungry and completely lost.
Her right knee was hurting and the night was starting to fall.
The roar of guns was everywhere and she could hardly breathe.
She stood up slowly and carefully and looked around with suspicion.
She had never been to such a weird dark place before.
There were trees everywhere and screams of mercy could be faintly heard.
For the first time in her entire life Gillian was afraid.
How she had got there, she didn’t know.
How she had got there, she didn’t know.
Her first impression was that the place looked as if it were a small island.
She checked thoroughly to make sure that she was alone.
She had begun walking to and fro desperately when the floor suddenly started shaking - it was an earthquake!
Suddenly, the ground split in two and Gillian screamed wildly as she was falling down into the hole…
Eventually, everything went black.
However, soon some voices started to be heard again.
Gillian woke up and saw her mum beside her.
The island had disappeared.
She was lying quietly in her bed - everything had been a dream!
E-mail asking for further information
I'm still revising for my FCE exam!
MY ANSWER TO THE TASK:
Dear Sir/Madam
I am writing to you with regard to your advertisement which I saw in a newspaper.
I am very interested in learning Russian at your school and I would like further information about it.
First of all, I would be grateful if you could inform me if I would be suitable for the level of the school, as I am an absolute beginner.
I would also appreciate it if you could inform me about the price of your courses as well as how many hours per week your courses are.
Owing to the fact that I live in Argentina, I would also like to know if the accommodation you provide is near the school.
Could you also let me know the business hours of your study centre?
I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.
Yours faithfully,
Daniel
Gerunds
I know both cases below are correct but what is the most common?
Are those structures common at all or do they sound too weird?
1.
They don't understand your/you needing more money.
2.
I don't think anyone mentioned Mary's/Mary being there.
3.
I don't like her reading my letters.
I found more examples in the sheet my teacher gave me some years ago, but I think they are enough to get the message across.
Speaking Paper PREPARATION (Part 2- The individual long turn)
This part lasts 1 minute (!) and the candidates are required to compare and contrast two photos and give a personal opionion responding a question from the examiner.
I enclose the two photos (make sure that the question is below)
The task:
"Compare and contrast these pictures and say which hobby would be more difficult to learn"
My answer: 
In both pictures I can see two people doing leisure activities.
Both of these people look as if they are enjoying what they are doing.
Both of these people look as if they are enjoying what they are doing.
However, they are not doing the same sort of activities.
In picture 1, the girl is probably learning to play the piano, whereas in picture 2, the man seems to be more confident climbing a rock wall.
The main difference between the two pictures is that in the second one risk factors are involved.
Personally, I think climbing would be more difficult than learning  to play the piano, although in both activities mental and physical ability is required.
Phrasal verbs
An important feature of phrasal verbs is that they are typically idiomatic.
But when I used one of them some days ago, I was told it was rather FORMAL!
I was amazed at this statement so I was wondering if you might at least clear this: are most phrasal verbs informal?
Do you use them regularly?
A semi-formal letter giving information
Dear Mr. Spiller,
I am writing to you with regard to your e-mail informing me that I have won first prize in your competition.
I am writing to you with regard to your e-mail informing me that I have won first prize in your competition.
I am extremely happy and I am looking forward to attending the course in Australia.
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities.
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for, as in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities.
Furthermore, it may also be of great importance for you to know that I would prefer to attend the speaking and listening classes, because I ought to improve my conversational skills for my day-to-day life.
With respect to the afternoon activities you mentioned in your e-mail, I would like to inform you that I would rather make a radio programme (I'm using the BrE spelling but I know in Ame you say "program") and learn to play a musical instrument, as both activities might offer me the possibility of boosting my confidence and my interpersonal skills.
Finally, I would appreciate it if you could inform me about the accommodations available as well as clothing I should take with me.
Finally, I would appreciate it if you could inform me about the accommodation available as well as what items of clothing I should take with me.
I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.
Yours sincerely,
Daniel
Another letter of application
My answer to one of the exercises of my coursebook!
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to apply for the position of shop assistant which I saw advertised in a newspaper.
I believe I have all the necessary skills and qualifications for this post.
I am 25 years old (I'm allowed to lie in the exam!
I'm 16!)and I have had considerable experience working in a shop.
I am currently studying English for the First Certificate Examination and I am able to carry out most day-to-day tasks in English.
In addition, I am hard-working and responsible.
I enjoy working in a team and I am patient and thorough in my work.
I am computer literate and I have taken courses in computing.
This sounds strange to me -- you're not going to get experience in the professional field of "skiing" by working in a ski shop. Even if you use the mentioned "ski pass" to go skiing on your free time, that would not be the same as training with a coach to become a professional skier and compete in the Olympics! I would just say something completely different... maybe "I would appreciate the opportunity to further improve my communication skills..." or something.... :\
I would be happy to attend an interview at a time convenient to you.
is there one that is more common in BrE or AmE?
or is it the same?) to attend an interview at a time convenient to you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Daniel
Speaking Preparation Part 3 -The two-way collaborative task
The task:
"For each of these pictures, say which of the crimes are the most and least serious"
(I'm supposed to do this with another partner in the exam)
Reckless driving appears to be the most serious crime because human life is (put) at risk.
What's more, not only can the driver get hurt but he can also hurt somebody else.
I would say burgling is nearly as serious as reckless driving, since violence might be involved. At least in the US, we don't use the word "to burgle." We say "burglary" and sometimes "burglar" for the offender. You can also say breaking and entering.
Film piracy would take third place because it is wrong and unethical.
Not respecting public signs is immature and shows an inconsiderate nature.
Also, smoking in public places is impolite and shows no respect for other people.
Drawing graffiti is a rude action and defaces historical buildings and houses.
Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since it is not permitted but at least it's not damaging.
Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since although it is not right at least it's not damaging.
Finally, in my opinion, street performance seems to be the least serious crime since although it is not legal, at least it's not damaging.
Strong/Great possibility
Yesterday, I was practising my reading skills when I came across the words "great possibility".
They sounded a bit weird to me, as I was used to the STRONG "COLLOCATION" "strong possibility".
I'm sure that, if my teacher saw this in my compostions, she would correct it straight away and say :"it is STRONG POSSIBILITY, not GREAT POSSIBILITY...
Otherwise, you'll lose grades in your exam".
I'm a bit upset becuase of this fact, though I'd use STRONG possibility for sure.
The thing is that by learning collocations, students make their English more natural and native but I think it's a bit dissapointing, since they seem to be useless.
Well, to cut a long story short: What do you think sounds better: GREAT or STRONG possibility?
Could I say HIGH possibility as well?
Help from native speakers
How would you describe these following images with specific vocabulary?
I need to describe them in detail because this is what I'm supposed to do in my next exam.
I was wondering how a native would describe these photos...
Could you help me?
Informal letter (Yes, again!)
Yes, still revising (or reviewing [AmE])for my exam!
Dear Ben,
I thought I’d drop you a line to let you know that I’m thrilled about your next film!
Listen, you can meet up with me whenever you want, but I’d rather you come in January. I don’t usually have much work to do then and I could probably be on holiday.
On top of that, the weather in January’s usually scorching and I think the film would look nicer if done in summer.
What do you think?
As for the unusual place you mentioned in your last letter, I guess the old railway station would be an interesting choice. Many tourists don’t even know that my town was founded nearly 100 years ago because of it! 
Finally, I guess I could give you a helping hand to get to know my town better.
We’ll have a good time, that’s for sure!
Keep in touch.
All the best,
Daniel
I used BrE...
BrE                  AmE
HOLIDAY              VACATION
RAILWAY STATION RAILROAD STATION I didn't realize that... I'm just used to "train station" ha ha
FILM                 MOVIE
There must be others but those are the ones I noticed...
The sick's health
I was told to write a short story and since I know I have to use vivid language and all this stuff, I decided to translate a story first, and then write one by myself.
I think it'll help me and I found it somewhat dynamic.
The story is originally called "La salud de los Enfermos" and was written by Julio Cortázar, who was born in Brussels but his parents were Argentinian and he felt Argentinian too.
Well, here's my translation [it's just the beginning of the story]:
"When aunt Clelia unexpectedly felt ill, there was a moment of panic in the family and for several hours nobody was able to react or discuss a plan of action.
Not even uncle Roque, who always found the most sensible solution.
Carlos got a call at the office.
Rosa and Pepa dismissed their piano and solfege pupils and even aunt Clelia was more worried about mum than about herself..."
The original extract is below.
I had to make some changes though I'm not sure about them.
After all, my dream is to become an English translator and an English teacher!
Cuando inesperadamente tía Clelia se sintió mal, en la familia hubo un momento de pánico y por varias horas nadie fue capaz de reaccionar y discutir un plan de acción, ni siquiera tío Roque que encontraba siempre la salida más atinada.
A Carlos lo llamaron por teléfono a la oficina, Rosa y Pepa despidieron a los alumnos de piano y solfeo, y hasta tía Clelia se preocupó más por mamá que por ella misma.
Informal expressions
I've decided to work on informal language so I've learned some new vocabulary.
I'd like you to have a look at it and tell me which expressions are more common in BrE or AmE...
I'll learn some American slang later!
1.
GET ON TOP OF SOMEBODY: If your work or a problem gets on top of you, it begins to make you feel unhappy and upset.
2.
NOT HAVE MUCH UP TOP [Just in BrE?]: To be not very intelligent.
3.
A GET-TOGETHER: A friendly informal meeting or party.
4.
Pricey (also pricy?): Expensive.
5.
Fancy (adj):Used about fashionable restaurants, cars, clothes etc that look expensive.
6.
A RIP-OFF: Something that is unreasonably expensive.
7.
NATTER[Just in BrE?]:To talk for a long time about unimportant things.
Syn:CHAT.
8.
MAKE A MOVE [Just in BrE?]:To leave a place.
I'd also like to know if they are that worth learning..
I mean, in Spanish (I live in Arg) there are so "unnessary" idioms that I sometimes hesitate a bit.
An informal letter giving news (#2)
Well, not much to say.
Another personal letter...
It's written in BrE!
The task:
"You recently spent a holiday abroad.
Write a letter to your pen friend, describing the things you enjoyed the most, and the things you enjoyed the least about your holiday".
My answer:
Dear Hugh,
I thought I’d drop you a line to fill you in on my recent holiday in Australia.
Well, you know I’d always dreamt of visiting such an interesting place.
The people there are really nice and polite and are always offering help if you need it.
On top of that, I really loved going on safari and learning about wildlife – a wide range of animals and trees at my fingertips!
I was thrilled to bits!
Unfortunately, not everything was good.
The hotel I stayed in was rather pricey and to tell the truth it wasn’t worth what I had paid for!
The bedrooms weren’t spacious enough and I had hardly and I hardly had room to keep my luggage!
All the same, I had a great time and was able to let off some steam.
Hope to hear from you soon.
Keep in touch.
Daniel,
Idioms, colloquialisms and other expressions of British English
Hi...
I've been learning some idioms referred to the weather and I was wondering "are they common at all?".
I'll write some of them and I'd like you to give your opinions about them: are they used indistinctly in BrE and AmE?
Has any of them an equvalent in AmE?
1.
It's raining CATS AND DOGS.
(a lot)
2.
It's BUCKETING DOWN.
(pouring with rain)
3.
We could ask him to sort out the invoices, but he'll MAKE HEAVY WEATHER OF IT.(make it unnecessarily difficult and complicated)
4.
Jan's feeling UNDER THE WEATHER.
(unwell)
5.
However gloomy things may seem, EVERY CLOUD HAS A SILVER LINING.(there's always some aspect which is good)
6.
They were ON CLOUD NINE when they won the lottery.
(very happy)
IDIOMS WITH "WAY"
I'm doing my best to sound as natural and native as possible!
I'm studying some idioms with WAY and I sometimes can't understand the meaning of them because my books just mentions them.
a)Work your way to the top: To become successful in doing sth?yes, start as a cleaner and end up as the manager
b)Have a way with words: I found it in my dictionary.
To be good at using words effectively.
c)Go out of your way: I found it in my dictionary.
To do sth with more effort than is usual or expected.
d)You can't have it both ways: ?to argue illogically, eg I want to pass my exams, but I don't want to study.
e)Meet you halfway:?to compromise
f)Pave the way(also clear/open/prepare the way): I found it in my dictionary.
To make it possible for sth to happen or develop later.
g)Set in your ways:?To be a person with fixed habits, Always get up at 8, eat same thing every day etc
h)Keep out of sb's way: To leave a person alone?
I mean, not to disturb a person?
i)Stand in sb's way(also stand in the way):I found it in my dictionary.
To prevent sb from doing sth.
j)Way off course:?To misunderstand something,to do things wrong. also you can say, got hold of the wrong end of the stick.
An informal letter (2)
Another exercise from my coursebook:
Dear Hugh,
I’m sorry I haven’t been in touch for such a long time.
I thought I’d better drop you a line because I’d like to go on holiday to your country and I want to ask you a few questions.
I’m really keen on arts so I was wondering if you might tell me a good place to visit and buy some paintings for my house.
I’d also love to go to a museum and visit the most important historical buildings in your country.
Would you also mind telling me what other interesting places are worth visiting?
By the way, I’d like to go the theatre and the cinema as well, so could you tell me what’s playing?
I know you don’t have a car and I’m planning to do so many things that I still don’t know what type of transportation to choose.
What would you recommend to me?
I´m looking forward to hearing from you again.
Write back soon.
Love,
Daniel
Inversion
I was asked to write a story with a different, humorous ending and I chose "Sleeping Beauty".
It started: "In a far away land, long ago, lived a king and his queen..." and my teacher said it was wrong and added a "there" to it, like this: "In a far away land, long ago, THERE lived a king and his queen...".
She said that "there" was used to create INVERSION in the sentence.
What do you think?
Is my sentence wrong?
Fce Informal Letter or E-mail
Hi!
Could you have a look at my piece of writing and give it a score?
Could you have a look at my piece of writing and give it a score!
I'd really appreciate it!
I enclosed the letter below:
I've enclosed my homework and my answer to it is below:
Dear Sam, 
Glad to hear from you again.
This is just to let you know that I’m fascinated with the idea of having my portrait taken.
Listen, I was wondering if you might like to paint me in the garden because I’m having my house repaired at the moment and it’s really a mess!
Anyway, I think you’ll love all the flowers and bushes at my house as well as my swimming pool.
Anyway, I think you’ll love all the flowers and bushes in my garden as well as my swimming pool.
You’ll absolutely adore the view!
Last time you wrote, you also said something about an important thing to me and after thinking about it for a while I made up my mind and chose my old dad's piano becuase it's a priceless possession to me.
Last time you wrote, you mentioned an object that's important to me, and after thinking for a while I've decided on my dad's old piano, because it's a priceless possession to me.
What do you think?
By the way, should I dress in formal or casual clothes once you start painting me?
By the way, should I be dressed in formal or casual clothes once you start painting me?
You can come and visit me so that we can talk about when to start the painting and other stuff.
If you could arrange to visit me so that we can finalise all the details, and arrange a time to start the painting. o .
Looking forward to hearing from you again.
All the best.
Daniel,
Thanks in advance!!!!
If you're studying Spanish, I'm available to check your journals as well!
A prediction 
I have to do some homework on predictions and I wrote this..(Sorry I haven't been correcting your pieces- I'm overloaded!)
In 5 million years' time, humans will have highly evolved and people will be living alongside aliens and new species.
We will not wear ordinary clothes, but instead special protective equipment in order to protect ourselves from solar rays.
Clouds will no longer exist and therefore there will be no rain at all.
Robots will be in charge of the population's security and household chores.
A lot of people will suffer from obesity due to their sedentary lifestyles. Some humans will have the ability to read other people's minds.
(Sorry if the spelling is terrible; I'm writing this as quickly as I can!)
Thanks a lot/ Thanks a bunch
My dictionary is driving me crazy.
It says that "Thanks a lot/ Thanks a bunch" are JUST used ironically!
I regret thanking so many friends this way!
What do you think?
FORMAL LETTER: ASKING FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
THIS IS ANOTHER EXCERCISE FROM MY FCE COURSEBOOK...
MY ANSWER:
MY ANSWER:
Dear Mrs Brown,
I am writing to you in connection with your advertisement regarding your English Summer School.
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement about your English Summer School, and would like the answers to a few questions..
 I have several queries; Firstly, I would like to know where the school is, and how to reach it from the nearest underground station?
1.) I would like to know where the school is located and how to reach it from the nearest underground station.
Firstly, I would like to know where the school is and how to get there from the nearest underground station.
I would also like to know how big the classes are, and what sort of facilities are provided?
2.) How big are the classes and what sort of facilities are provided?
 I would also like some information on the dates that I can register at your school.
3.) What dates are available to register?.
 I would also like to know what sort of leisure activities can be arranged at the school?
4.) What sort of leisure activities are available?
I also need information on what type of accommodation is available?
5.) What type of accommodation is available, and is it included in the advertised price?
Could you also inform me if the price that appears in your brochure includes accommodation?
I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.
yours sincerely, Daniel 
Sincerely yours, Daniel 
Friends
I've been watching some "Friends" episodes on the net and it was like love at first sight!
My teacher had suggested that I watch this sit-com last year but, honestly, I could hardly understand a word!
Yesterday, however, I wanted to have another opportunity and I was amazed at my understanding!
I don't wanna sound boastful but I could understand almost everything (in spite of some slang, which I've already learnt).
It sounds a bit strange, though, that I can clearly understand AmE whereas I still have some problems with BrE.
Generally speaking, I've improved a lot in my listening skills (which was something that worried me).
The thing is that I still can't undestand, for instance, BBC videos...
I love "Friends"!
Do you like watching it, too?
translating a song
Hey!
hello!!
This time I brought you a song that I like and I wanted to translate from Japanese.
As you can see, the song has some verses in English and others in Japanese.
Next time I would like to translate the complete song to Spanish, but first I want to know if I my translations are alright.
Could you correct me please?
Thanks a lot!
^^ I appreciate your help!
It’s Hard to say my mind
I don’t know
but I believe that coming true the day
we both know
It’s Hard to say your mind
I can tell you my own
I don’t wanna see you feeling blue
I don’t wanna see your light is gone
I didn't know what to put here :S]
I don’t know but I believe that we can be the one
we both know
I don’t know but I believe that I’ll go with you
For be the one
Schools I used to go
In my english course, the teacher asked me to do a composition; this was the result: 
Schools I used to go
When I was four years old, I began my education at state school.
My primary school, where I also attended kindergarden, was called "Ejército Argentino" and it was located in my neighbourhood.
In spite of being a small building, it had two floors and a schoolyard on the ground floor it had classrooms and bathrooms; in the first floor there was a library, a computer room and a laboratory.
there were seven grades, but clases were always very small, no more than twenty or twenty-five pupils.
The discipline wasn't really strict (I think it wasn't too necessary because normally pupils behaved well).
On the other hand, the education level was good enough, there were a lot of activities to do and I always had homework.
As it was a state school, we didn't wear uniforms, but we had to wear white pinafores.
I really enjoyed going to school, and I love to study.
My favourite subjects were Literature, History and Drawing.
Maths and Natural Science were the worst for me and I didn't like them at all.
I was a good student; I was good at all subjects except Physical Education: my performance was really bad.
In 2003 I started to attend a secondary school, also in the neighbourhood, but so much near my house.
Just like the previous one, it was a state school and I didn't need to wear a uniform or white pinafore (the students could wear informal clothes).
The high school, named "Rodolfo Walsh", was bigger than "Ejército Argentino": it also had two floors and the building had nine classrooms, a laboratory, a computer-room, a theater, a library, a technology-room, a photography-room, a radio station and other important rooms.
The discipline was strict and the school had a high education system.
Sometimes the texts or books were very difficult and I always had a lot of homework to do, especially team-work.
In general, the students behaved well, once in a while there was some conflict, but it always had a fairly happy end.
In my fourth year, we received special training according to the school orientation.
During those two last years, we took some specific and interesting subjects like Radio, Communication, Sound, Design, Publicity, Culture and Communication Means, and Journalism, which I liked most.
I'm back!!
Yeah!!
I'm finally back from vacation!
I missed you so so much!!!!!!!!
I promise to tell you how these last 10 days at beach were!!
;) and share with you some pics that I took.
For now, I'm just saying hello!!
vacations come!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm goingaway for holidays.
I'm going away for the holidays.
I will spend ten “wonderful” days at the beach haha  Hope you miss me!
See youwhen I comeback!!!
Happy New Year!!!
Hello!
I’ve been missing you!!!
Finally I got my pc back.
I had a lot of problems with it, so I took it to the technician, but even he got crazy.
The system had serious failures and he couldn’t discover the reasons.
After that, we didn’t contact for more than a week.
Obviously I begun to get worried, I thought to call him but I didn’t want to disturb… then, one day, he called to tell me the progress: he had changed the disk and another part (a platelet I think, I don’t know hoy to say it in English, it’s something connected with internet configuration). Modem? Ethernet card?
Even so, the computer had failed and he was still searching for the problem.
Yesterday, 10 days later, he FINALLY brought it back!!!
Now he changed the motherboard… I just hope it works this time!
Thinking about what I said in my last publication, I really couldn’t connect almost since New Year, seems like I have a great sense of time!
Haha To tell the truth, at that time I thought the pc problem would be repaired in just a few days, that changing the disk would be enough.
Haha To tell you the truth, at that time I thought the pc problem would be repaired in just a few days, that changing the disk would be enough.
I didn’t imagine it would be that hard and take so much time.
Therefore, when I said “I probably won’t see the corrections until New Year” I was joking, talking for the sake of talking, never thought it could become real.
And here I am, with a repaired pc and a lot of wishes for you!
Happy New Year!!!!!!!!!
Hello!!
God bless Japan!!!!!
I am praying for you Japan!!!!
I'm very worried...
How are my Japanese friends??
I really hope you're alright!
Let me know please!!
Today
Hi everybody!
This time I tried to translate a text that I like so much, which I read when I was a  child.
This time I tried to translate a text that I really like, which I read when I was a child.
This is the result, I hope you like it
"A day doesn’t exist more beautiful than today"
Other correction is good, can also say:"No day exists more beautiful than today"
The sum of a lot of yesterdays represent my past.
My past is full of both happy and sad memories…
Some of them are photographed and now they’re just miniatures where I see my young self, where my parents are recently married, where my city seems different.
Yesterday could have been a beautiful day…
But I can’t go on constantly looking back.
I run the risk of not seeing the faces of the ones besides me.
Maybe tomorrow will dawn even more beautiful…
But I can’t go on looking only towards the horizon.
I run the risk of not seeing the scenery around me.
That’s why I prefer today.
I like to step forward steadily, enjoy the sun or tremble with the cold, feeling as if every moment tells me: Be present!
I know it's very brief, that it will pass soon, and that I won't be able to change it or have a practice run.
Neither can I plan much for tomorrow: it’s a place that doesn’t exist yet.
Yesterday, I was.
Tomorrow, I will be.
Today, I am.
That’s why today I'm telling you that I love you… today I'm listening to you… today I’m sorry for my mistakes… today I'm here to help you… today I'm sharing with you all I have… today I'm saying goobye to you without leaving anything unsaid
Because today I breathe, sweat, see, think, hear, suffer, smell, cry, work, touch, laugh, love…
Today.
Today I’m alive.
As are you.
--------------------------------
And this is the original: 
"No existe un día más hermoso que el día de hoy"
La suma de muchísimos ayeres forma mi pasado.
Mi pasado se compone de recuerdos alegres… tristes…
Algunos están fotografiados y ahora son cartulinas donde me veo pequeño, donde mis padres siguen siendo recién casados, donde mi ciudad parece otra.
El día de ayer pudo haber sido un hermoso día…
Pero no puedo avanzar mirando constantemente hacia atrás.
Corro el riesgo de no ver los rostros de los que marchan a mi lado.
Acaso el día de mañana amanezca aún más hermoso…
Pero no puedo avanzar mirando sólo el horizonte.
Corro el riesgo de no ver el paisaje que se abre a mi alrededor.
Por eso, prefiero el día de hoy.
Me gusta pisarlo con fuerza, gozar su sol o estremecerme con su frío, sentir cómo cada instante me dice: ¡Presente!
Sé que es muy breve, que pronto pasará, que no voy a poder modificarlo luego ni pasarlo en limpio… 
Como tampoco puedo planificar demasiado el día de mañana: es un lugar que todavía no existe.
Ayer, fui.
Mañana, seré.
Hoy, soy.
Por eso, hoy te digo que te quiero… hoy te escucho… hoy te pido disculpas por mis errores…hoy te ayudo… hoy comparto lo que tengo… hoy me separo de ti sin guardarme ninguna palabra para mañana…
Porque hoy respiro, transpiro, veo, pienso, oigo, sufro, huelo, lloro, trabajo, toco, río, amo…
Hoy.
Hoy estoy vivo.
Como tú.
A good friendship
Yesterday I met with my best friend, who came back from the beach.
Yesterday I met with my best friend, who had just gotten back from the beach.
I went to her home and we spent all the afternoon together, talking like women do, haha
I went to her home and we spent all afternoon together, talking, just like women used to do. Haha.
Time passed very quickly, and soon it was 9pm.
we wanted to go out, but it was raining a lot.
We wanted to go out, but it was raining a lot.
It had been raining all day long.
Personally I thought it would stop at night, but that wasn’t the case :S A big storm started at night and we couldn’t go out, our plans were destroyed by the weather… 
Personally, I thought it would have stopped by nightfall but that wasn't the case. :S There was also a big storm last night, and since we couldn’t go out our plans were completely destroyed by the weather… 
In general, I like storms and rain, but yesterday, just for a moment, I really hated it.
Oh well, things like that happen sometimes. I suppose we can’t do anything to change it.
So, instead of going out, I had dinner at her house, with her family.
So, instead going out, I had dinner at her house, with her family.
We know each other since we were 9 years old, so they’re like my second family: to her mother I’m like a third daughter, even her brother calls me sister.
We've known each other since we were 9 years old, so they’re like my second family. To her mother I’m like a third daughter, and her brother even calls me his sister.
I don’t have any sisters or brothers, so I love being part of that family.
I'm an only child, so I love being part of their family.
I really love them.
I used to call them “my heart family” coz we don’t have “blood connection”, just a sentimental one.
I used to call them “my heart family” because we don’t have a “blood connection," only a sentimental one.
A lot of times we talked about our friendship, wishing it would never be broken!
A lot of times we talk about our friendship, wishing it never breaks!
, Oftentimes we talk about our friendship. We both hope that our bond is never broken!
Last years, our lives changed a lot, each one began our personal studies and jobs, so we drifted apart.
In recent years, our lives have changed a lot, each of us began her personally studies and job, so we have drifted apart.
Last year, our lives changed a lot. We both began our personalstudies and jobs, so we almost drifted apart.
Then I thought our relation would be in risk, we both were afraid to lose contact, but in the end, we resolved it.
So I thought our relationship would be at risk, and we both were afraid we might lose contact totally, but in the end, we resolved it.
I thought our relation would be in jeopardy , and we both were afraid to totally lose contact. Thank goodness we resolved it.
I must say the new means of communications (internet, cellphone) help us a lot!
I must say, being able to stay in touch with each other using the internet and our cellphones helps a lot!
But to meet us face to face is just invaluable, no media can produce that effect.
But, for us to meet face to face is invaluable. No electronics can replace the real thing.
Now, we are both planning to begin a Japanese course.
Now, we both are planning to begin a Japanese course.
Now, we both are planning to begin a Japanese course.
She loves Japanese as much as I do, and we wish to visit Japan someday… 
She loves Japanese as much as I love it, and we wish to visit Japan someday… 
I'm back... just for a while
It has been a long time since my last post.
I’ve been very busy for these last few months. This has mostly been because of my studies.
University is so different from school!
There’s so much to read that sometimes I didn’t even go home for more than a week.
Stayingentirely indoors for seven days is exhausting and depressing.
I love my career, but some subjects displease me… even so, I must study them and that’s my problem: it’s really bothersome to learn something you don’t like, don’t you think so?
At least for me this is terrible!
The holidays have finally come!
I improved three subjects: Communication I, Expression and Anthropology.
They didn’t give me my grade in Economics yet; last Friday I took the final exam, so tomorrow I will receive my results.
I’m a little worried; however I think I did well… I hope so!!!!
I really don’t want to take an Economics exam ever again!
Now that I have more free time, I want to write more posts here.
I’m thinking to write or translate stories.
Last time I translated a text which I love and it wasn’t difficult.
Then I tried the same with a story I wrote by myself, and it wasn’t the same… it became very complicated to convert some Spanish expressions to English- to find the words in a different language.
Maybe it’s because I still don’t know the common English expressions… for example, I couldn't understand the meaning of “feeling blue” just days ago, until then I was wondering what it was , taking it literally was really strange.
On the other side, Lang8 is helping me a lot, I mean people here are helping me to improve my English, and I’m grateful to them… to you!!!!
Unfortunately I’m having serious problems with my PC, I’m getting tired of this… I’m thinking of buy one new and throw it away!!
Far away!!
Yeah!
It’s making me furious!!!
I can’t connect to internet, or listen music…just write. Well at least I can stillwrite!
haha then I probably won’t see the corrections until New Year.
So, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!!
:D
Good news!!!!!
Like I said in the last publication, last Friday I had an english test.
As my professor hadn't sent me any notice, yesterday I sent her an e-mail asking about the exam's results.
A few minutes ago, I checked my mail, and when I saw her name I got nervous again.
I clicked the link and read the answer: "You did it very well!!!!!
You had 8.50 in the written and 9 in the oral!!!!!!" 
At first, I couldn't believe this, but now that I realize, I'm veeeeery happy!!!!!!!!!
So, after thanking her, I hurried up to write this and tell you the good news.
"paying a debt"
There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda” which when translated means (literally) “Every promise is a debt”.
There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda,” which translated (literally) means “Every promise is a debt”.
There’s a saying in my language: “Lo prometido es deuda” which when translated literally means “Every promise is a debt”.
In other words, you must fulfill every promise that you make.
So, here I am, paying my debt and sharing some pics of my vacation with you!
So, here I am, paying my debt and sharing some pics of my vacation with you!
Someone asked me sometime if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practiced surfing).
Someone asked me once if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practice surf).
Someone once asked me if there were surfers in my country (I mean, if there were people who practice surfing).
At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely, but now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea had risen, and the beach totally disappeared.
At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely, but now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea had risen, and the beach had totally disappeared.
At that time, I couldn’t answer him sincerely. Now I have news: when I was on vacation, there was a day when the sea rose and the beach completely disappeared.
It was an incredible spectacle!
My friend and I walked around the footbridge over the beach and took some photos.
And then, we saw it: there, in the middle of the sea, so faraway, there were two surfers!!!
We stood watching them and we noticed there weren’t two, but three, four, five, almost six surfers!!!!!
We stood...watching them. That's when we noticed something: there wasn't just two, nor three, not even four, but five surfers!!!!!
If you look at the first photo, you’ll be able to see two of them (the first two that we saw).
If you look at the first photo, you’ll be able to see two of them (the first two that we saw).
Sorry about the quality and size, it was the closest we could get to them.
The second one is a normal day at beach, and the third is when the sea had risen. (this is for you to understand and see the difference between the sea in it's normal state and when it rises).
The second one is a common day at the beach, and the third is when the tide was in (this is to help you understand and see the difference between a sea at low tide and at high tide).
The second one is a common day at beach, and the third was from when the sea was rose (this is for you to better understand and see the difference between a sea in normal state and when it’s risen).
[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos, but then I noticed that they weren’t what I had imagined… so I’m a little disappointed right now.
[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos, but then I noticed that they weren’t so much as I’ve imagined… so I’m a little disappointed right now.
[As you can see, my friend finally gave me the photos. They did not turn out as well as I had hoped or They weren't quite what I had imagined… so I’m a little disappointed right now.
Anyway, I think I can write about others things and post other pics that I like.
Hope you like them!!] 
...about the North Pole
Hi!!
Wooo two posts in the same week… seems like I’m doing my homework. Haha!
This time the writing is about a traumatic expedition to the North Pole… Enjoy it!
[This isn't real, ok?
It’s just a fictional story which I wrote for my English class]
"An incredible and sad story"
Hello!
My name is John Steward and I’m a marine biologist.
I’m also professor at the Millersville University of Pennsylvania.
In spite of the benefits and satisfactions that teaching offers me, I still think that this isn’t the best job for me.
Years ago, I used to be an investigator, but after suffering a traumatic experience, I had to resign.
It happened in 1977, when I was 27 years old.
At that time, I had already graduated and I was member of some investigations.
Then, one rainy morning, I got a phone call.
My superior and some classmates were forming a team in preparation for an expedition to the North Pole. They needed a computer genius, so they decided to invite me.
I though it would be an amazing experience, so I accepted it immediately.
We left one week later, on March 5th.
As the North Pole is an inaccessible area, it took us almost two days to arrive there.
First we had to travel 3 hours by bus to the airport, and then we had to take a plane to the Borneo floating base.
There we boarded a plane called Antonov 74, which is the only airfreight able to fly across places with bad conditions weather.
When we finally arrived, it was really cold, almost -20ºC.
In spite of being day all time (it was always day because it was summer; while in winter is always night, there’s no day light), the temperature didn’t change, it was very cold and I suffered from it a lot because I wasn’t used to it.
We spent two months there; we created good memories and we collected a lot of information for our research.
But, we also witnessed a saddening sight.
It happened in the third week, when my team and I were looking for fish species.
I heard a loud crying behind us, so I turned back and I saw him: a lonely baby seal was following us.
I was shocked.
It was a defenseless and cute animal, just asking us for help.
We didn’t know what to do.
Still frightened, I proposed to take him with us to some zoological garden in the city, but my classmates objected.
After some discussions, we decided to look for some seal’s herd where we could leave him.
Four days had passed and we hadn’t found any other seal yet.
Meanwhile, the seal was staying in our shack.
Day by day, we all became very fond of him; the idea of leaving him was becoming a difficult work.
So, when we finally found a herd, it was hard to say goodbye.
When we came back, everything was different.
That baby seal had deeply touched my heart and feelings; I will never forget him.
In spite of being the most shocking experience I’ve ever had, I think I couldn’t go through anything like this again.
That’s why I decided to become a teacher, even if it’s hard.
Friend's Day
Hi everybody!
These past few days I was a little busy studying and doing other things, so I really didn't have time to write this.
But now, taking a break, I decided to express something, just a few words to practice.
Thinking about the things I did today, I want to tell you the most important one: Today we have a celebration; in my country, 20st July is the Friend's Day (Día del Amigo).
On this day, most people (especially students or young people) meet together with their friends, have dinner or a picnic in a park.
I wanted to celebrate it with my friends, but we couldn't reach an agreement, so we decided to postpone the "party" to next wednesday.
If the weather is ok, we're going to go to the park; if it's not ok, we're going to spend the afternoon at one of my friends' house, watching movies, talking, eating and doing many fun things.
Personally, I prefer spending time outside, so I hope the weather is good.
(Note: I had doubts, especially about the last sentence: Should I put "I hope the weather will be find" or use "going to"?
Thak you so much for the help!!!!!)
So nervous!!!
Last Friday I had an english test.
It had two parts: an oral and a written test (I don't know how to say it, this part is like a common test, handwritting).
I'm sure I passed the oral, but in the other test, I had to write a composition (no more than 180 words) which was the 40% of the total (I wanted to write cost, but I'm not sure if it's alright, so what I put was...
it's this ok?) and it was a little difficult to me.
Even so, in general, I think I did it well.
But I really don't know, because the professor still hasn't given me the result, and I'm very nervous right now!!!!!!!
and everyday that pass, I got more nervous.
I hope she will mail it to me tomorrow, but if she doesn't,  I think I will become crazy!
Hi Hi!!!
Hello again!
Last time I said I would like to make more publications in lang, but in the end I was so busy that I couldn’t do it :S
I’m searching for some texts to translate and publish here.
I can’t find an easy one, all the texts are really complicated to translate because they have very common Spanish expressions and I don’t know their equivalent in English.
I can’t find an easy one, all the texts are too complicated to translate because have very common Spanish expressions and I don’t know their equivalents in English.
Changing the topic, it’s been really hot in my country these last days, I can't take it anymore… I hate heat!!!!!
Changing the topic, it’s been really hot in my country these last few days, I can't take it anymore… I hate the heat!!!!!
I wish winter would come soon!!!
I’d like to go to the sea and spend some days there.
Ahh the sea is so refreshing!!
I miss it!!
Besides my best friend isn’t here, she’s on vacations (at the beach yeah!
Besides my best friend isn’t here, she’s on vacation at the beach yeah!
I envy her jaja) so I’m getting bored of the city.
I envy her haha and I’m getting boring of the city.
I’ll try to publish more often.
See you!!!!
PS: did anyone notice my last publication?
It hasn’t any corrections… Was it good?
Or just nobody corrected it?
I’m a little worried about that, if you can, please take a look at it and tell me if it’s fine or not.
Friday afternoon
Hello everybody!!
Today was my last free day.
Next week I still will be on holiday, but I'm going to start studying for my final exam on Monday the 10th, so I won't really have time to lose doing other stuff.
To remember and, in a way, to enjoy this day, I planned to go shopping and meet with friends, but everything was ruined: when I woke up, I realised that it was raining and it also was very cold and windy.
I got depressed, I stayed in bed until midday and talked to my friends to cancel the plans.
After lunch, I decided to watch TV, so I sat on the sofa and started to do "zapping" looking for some movie or series.
I found a very dramatic film that made me sadder.
I changed the channel, and suddenly I had the idea of making a cake.
Then, I looked for the family recipe book and I chose to make a "pastafrola" (a cake filled with jam).
I collected all the necessary ingredients and started baking.
An hour later, the cake was already made, ready to eat.
Even so, I'm going to keep it for tomorrow afternoon, to eat it with the whole family (but first I'm going to try it and only take it if it's tasty).
I hope my family will like it and approve of my cooking!
See you!
English class
Hi everybody!
How are you?
It’s been a long since my last publication… I’ve been really busy – I’m still busy haha – but last week I had to write a text for my English class and now I wanna show you the result, then you can correct my mistakes.
(Please correct me!!!
"Hey, do you want a vacuum cleaner?"
Being a door to door salesman isn’t pleasant at all.
I’ve been doing this for almost two months.
When I applied for this job, I was new in the business, so my superior hired me for a trial period, during which I had to walk around the city and get some clients.
But selling vacuum cleaners is not easy, and the worst was that I had to sell at least 2000 vacuum cleaners for the week.
But selling vacuum cleaners is not easy, and the worst part was that I had to sell at least 2000 vacuum cleaners for the week.
As I thought at the beginning: it was going to be really troublesome.
At that time my chief had to travel abroad for a business meeting, so he just gave me the catalogues and ordered me to begin with the work.
I had no idea what to do, far from it. I had no clue how to get clients.
Then I thought about who could be a client… what kind of person or company would buy vacuum cleaners?
After searching some information on the web, I wrote a list of 50 places where I could go to sell the product.
The vacuum cleaners were a new imported product, therefore they weren’t known in the country.
I wanted to benefit from that and, in view of that, I tried to explain the main characteristics of the product.
Besides they weren’t really expensive and, depending on the price or size of the vacuum, there were some promotions that made them more sellable.
The first week I went to 12 important companies which sold electrical appliances.
They all were located in the city centre, so I had to travel a lot by bus and subway.
They were huge buildings of more than 10 floors of offices.
At the entrance there were always two or three receptionists who sent me to commercial areas, where I could talk with some employees and get their contacts.
I was really nervous and eager, but at the end of the month I could sell almost a hundred vacuum cleaners.
I was really happy, but my superior didn’t feel the same.
He reprimanded me a lot.
But he gave me another chance.
So, here I am, still trying to sell these horrible vacuum cleaners, which (to tell the truth) don’t even work.
(sorry for this, It isn't my best essay - I really didn't know what to write about :S)  
Trekking: as healthy as it is dangerous
Hi!!
Once again, I had to write an article for my English class.
It is about “How to be safe if you go walking in the countryside or the mountains”.
It was about “How to be safe when you go walking in the country or the mountains”. - "how to be safe" could also be "how to take care"
I’m posting it here hoping that you could correct my mistakes. - that's ok but "...here in the hope that..." sounds slightly better
Thanks for everything!!
-- Trekking: as healthy as it is dangerous --
Oops, I didn’t know that…
How to prevent and face some of the common risks of doing trekking - face is okay but "respond to" is also ok. "while trekking" might be good as well
If you love being outdoors, going for a walk through forests or the mountains or just walking for a long time, then trekking is ideal for you.
It is good for health because it involves both physical and mental work.
It's good for your health because it involves both physical and mental work. - "work" is an okay word but "exercise" might be better because "work" is a bit more of a negative word
However, trekking isn’t a relaxing activity; it has its risks.
If you’re thinking of doing it, you must take care of several things… for example; do you know what to do if you encounter a bad-tempered dog? - more natural
Or if a storm starts?
Or if you get injured?
Obviously you can’t always prevent these kinds of things from happening, but at least you can learn how to get through them.
So, here you have some tips that may be useful for you:
So, here is some advice and some tips that may be useful for you:
[A bad-tempered dog]
If a dog comes barking and growling at you, don't run away: the animal may run after you. - "grunt" is an unusual word. It's more like a noise a human makes when he's annoyed or been hit.
Don’t use your arms to defend yourself; the dog could see it as an act of aggression.
Just try to move away slowly to avoid a possible attack. - or maybe "to avoid angering it"
Anyway, if the animal attacks you, just try to give it something to bite, like a branch, a hat or a bottle of water; anything but your body.
Anyway, if the animal attacks you, just try to give him something to bite, like a branch, a hat or a bottle of water; anything except your body.
[Blisters]
If you get a blister on your foot, stop walking and find the cause of it.
If it’s caused by some fold of the sock or loose shoe, try to correct it.
If it’s being caused by the sock or because your shoe is loose, try to fix it.
If the pain continues, take off the other sock or use a handkerchief as additional protection.
If the pain continues, take off the other sock or use a handkerchief for additional protection. - maybe instead of "slight pain" you could use "irritation"
This way, you’ll be able to go on. - or "able to continue with your journey"
But when you have finished the exercise, clean the affected area and put some cream and a bandage on it.
It is very important to use good footwear to avoid this problem.
[An electric storm]
If you get stuck in a storm, the best you can do is to look for an open space and bend down as near to the ground as possible.
Stay away from trees and metal materials which conduct electricity.
If suddenly your hair stands on end and you taste like copper, it means a thunderbolt is going to strike near.
If, suddenly, your hair stands on end and you taste copper, it means a lightning is going to strike any second.
In that case, you should put your feet and legs together and cover your ears with your hands.
Try to stay down, squatting on your toetips.
Try to stay down, squatting on the tips of your toes.
You must never lie down on the floor, because you might get an electric shock if a thunderbolt hits around.
You must never lie down on the floor, because you might get an electric shock if lightning strikes near you.
[A stabbing pain on the abdomen]
[A stabbing pain in the abdomen]
If this happens to you, slow down the walking or stop it completely and put your arms up.
If this happens to you, walk slower or stop completely and put your arm up in the air.
With your arms extended, stretch your body to the opposite side of the pain.
With your arm extended, stretch your body, opposite to the area of pain. - tricky sentence
To prevent this pain, you should keep a diet based on easily digestible foods like bread or bananas, and sports drinks, especially before the walking.
To prevent this pain, you should try to maintain a diet of easily digestible foods like bread or bananas and consume sports drinks, especially before walking.
And it’s essential to keep yourself hydrated during the whole exercise.
[Sunburn]
Spending much time under the sun could be a health hazard for you if you don’t take care.
Spending too much time under the sun can be a health hazard if you don’t take the necessary precautions.
One thing you can do is to wear a hat to reduce the risk of getting sunburned or suffering from heat exhaustion.
You should also put some sun block on your face and every part of your body exposed to the sunlight.
You should also put some sunblock or sun tan lotion on your face and every part of your body exposed to the sunlight.
[A twisted ankle]
Try to walk slowly and then increase the speed to check the importance of the injury.
Try to walk slowly and then increase your walking speed to check the extent of the injury.
If you can walk quickly without feeling any pain, just go back home.
If you can walk quickly without feeling any pain, just come back home.
If your ankle is swollen, roll down your sock to check if there are any bones out of place.
However keep your sock and shoe on, because the pressure helps avoid swelling.
Once you arrive home, put some ice on your ankle and keep it raised.
Once you arrive home, put some ice on your ankle and keep it in a raised position.
If the pain continues, call a doctor.
Making a list of the things to carry on with you could save you from being in trouble.
Making a list of the things to carry with you could save you from being in trouble.
Insect repellent, a first-aid box, a map, a compass, a knife, a flashlight, some food rich in carbohydrates, water, an extra pair of socks, a raincoat or windbreaker, a hat and gloves are some of the items you must take note of.
Insect repellent, a first-aid box, a map, a compass, a knife, a flashlight, some food rich in carbohydrates, water, an extra pair of socks, a raincoat or windbreaker, a hat and some gloves are some of the items you must take note of. - first aid kit is also quite a common word
And always remember to try to mark places where you might get lost. - might is a bit more natural
Finally, what's left is to enjoy an entertaining experience, breathing fresh air and watching the beauties of our mother nature.
Finally, after taking all these things into consideration, make sure to have a good time , breathing the fresh air and enjoying mother nature's beauty.
Jajangmyeon
You wake up right after having been drinking the whole night, trying to recall the eyes of those girls who were talking to you for the longest time, but you could only be able to remember her very smile, remaining on your head for several seconds just to be replaced by the picture of a women’s  slight movement that you finally got to mistake with a dream to be forgotten.
And that’s all because you were able to get softly poisoned by ethanol just as you wanted.
However, before that happened, as always, you could do blanace between the adventages and dissadventages of getting drunk – Although actually you never think about anything when you are drinking, you just let if low as vodka flows in your throat while you're thinking they poured too much orange and too little of the other  - And you get to think that only the positive things will last in your memory.
At least now you have the number of a girl that certainly will spend some time playing with you as much as you play with her,  and now you can wonder what that means.
So you go home, and you look at some shining streetlights to realize that they look like they were alive and wanted to run away from you in fear, and you let yourself be seduced by the jajjangmyeon aroma on they way, so you can’t avoid trying it and you end up thinking how good is eating and how bad are women.
But for sure, by the next day, the only thing you can recall is that woman’s smile.
help me with this!!
CHILD’S HAIRCUT.- there is a custom from Chiñama.
It is about the first haircut of the child and it is called “ LANDA”.
In this event, the mother has to look for the child’s godparents.
There are many guests such as the child’s family, neighbours and friends.
The godparents are the first people who cut the child’s hair and then they give some money to the child.
Later the guests will cut the child’s hair and leave some money too.
The godparents must count all the money and give it to the child’s mother.
At the end of this great event, the mother invites to the godparents a typicall meal called “ Hornado”.
It is a meal with meat and each cow’s leg is for the godparents and after eating.
The dance 
Hi
Hi I'm Rosie and I'm a beginner in Lang-8
But I need to improve my English
I don't know how work this, but I'm delighted anyway!
I have been living in Alicante for the last 10 years but I was born in Uruguay.
I hope I don't make too many mistakes!
Zombies (Chapter 1)
Finally I had reached the safe house.
Twenty more steps, the groaning echoes of the undead still ringing in my ears as I remembered everything that had happened in the last 24 hours.
Ten more steps, the undead were closing in but I just clenched on to the only thing giving me the strength to continue.
My feet felt weak, five more steps, every breath came in shallow and painful, my body groaned in protest, exhaustion was making my vision blurry but I just had to reach that door, that one door that lead to safety and back to my team.
I heard glass breaking as windows were shattered.
I looked up just in time to see my friends taking positions on the windows of the fourth story house we were using as shelter for the time being.
The first volley was shot and took the first row of zombies with them but there were still too many of them.
Finally, I reached the door, just as I was about to twist the door knob I felt someone tug at the collar of my shirt, the rooting smell of the undead filled my nostrils as the zombie’s head aligned to my neck and prepared to sink it’s mouth into my flesh, I was too tired to move, too weak to protest I closed my eyes and waited, welcoming death like a long lost friend.
The seconds ticked by, and I didn’t feel anything.
Am I dead?
I found myself asking, just as a warm hand grabbed my hand and helped me stand up.
“Get up, dummy!” that voice woke me up from my trance and I opened my eyes.
could you help me to correct my mistakes in english?
M Y    H E R O I N E
I have had the same heroine my whole life.
I have had a heroine all of my life.
I have had one heroine for my entire life.
She is a meek, sensible, and lovely woman. She has many beautiful qualities as a woman.
She is thin and short. She has red hair. She has brown eyes, and she is fifty-one years old.
She is thin and short, she has red hair and brown eyes and she is fifty-one years old.
She is a housekeeper and all her life she has been a hard worker. 
She is a housekeeper and she has been a hard-worker all her life.
She is very responsible, honest, and is very tidy in her own house too.
She is very responsible, honest, and is very tidy in her housework.
She has been my heroine my whole life because she has always been with me in all the moments that I have needed her, in both the good and bad moments.
She has given me advice and opinions about the situations or decisions in my life.
She has taught me many things. For example I remember that in my childhood, she helped me to do my homework every day and she took care of me because I was sick almost all the time.
She has taught me many things. For example I remember that in my childhood, she helped me do my homework every day and she took care of me because I was sick almost all of the time.
She is a great woman. She is my mother.
My first Journal.
Nice to meet you!!!
I am Bryan.
I have been registered since the last year.
I think I am lazy. I haven't write anything.
I don't know what to  write about in my journal. Maybe about something that has happen in my daily life?
Actually nothing comes to my mind.
Maybe later I write about my classes in the college.
I am studying Physiotherapy and I have had a few  funny moments.
XD
I am trying to learn Japanese too, but I don't feel like I can make a desent sentence in Japanese.
But, maybe I can make my first attemp with the help of a dictionary and lot of time.
I wish I could make a lot of friends that can help me improve on my English and my japanese.
Thank for yout time and most for all your help!!!
The Hard Way
Today was the Human's Anatomy Test...
It was really hard.
That make me feel bad...
I need high Score because the last one test was like a massacre, and this was worst....
The Test has a few of epics questions like: ( This is just a Example I create )
Mark with a X in the correct Answers.
The Liver, is false:
A) The liver lies to the right of the stomach.
B) Normally weighs between 2300 gr.
C) Between 28 and 15 cm
D) His color is pinkish-brown
E) It has 4 parts
F) All the answers
G) No one is correct.
When You see that mount of information and find what is false, you start to have douds about the others options.
>.>  How I will remenber the color of the organs!!!!
For my luck, The Laboratory of Anatomy is easy and I have all the points.
But The Theory's Class is more important and has more points...
I should talk to the teacher later and look for some way to make Extra Points.
Or some cars will BURN IN THE FLAMES FROM HELL!!!!
MIUJUJUJUJUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!
XD  
And this Thursday is the Exam of Physics.
I am ready for that Exam it will be easy...
I wait don't overestimate it.
In any case, is better if I hit the book a moment.
Hi there~
I'm writing from my Ipod, trying out the mobile version of lang-8 :p
Next week we have oral exams in our English classes, and I'm a little nervous, cause I don't trust myself whenever I have to talk in English.
I know it sounds weird, but when I'm talking I can't stop wondering if I pronounced this or that the wrong way, so I slowly stop talking =/ The worse thing is, for this oral exam we have to talk for about 5 minutes @.@ 
Wish me luck :p
Bye~   
Hello!
I'm back, for the second or third time xD.
For whoever reads this, how are you?
=P
I'm tired of going to the University from Monday to Friday, having to work on the weekends, and trying to study and read all the books I'm supposed to read...
At least I have my girlfriend's support. n.
n
Mmm...
I'm always having problems trying to decide what I should write about here. xD 
Well, it's a very cold and windy night here in Santiago, Chile.
I have read and heard that it would be raining all week starting from today. =/ 
At the moment, I'm reading "The Invisible Man", it's really a good book, and I'm enjoying it a lot. =P 
So...
that should do it for now.
Thanks for reading. ^^
Hi!
Good evening!
Once again, I don't know what to write about, so I'll write about one of my : videogames! favorite things
I really like videogames, especially RPG or RTS games.
One of my is "Golden Sun", for GameBoy Advance. favorite game
Right now I'm playing "Harvest Moon" for the Nintendo Wii, its like a "farm life simulator", I know it's weird, but I have a lot of fun growing crops, raising animals and talking with people.
I'm working right now (real life xD), and my shift (turno de trabajo/jornada) is over so I have to go.
Good bye!
A really short story.
Before it started, it had already finished.
Ok, that was a really bad joke xD
At least, I hope I didn't make any mistakes xD
I don't know what to write~
Hello again!
This is my second entry (journal?) :P and I don't know what to write about! -
Well...
My English classes are going fine. We are learning the Present Simple and Present Perfect Tenses.
I still have problems with the verb "to have" in the Present Perfect Tense, especially in questions.
In my last test, I had to write some questions, and one of them was really...
bad 
"Why Mr Brown sometimes has to enter his house very quietly?"
I forgot the "does", and the "has", was supposed to be a "have".
The teacher even said that "sometimes" was in a wrong place...
The funny thing, is that practically the whole test was about this!
The funny thing is that practically the whole test was about this!
And I forgot everything when I wrote that question!
I also forgot all of this when I wrote that question!
I forgot everything when I wrote that question!
Is success based on hard work or luck?
 Everybody wants to be successful in life but not all achieve their goals.
Some people think that success is related to luck and others with hard work.
I agree that success goes together with hard work and it does not simply come from one day to the other.
Success is a result of doing the right things consistently.
 First at all, many people agree that hard work come with perseverance.
Success is built little by little and step by step.
For instance, Bill Gates did not create software in one day, with patience; he found correct parts and the correct place to put it together.
Likewise, it is important to have faith in ourselves so that things may come how we expect.
For example, in 2004, Maria Sharapova, a tennis player, became number one in tennis.
Every effort has advantages.
 Secondly, other people agree that success from hard work comes with education.
For instance, since I was a child, my parents have told me to study hard in order to have success, and now I observe the result of all my studies, I work in a good school and I have a steady income.
When you apply for a certain job, you have to have certain knowledge in that field in order to be hired.
For example, to be a manager in an important company, you have to know how to manage people and problems.
Also, people who are admitted to university have to apply and take exams like the Gabriel Rene Moreno University with its PSA exam.
 Thirdly, success in one area is based on the experience that we gain from it, so the more you work, the more experience you get.
One of the best examples is Tito Curamoto, who year by year gets more experience when he creates floats.
Moreover, making mistakes is part of success.
We have to learn of our mistakes in order to learn from them and be successful in life.
 To sum up, hard work is important when you want to success in life.
The perseverance, education and experience that you get will make you success.
We know that life is too short to wait for luck to take us where we want to be.
Damages to the Earth
There are many good things that the Earth provides for us, but there are also many problems we can observe about it.
The world could be better only if we as humans do not damage it.
Nobody is excluded in this responsibility.
Year by year humans have been damaging the world in many ways.
Firstly, increase in air pollution has been caused by human activities.
A source about pollution effects by ScienceDaily (Aug.
14, 2007) shows that humanity has effects on the Earth.
For instance, air pollution from smoke and various chemicals kills 3 million people every year.
Moreover, there are many factories that throw their toxic chemicals into the environment.
In the United States alone about 3 million tons of toxic chemicals are released into the environment, contributing to cancer, birth defects, immune system defects and many other serious health problems.
Also, the major single source of air pollution is the combustion (burning) of fossil fuels (coal, oil, and gas).
This pollution is caused by cars, trucks, railroad trains, airplanes, and other forms of transportation.
For all these reasons, the air pollution has not only affected the earth but also humanity.
Secondly, the damage that people cause to rivers and oceans is really serious.
Many aquatic creatures suffer the consequences of human pollution .
For instance, in the Pilcomayo River we can observe that the number of fish decreased because of the increase in fishing.
Moreover, toxic waste is the most harmful form of pollution to sea life and humans.
For instance, when toxic waste harms an organism, it can quickly be passed along the food chain and may eventually end up being our seafood.
Likewise, boating pollution is very harmful to the sea life.
To illustrate, the boat’s engine gives off excess gasoline when it is running, which pollutes the water and ends up killing the animals.
In conclusion, water pollution is affecting not only the marine life on Earth but also our own lives.
Thirdly, the lack of care of nature brings terrible consequences.
Deforestation is a contributor to global warming, and it is often mentioned as one of the major causes of the enhanced greenhouse effect.
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, tropical deforestation is responsible for approximately 20% of world greenhouse gas emissions.
The indiscriminate burning also affects global warming.
The indiscriminate burning in the world causes not only breathing problems, especially to elder people and children, but also to the destruction of many kinds of trees and animals.
Moreover, the overpopulation has meant that many trees have been cut down in order to build houses and road.
For example, the Bolivian president Evo Morales and the Brazilian president Lula da Silva agreed to build a new highway through the TIPNIS between Villa Tunari and San Ignacio de Moxos, which will cause the destruction of the 64% of the TIPNIS in around 18 years.
To conclude, the problems caused to nature have harmed our planet.
To sum up, the damage that people are causing, in the form of air pollution, water pollution, and damage to nature, is really serious.
I think that it is time to think of those damages that humankind has caused to the environment which will affect future generations.
If we continue causing damage to the environment, our future generation will not enjoy the advantages that the Earth provides us with.
Essay 1
If I hadn´t endured the "trails" I have during the past years of my life, I definitely wouldn´t be the person I am today.
Because it is life and the way we live it that marks our actions, decisions, thoughts and the way we treat people.
I personally wouldn´t be this crazy for family person, if I hadn´t had to deal with being without my parents from 6 to 8 hours a day while they were working.
Being in a far country away from all my fun cousins to being in four walls in a apartment didn´t help either .
Also I believe that if my sisters hadn´t have had asma during all their childhood and a lot of attention from my parents, I wouldn´t be this not selfish person that I think I am.
Another thing is that since I´m the oldest of four daughters, I have had tons of responsibilities and have had to put effort in being a role modal.
So I´m pretty much responsible.
I believe every obstacle life has brought to me and the way I have responded.
Doesn´t matter if I failed or succeeded, it still taught me something.
exercise 
Today in the school the teacher took as to the jim, there was an instructor who teach some kinds of aerobics and some other exercises like in tv.
The teacher  is really trying to convince as to subscribe in there because is really cheap, it was kind of an introduction to it, so we see how good it is and continue with it...
but im really not the right person for that, it was so hard for me...
it was a little fun but I can't do this often , do weitghs, playing with the big baloon...
I'm not at shape at all but i'm to lazy to change it lol
Hello! ^^
Well I will introduce myself in here!
My name is Valeria,I'm 23 and I'm from many places XD
I'm kidding, I just heard that line on a movie and I wanted to say that hahah...
actually I was born in argentina and then moved to israel and now to the cold in canada.
I like internet, to watch anime,tv series and movies, listen to music, sometimes to read manga, drawing and to sleep, well I think that's all.
Now im trying to enjoy the short summer in here, these days were so hot!!
I was all red waiting for the bus, but even if it is so hot be try to enjoy it!
because when we think about the cold that is gonna come, we prefer this hahaha
today my day was the same as all the other days lol yesterday I went to the center with a friend...
one friend that couldn't come asked me to buy something for her and so I did
Sour candies
I went today to school as everyday...
all this week was so hot like in Israel but now after the rain it started to be cold!!
the weather is so crazy in here in the summer and before the winter is even more lol.
Today came to my class new students, so the class doesn't look so empty enymore...
we are sitting now like 6 in a square but in the other ones are less, it makes us talk a lot between us lol...
One of the girls brought sour candies, it was SO sour, every body started to make strange faces, but it kind of woke us up so it was kind of good hahaha
School again
This wednesday i started school again, in a new class...
this is the 4th class i move in, and again i have to get used to the new studens, but im lucky that some people of the previous class moved with me, so i sit with them and it's fun like that, because we need to work a lot in a group.
i saw some friends i didnt saw during the vacation and it was nice to see them again...
the most fun part of the day is sitting in the cafeteria chatting and eating lunch lol 
i need to get used again to getting up early, but it was easier than i thought it's gonna be, anyway still not so easy you know...
yesterday after school i went with my friend to buy some fabrics because she wanted to make some craft with it, the trip on the bus was so long, the other day she was trying to pass the driving exam,but some old lady that was angry didnt let her pass...
i was counting on her to pass lol hope next time, i know i should try also, but maybe later.
well i think that's all i did this week ^^
saturday ^^
Well I will try to write with capital letters in the beginning of a sentences, because I always forget about them , and the teachers always tell me they don't understand why I do that...
because in spanish we also use them, I also don't understand myself lol that  was also the reason why they put me in the lowest level in the school hahaha ooh and I also forget about the apostrophes :(.
Today I cleaned up a little my desk, but it's all messy again, because I started to make a drawing for my grandmother before she returns to her country...
she asked me long time ago to make her one and I didn't do anything, it's not easy for me to make a big draw if im not in the mood...
(that sounds so selfish lol) ,it doesn't look so good, but im trying my best ^^
(now sturday is over XD)
Today in the school they made us a tour, so we can get to know all the campus and the courses that they have ...
there were some things I didn't know about..
so it was good to know...
but still I don't know what I want to do after I finish these studies .
Also it was good because we didn't study for 1 hour or more lol 
I continued to make the panda that I began(?) yesterday, again I made some mistakes -.-  I was really hoping to finish it today, but I guess maybe it will be tomorrow lol
ooh and no homework today ^^
Always the same 
Yesterday Mexico's team played against England.
it is always the same we play as never and lose as always.
Mexico had a terrific first half with Vela the eternal benchwarmer who cashes in Arsenal.
no wonder he never lines up and when he enters the game it happens what already happened in the game versus england.
he had two chances heading straight forward alone against the goalkeeper.
you would expect somthing better from somene who is with arsenal's team one of the best teams in england.
giovanni was a good player, and franco too but Franco has a ankle made of crystal he gets injured  too easy.
what to expect in the  world cup same as always...
getting eliminated in the next knock out stage.
Mirage. 
Today Mexico played Gambia, I'm not sure exactly where Gambia is in Africa.
Today, Mexico played against Gambia. I'm not really sure where Gambia is in Africa.
They were a very weak opponent.
Mexico scored 5 goals and missed many more, the good thing was that "little bean" scored two goals ( this nickname makes laugh) and Mr Vela missed at least 3 chances, but that's nothing new.
Mexico scored 5 goals and missed many more.Good thing that "little bean" scored two goals, the nickname makes me laugh, and Mr. Vela missed at least three chances. That's nothing new.
Who will be the last player cut, Bobo, Venado or Castro?
And of course the final cut Bofo, Venado or Castro?
Changing
It is always said that to learn english in a proper way you have to read material that has some quality; but meaning comes from people and pronunciation also.
So it is sometimes  difficult to understand  when someone pronounce a instead of  i, or i instead of a, not to mention the stress.
Of course you know what word is they are saying because of the context and the stress is being used.
one somehow expect it but why does it change?
is there a reason?
or is it just a way of talking?
Mirwenna
I just finished reading this short story.
It is supposed to be an easy reading so we can reinforce our English.
It was about a chambermaid who met with a wizard that had the wishes of the land that  were handed over from person to person.
They were ordinary persons but once they recieved the power to grant wishes that whom recieved the  wishes would live  long time.
She only recieved 5 wishes, those were that had been left.
I did not like this story because one of the main characters died.
Perhaps i am too much influenced by the happy endings that almost always give hollywood movies.
Ihave watched some Korean and there is always some kind of tragedy at the end of the film but during the movie it can be very entertaining and fun.
So that when it reaches the end you don't feel so bad anyway just a thought.
Mexico
Well another game lost what to say?
Terrible first half, a regular second half nevertheless not enough for a draw.
Holland 2, Mexico 1, i hope the nationals get better because the world cup is approaching very fast.
HI 
Well, I just signed up.I hope that with this web site I will improve my English skills.
Well I just signed on. I hope that with this web site I will improve my English skills
I am new
Hi, I like this web site. I think it's because I love language to be written in the right way. In Spanish I always point out others' mistakes. I think that in some ways it's a bad habit, it's unpolite do that but I feel bad if I say nothing jaja it's hard to explain, but here it's normal, cool.
Hi, I like this web site, I think it's because I love language being written in the right way. In Spanish I always point out others mistakes, yes I think that in some perspective ways it's a bad habit - it's impolite do that but I feel bad if I say nothing. Jaja it's hard to explain, but here it's normal, cool.
Hi
Hi, I have problems when I write in English; my writing skills are really bad, and I am quite brief when I write... I don't know why but in Spanish it is the same haha, I think that is the problem.
well, I have been reading frankenstein a novel by mary shelley and it is really insteresting, I think it is one of the first books of science fiction in english and I love that topic, also I like the fact that the doctor bestows life to a body and then he neglects it, he says that it was a nightmare for him but you have to put yourself in the shoes of the monster. I think he received the worst part.
Well, I have been reading Frankenstein, a novel by Mary Shelley and it is really interesting; I think this is one of the first books of science fiction in English and I love that topic, also I like the fact that the doctor bestows live to a body and then neglect it. He says that it was a nightmare for him, but you have to put yourself in the shoes of the monster; I think he received the worst part.
I have not read too much but I want to see the part when he will meet again with his maker, and I would like to see the reaction of both.
I have not read too much into the story, but I want to see the part where he will meet again with his maker, and I want to see the reaction of both.
I will continue read the book despite that the english of that age is really old and I do not know most words, I have to look the dictionary every single minute, sometimes its quite frustrating, but that´s the way it is.
I will continue reading the book despite that the English of that age is really old and that I don't know most words. I have to look at the dictionary every single minute: sometimes it's quite frustrating, but that´s the way it is.
It's great to be back!!!!
Hello lang-8.
I'm finally back.
It has been a great year so far.
I had the chance to test my skills with native speakers and felt so good because everyone understood  my ideas and praised my pronunciation.
College is going great, my job too (but it's awfully hard to accomplish all the tasks I have every day).
On this journal, I'd like to make a couple comments...
1)I'm really happy that many people are using lang-8.
I must say a lot of people made great progress during the year.
2) Miss Universe aired last night.
Our candidate, Ada Aimee, was the 1st runner up.
It was nice to see that 3 of the 5 finalists were Latin women, aren't they just beautiful?
Miss USA was my second favorite girl of the night.
What do you think of this competition (I mean Miss Universe as a whole)? Do you think it promotes external beauty over real values?
Is it just a tradition?
Americans...
A long time ago when I started reading and writing, America was the name of the continent where my country was located.
Yes, I can remember one of those classes: "Our continent is divided in three regions....
North America, Central America and South America".
Innocent_Boy:
Well, as I live in Central America, which is part of America.....
I most be American, right?...
Wise_Mommy:
Mmmmm yes.......
but no.
"American" is the term used to refer to a US citizen.
Innocent_Boy:
But, why?
It is not fair, I'm American too (some tears falling)
Wise_Mommy:
Well, there are several theories.
The most popular one is that as they were always the bigger and most powerful of all countries on the continent, they simply took the name.
The most popular one is that as they were always the biggest and most powerful of all countries in the continent, they simply took the name.
Innocent_Boy.
That's a stupid theory...
Wise_Mommy:
Yes, you are right.
There's another one, also quite popular.
The US is a country forged by immigrants, most of them  from outside this continent.
Those people came to America, the only piece of land on the other side of the world, but they were really getting to the US, the land of opportunities. to the US, the land of opportunities.
So, time passed and the people living over there called themselves Americans.
Innocent_Boy:
Ok, you see, I like that one.
Wise_Mommy:
But this is the one I believe .
Their official name is the United States of America.
It's a terrible name!
What would you call someone from that place?
Unitedstadian?
Unitedian?
Those names just couldn't represent them well or just sounded stupid.
Most countries had a unique name (Colombia, Argentina, Japan, China, England, Australia, Germany) and it's very easy to make adjectives from them (Colombian, Japanese, Chinese, German).
So they took the  only part of the official name which was...
usable.
Innocent_Boy:
Ohh.
Wow.
I understand now...
poor unitedstedian people...
(I didn't right this because I hate the US or something like that, in fact I love that country and half of my family lives over there)
(I didn't write this because I hate the US or something like that, in fact I love that country and half of my family lives over there)
Any other ideas of why Americans are called that way?
hello everyone...
hellpme please in my english, i wish write and speak....
oh my god i am very very bad.....
Maybe...
This is my first journal.
I hope that it is correct.
Maybe you do not understand me because I do not speak fine English
but, I worked so much on this.
I study in the UTSJR and
I like the English class.
The teacher is very good at speaking English.
I want to go to England in the future.
For know  the Wembley Stadium.
I think is necessary.
I Cried at the Movies
Today I went to the movies with my son, he is Harry Potter fan (and me too :$)
Today I went to the movies with my son. He is a Harry Potter fan (and so am I :$)
Well, my city is not safe, so we went to the movies at noon, so that in the movies there wouldn't be only two people, my son and me.
We ate popcorn and soda, but i don't like popcorn :( (I'm not a fan).
We ate popcorn and drank soda, but I don't like popcorn :( (I'm not a fan).
The film was very interesting and fun, but I cried at several moments, because I love Harry: he was in danger, and during the film he reminded me of some things that make me cry.
Many tears ran down my face, but i enjoyed the film. Above all I enjoyed the company of my son, who wiped away my tears
Many tears ran down my face, but I enjoyed the film, but above all, I enjoyed the company of my son. He wiped away my tears.
Today Was a Great Day!
Today my son finished primary school. (Is it called elementary school in the USA?) The whole family is happy for him. He is a wonderful student. He won first place in the knowledge competition and his average was 9.8.
I'm very happy and proud.
Afterward we all ate a big moka cake, drank soda and the adults drank some beers.
Now I have a headache!
Injured playing basketball!
Last Monday, I played basketball with our company’s beautiful women’s team.
In the first game, I ran back because I was playing defense, then I felt a pull in my calf.
I had a lot of pain!
I was also hungry, very hungry!
I had scored some points, and although my colleagues helped me, I couldn't continue playing.
My team lost...
I am very sad...
Captain America
Yesterday I went to the movies with my son, and...
OOOh Myyyyy Gooood!
At first, a very thin boy appeared in the film, but after the treatment he turned into a handsome man, muscular and with beautiful eyes.
The film showed that the beauty of the soul is greater than the man's strength.
We enjoyed the fun events.
The theater was full of the audience's laughter.
But Chris Evans was the prize for me, I love this boy!
I had seen him in Fantastic Four, and now he is better than ever!
Well, if I have a chance, I will see the movie again.
I have many work!I have a lot of work.
Hi everybody, now I have many work, in the office, in my home, this is crazy!I have lots of work at the office and at home too. This is crazy!
Tomorrow I have to write many documents for my boss and have to prepare exams from my students.
And I have a course for bad pupils...
on my vacations period!!on my vacation.
But there are many work this is good, because there are money...But at least there is work, this is good because that means more money. 
Only I spect to have a few days for me and my son.I'm not really sure what you mean by this.
Back to work!
This week I returned to work; I had several days of hard work, but they were very productive.
Every morning, I wake up at five._I don't want to get out of bed, but I love my work, so I take courage and go to the shower.
After a breakfast of yogurt and fresh fruit, I have to watch what I eat.
Then I take public transport which is so slow, and there is a lot of traffic in the morning.
Today, the theme was tenses, and the activities were interesting. Everyone worked with enthusiasm; we watched a video, danced, and played with tenses.
Now I´m very tired, but happy about all the things that we were able to do.
My first time posting
Hi everybody!
This is my first time on this site- I'm excited!
This is my first time on this site, I'm excited!
I know, I know...
my English is like a baby's, but I want to learn.
my English is like that of a baby, but I want to learn.
Can you help me?
My injury is better now
I think that this injury will go away soon, but last Monday marked eight days of pain, and I couldn´t walk.
And yesterday a big bruise appeared, from my ankle to my calf.
It only hurts in my calf, but the bruise is very impressive!
The bad thing is that tomorrow I have to take an exam in the university, and I will have to walk up many steps.
But the job is what it is. 
I can't miss!
I have to study injuries in Sports Medicine
I want to learn Francais
Comment vous appelez-vous ?
I want to learn francais... Je veux apprendre le français...
¿alguien puede ayudarme? Quelqu’un peut m’aider ?
¿como empezaría? Comment puis-je commencer ?
Solo he visto escribir: Merci...
je´taime...
Queen
I've been listening Queen the whole afternoon.
I believe their music is awesome.
I also like to listen the Beatles, and Kiss.
I don't know I guess I like all kinds of music.
Spanish music is also very amusing.
I like Jose Jose and several other bands.
What kind of music do you like?
Strong Forms of Bilingual Ed.!!!!!!!!!!!
There are four strong forms of bilingual education that promote bilingualism and bi-literacy: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two Way/ Dual Language, and Mainstream Bilingual Education.
Immersion started in Canada and fosters the idea of majority language students learning through a second language.
Maintenance/ Heritage Language promotes the revival of the home language.
Dual Language provides instruction by mixing a relatively equal number of majority and minority language students, and Mainstream bilingual education gives instruction through two or more majority languages (Baker p.256).
However, although each of these forms of bilingual education support bilingualism and bi-literacy, several differences exist between each model.
In Dual Language programs, instruction is presented in both languages and the goal is to produce relatively balanced bilinguals.
The two languages share the same status, and the language balance among students is approximately 50%-50% (p.229).
On the contrary, students enrolled in Heritage Language programs use their native language as a medium of instruction with bilingualism as the expected outcome.
The majority of the students come from language minority homes, and the program is more concerned with the preservation of the minority language.
In addition, Immersion programs use the second language as the principal medium of instruction, but diverge from Dual Language schools in the student’s language background.
This is due to the fact that students enrolled in Immersion programs are often majority language speakers, contrary to the equal numbers of majority and minority students in Dual Language classrooms. 
Moreover, Mainstream bilingual schools differ from the other models because they involve the use of two or more languages as medium of instruction (two majority languages, pluralism).
Generally, these schools contain majority language children, with variations in the language heterogeneity and homogeneity of the classes (p.250).
Nonetheless, several similarities can also be found between these forms of bilingual education.
For instance, Mainstream bilingual and Immersion are generally composed of majority language students.
In addition, all strong forms of bilingual education share similar societal and educational objectives.
What is more, the four forms of bilingual education have bilingualism as an aim in language outcome, and all of them except for Mainstream bilingual educations have literacy as an objective in language outcome.
Published Materials for Literacy Instruction
Commercially prepared materials are important tools for literacy instruction.
They are widely used by school districts and provide teachers with useful examples and guidelines.
The use of these materials can help teachers to bring their lessons to life.
However, several aspects need to be taken into consideration when using these instructional tools.
 When selecting commercially prepared materials, teachers must make sure the material matches the latest strategies and appropriate instructional practices.
In addition, materials must relate to the objectives being taught and must match the criteria that is being used by the state.
What is more, commercially prepared materials must match the characteristics of the population for which they are intended to be used.
Children from urban areas may need materials different from culturally diverse students, or English language learners.
For that reason, published materials must be carefully examined by teachers before their purchase and before their use in class.
Published Literacy Materials
In addition, it is important for educators to understand that published materials should not dictate the lesson.
Instead, published materials should be used to enrich the lesson and improve student’s comprehension.
 Furthermore, commercially prepared materials should match the students’ age and grade level.
They must give students opportunity to explore and must address the use of students’ multiple intelligences.
Basal materials permanently have had grade designations.
However, although the material may appear appropriate for any grade level reality is that there will always be students that are above or below the level of the material.
Thus, teachers must learn to modify the use of the materials according to the students’ needs.
homework ......
In addition, Cummins explains that Common Underlying Proficiency can be summarized in six parts: (1) Both languages no matter if they are being used to write, read, or talk come from the same central engine.(2) The acquisition of two or more languages is possible because individuals have the abilities to store and function in more than one language.(3)Learning can occur through the use of one or two languages, eventually all knowledge gained will feed the same central processing system.(4) The language that a child uses in the classroom must be well developed in order to cope with the academic challenges of the classroom.(5) If children are made to work under insufficient second language circumstances detrimental consequences may occur.
This is because input will be difficult to understand.
So, the child won’t be able to generate appropriate output to succeed in an academic setting.
(6) A subtractive environment may affect cognitive functioning and academic performance.
Me, Myself and I
When I write in English I have to think a lot.
I have to think of the right word or phrase.
I have to distinguish between a polite or impolite term.
It's hard sometimes.
I like to use English I have a good understanding of.
I didn't study elementary or high school here in the U.
I didn't go to elementary or high school here in the US.
S.
It wasn't until college that I moved here and started learning English.
I was weird.
Learning like a child does to read and write. Suggestion: Learning to read and write like a child.
I have managed to graduate from college and keep a fair 3.4 GPA.
It has not been easy.
I know I will be fully proficient one day.
I just hope that day will come soon.
To be honest I don't like to study or memorize grammar rules.
I like to practice in order to become better.
That's why I like this website so much.
??
I don't understand what makes a young guy feel like his life has no worth.
Several of my old friends are like that.
They don't care if they die tomorrow, they do drugs and hang out with the wrong people. I mean, I guess we all had a rebelious stage, and perhaps a blunt or two won't hurt anyone, but there are limits...
I don't know,  it makes me sad to see my friends like that.
Things used to be different, but then this drug thing exploded on Mexico's border and now several guys sell and do drugs.
I hate it.
I hope things change, but I doubt it.
Foundations of  Bilingual ED
In the 20th century, the government was concerned about immigrants not speaking the English language.
Thus, it required immigrants to learn English in order to become U.
S citizens.
This legislation was called the Nationality Act or Naturalization act and it was passed in 1906.
Consequently, the Bureau of Education started adopting this point of view and recommended the use of English-only instruction in all elementary school settings.
In addition, WWI brought a negative view against the German language and language diversity acceptance declined.
At this point, a negative language environment started flourishing, and the interest in learning other languages dropped. or "...an environment that was becoming increasingly negative towards language learning started to flourish..." "...dropped in the US"
Reading Cont.
In addition, the use of context clues is a useful strategy to find word meanings.
Unknown words can be figured out by context.
Placing a blank over the word that children need to figure out, the teacher pushes the children to pay careful attention to the rest of the text until they can find enough information to come up with a possible word to fill in the blank.
Context clues can be placed before or after the unknown word.
Students must first read the clues and then brainstorm possible answers.
At the end, students may check if their guesses are correct.
Vocabulary books created by children are also a meaningful strategy to develop vocabulary.
In a vocabulary book, the new word is written in the center of the page.
A synonym of the studied word is written in the upper-right corner and its meaning is placed on the upper-left corner.
In the beginning, the student writes a sentence in the lower-left corner and an illustration using the studied word.
In the lower-right corner the student selects a classification for the word.
New words are added to the book throughout the year.
Learning about suffixes and prefixes can also help children to uncover word meanings.
By learning about syntax children can learn to build words.
For example, when a student learns that the word part anti means “against”, and also knows the meaning of the word “corrosive”.
They can form the word “anticorrosive”.
Furthermore, using the dictionary to look for the meanings of unknown words is a helpful tool to learn new vocabulary words.
Students need to learn that words have definitions and that those definitions could be found in a dictionary.
Proper instruction on how to use a dictionary, as well as age appropriate dictionaries, must be provided for young learners.
In conclusion, the use of semantic maps, context clues, vocabulary books, word parts, and the dictionary are helpful strategies that provide children with meaningful opportunities for expanding their vocabulary.
Reply to a Classmate
The four forms of bilingual education that promote bilingualism and bi-literacy are: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two Way/Dual Language and Mainstream bilingual education (Baker, P.
216).
Mainstreaming/Submersion and Mainstreaming/Submersion with Withdrawal classes have monolingualism as the expected language outcome.
On the other hand/ In contrast, Transitional bilingual education aims for relative monolingualism, while Immersion has bilingualism and bi-literacy as the expected language goals.
In addition, Mainstreaming/Submersion, Mainstreaming/Submersion with Withdrawal classes and Transitional bilingual education are classified as weak forms of bilingual education, and their main goal is assimilation of language minorities rather than the maintenance of their home languages and cultural pluralism
225).
On the contrary, Immersion is classified as a strong form of bilingual education because it encourages students to become bilingual, bi-literate, and bicultural (p.
256).
For that reason, only one of the four forms that you mentioned promotes bilingualism and bi-literacy (Immersion), while the rest of them shift towards monolingualism.
History of
Before the settlers arrived, several languages were spoken by Native Americans in the United States.
Later, European immigrants arrived and the languages they spoke were added to the more than 300 separate indigenous languages in the U.
S.
Missionaries used indigenous languages to evangelize, and the use of diverse languages in the 18th and 19th centuries was fairly tolerated.
However, there were certain exceptions
In 1855 California mandated the use of English-only instruction and Bureau of Indian Affairs enforced language suppression policies in the 1880's
In 1855 California mandated the use of English-only instruction and the Bureau of Indian Affairs enforced language suppression policies in the 1880's.
Nevertheless, certain types of bilingual education existed at the time, and it wasn’t until the 20th century that bilingual education became a hot topic. By hot, do you mean controversial? Or popular? It's unclear.
Several factors influenced this change - one being the utmost import was the rise in the number of immigrants and WWI.
Several factors influenced this change, the most important being the rise in the number of immigrants and WWI.
HELP
I need your help.
I would like to help others with their Spanish corrections, but I just cannot figure out how to include the accent marks.
I've already tried the controls + numbers and nothing works.
I have two Spanish classes and every time I write an essay, I have to insert the accent marks as symbols.
It's annoying.
Please help.
Codeswitching
I would like to know what do you think about codeswitching.
Some people believe that it is garbage slang.
On the other hand, others argue that codeswithching is a natural process that bilingual and multilingual individuals go thru.
Personally, I like it.
For me it shows that language is indeed alive, its not static and changes all the time.
I understand that we must make use of our languages according to the context,but well that's just me.
Underachievement/Causes
Bilingualism is often labeled as one of the causes of minority children’s academic underachievement.
A common belief is that bilinguals have two underdeveloped languages; while monolinguals have one well developed language.
However, according to several theories this is not true.
Moreover, Threshold's theory explains that balanced bilingualism may lead to higher levels of cognition, and only when both languages are under developed detrimental effects such as academic failure may occur.
Moreover, the Threshold theory explains that balanced bilingualism may actually lead to higher levels of cognition, and only when both languages are underdeveloped is there the potential for detrimental effects such as academic failure. 
In addition, lack of exposure to the majority language has also been attributed as reason for ELL’s underachievement. 
In addition, lack of exposure to the majority language has also been attributed as a reason for ELL’s underachievement.
Consequently, mainstreaming and transitional forms of bilingual education attempt to ensure a fast conversion to the majority language.
Yet, this can run the risk of doing more harm than good.
It denies the child’s skills in the home language, their cognitive and academic competence in that language, and often it denies the identity and self-respect of the child as well.
On the contrary, bilingual education when effectively implemented is not the cause of underachievement; rather it is the cure (p.
On the contrary, bilingual education, when effectively implemented, is not the cause of underachievement, but rather the cure (p.
206) 
Furthermore, a mismatch between home and school is also one of the factors in a bilingual student’s underachievement.
For that reason, the alternative view is that, where practicable the school system should be flexible enough to incorporate the home language and the culture.
A mismatch between home and school can be positively addressed by strong forms of bilingual education for language minorities (p.
207).
Overall, the real causes of underachievement tend to lie in relative social and economic deprivation and exclusion, a school which rejects the home language and culture of the child, and occasionally real learning difficulties (p.
210).
Happy
I'm very happy because I finally finished my homework.
I would like to thank all the people who helped me.
I really appreciate all that you did. Thanks to you my paper will look better and I will hopefully get a good grade.
I really appreciate everything you did. Thanks to you my paper will look better and hopefully I will get a good grade.
I'm happy to have found this site, I believe it's very fun and helpful.
I'm happy to have found this site. I believe it's very amusing and helpful.
I will be posting more homework later.
I hope you don't get bored with my postings.
If you need help do not hesitate to ask for it. I will be more than glad to help you.
Movies
Today I went to the movies and watched Hall Pass.
It was fun.
I did not buy any snacks this time because it was late and I didn't want to waste time.
I enjoy going to the movies.
It is one of my favorite things to do.
I like all kind of movies and I enjoy being in the theatre.
What about you ?
homework
According to Cummin’s theory of Common Underlying Proficiency, bilingualism can be represented by the shape of two icebergs.
On the surface these two icebergs are separated outlining the differences between the two languages when conversation occurs.
On the other hand, underneath the surface the two icebergs are joined showing that both languages come from the same data base although they are different when transformed in to output.
On the other hand, underneath the surface the two icebergs are connected showing that both languages come from the same data base although they are different when transformed in to output.
Consequently, this theory explains that the two languages function together and share the same central processing system.
Reading Homework
The use of semantic maps, context clues, vocabulary books, word parts, and the dictionary are practices that help second and third graders to increase their vocabulary and better their reading comprehension skills.
By expanding their vocabulary, children improve their writing skills and as a result their writing repertoire becomes more advanced.
For that reason, the use of these strategies helps children to become better readers and writers.
Semantic maps are graphs that help children to visualize the relationship between words.
A semantic map can be built around any word that relates to the students’ interest or experiences.
In addition, semantic maps can also be used to learn about a word related to the topic that is being studied.
The first step of creating a semantic map is to write down the studied word on the center of the board or a piece of paper.
Then, the students and the teacher must think of new words or definitions together related to the studied word.
After , the new words can be divided into categories.
Finally, the new words can be used to create a story.
Excercise
This past month I decided it was time for me to lose those extra pounds that have bothered me so much.
My first step was to enroll in an aerobic excercise class.
Although it is not a class that I need to graduate, I decided to include it in my academic schedule because it would be the best way to force myself to excercise.
Since the aerobic excercise class is only two times a week, I came to the conclusion that if I was serious about losing weight I needed to add more excercise to my weekly routine.
Then I found out that the university was offering a bunch of free fitness classes.
Among the options were, indoor ciclyng, zumba, zumba tonning, step express, yogilates, piyo, and turbo kick.
After giving it a thought, I concluded that I would be adding indoor cycling to my work out routine.
So far, I am enjoying both of my classes.
I have attended all the sessions and I feel really good.
However, giving up the food has been very difficult, but I will work hard to reach my goal.
The Achievement Gap Issue
monolingual
According to studies conducted by Thomas and Collier (1997, 2002a), students enrolled in weak bilingual education programs such as Content ESL or Transitional...
Thus, bilingual education tends to be labeled as the cause of lower levels of achievement.
However, other studies suggest that students enrolled in strong bilingual education programs such as Two Way/Dual Language score at or above the average (Baker, 1996, p.
204).
Consequently, research implies that the method of bilingual education used with students has more influence over their academic achievement than their socio-economic status.
Nonetheless, reports from 41 states explain that only 18.7% of ELL students met the state norms for reading in English.
Other arguments suggest higher dropout rates and recurrent placement in lower-ability groups for ELL’s.
Moreover, Freeman et al.(2002), indicates that ELL students who have lived all their life in the U.
S. are...
S. tend to perform worse than any other ELL group.
In conclusion, low levels of achievement in ELL students are often signaled as a consequence of inefficient classroom learning methods, as well as to bilingual education.
In conclusion, low levels of achievement in ELL students are often attributed to inefficient classroom instructional methods, as well as to bilingual education.
Research suggests, however, that this gap can only be closed by implementing effective forms of bilingual education aided by well-organized instruction.
Mall
Today after school I went to the mall to make a payment at Dillard's store.***Today after school, I went to the mall to make a payment at the Dillard's store. 
After I made the payment I headed to the make-up section and bought a moisturizing lotion for my face and one for my eyes.***I went to the make-up section, after I made the payment, and bought two moisturizing lotions: one for my face, and one for my eyes. 
I had never bougth those things before but I wanted to pamper myself .***I had never bought those before, but I wanted to pamper myself. 
After I paid I went to the mall's massage and I decided to pay for a massage.***After buying them, I went to the mall's massage area and decided to pay for a message. 
It was awesome!!!
I lasted 30 minutes and worthed every penny.***It lasted 30 minutes and is worth every penny.
I was so pleased with the massage that I decided I have to do it at least once a month.**I was so pleased with the message that I decided to have one at least every month. 
When I got home I realized I have spent alot of money, but I wasn't sad, I was happy because I was neglected my-self too much the last moths that I felt I deserved all that.**When I got home, I realised that I spent a lot of money. I wasn't sad, though; I deserved all that because I neglected myself too much these last months. 
My stuff
I have tons of homework.
I don't even know where to start.
I have to write an essay and read two chapters of my Foundations of Bilingual Ed.
class.
Plus, I have to work on a Power Point presentation and a lesson plan.
Well, I guess I should start working and stop complaining.
Hopefully tomorrow I'll have time to go to the movies and spend time with my family.
Confused
Next year I will be graduating from college.
Although I'm happy, I'm also very worried because the school districts around here are not hiring at all.
Bilingual teachers are not particularly needed here in Laredo.
Why?
Because Laredo is on the US-Mexico border, everybody speaks and understands both English and Spanish; not everyone is fully bilingual, but some degree of bilingualism exists.
So, I don't know, our teachers told us that we have to look for a job out of town, or become substitute teachers until we find a job. That's so wrong! I mean, what kind of encouragement is that?
I don't know. I will probably move out of town, but I don't know...
Yesterday
Yesterday I went to buy a new computer.
I checked every computer in the store, and when I found the one that I wanted, I called a sales associate and let him know I was ready to pay.
Then, he said he had to ask me some quick questions about myself, such as if this was the first time I had bought a laptop there and so on.
When he finished with the questions he told me that the laptop that he couldn't sell me the laptop unless I bought a $99 protection plan.
I was not impressed, it's always the same at these electronic's stores; there is always a hidden fee or mail-in rebate thing.
I wish they would just put the real price.
Anyways, I ended up buying the 99 dlls plan thing (and on top of that the guy wanted me to apply for the card, and buy other "optional services").
Have something like this happened to you?
Homework help 
Language is often viewed as a badge of loyalty.
For some, language is a pre-eminent badge that expresses a sense of belonging to a national group.
Language becomes a symbol of independence of a separate nation and of a separate people (Baker, 2006, p.
84).
I believe this is true. Language is part of the culture and personality of individuals, there is no way to separate individuals from their languages. For that reason when a language is insulted or diminished, so are the individuals that speak that language.
Annoying things
Yesterday a professor was talking about the importance of being a teacher.
She said that if we were pursuing an education career just because we were interested in having weekends off and summer vacations, we should change our major. "Willing" wouldn't be quite the word- everyone's willing to have those things!
I agree.
It's annoying to listen my classmates explaining that they want to be Pre-K or elementary teachers because it is easy and because children will believe anything they say because they are small and easy to scare.
Agghhhh!
I don't understand.
I mean, we will be dealing with brains. That's a huge responsibility.
How can some people be so indifferent?
How is it that they don't care?...
How can they not care?...
I mean I'm so scared, I want to be a teacher, but I feel nervous, I am scared of not being able to provide the adequate instruction, I'm scared of not being good enough for my students I will teach.
I mean, I'm so scared. I want to be a teacher, but I feel nervous. I am worried about not being able to provide the adequate instruction, and I'm scared of not being good enough for my students.
While these girls are more worried about what clothes they will wear when they get a job...
Does this sound familiar to you?
Finally...
In conclusion, both theories agree with the idea of a connection between the two languages and state that all knowledge gained through one or both language channels feeds the central operating system.
Both acknowledge that children must acquire well developed abilities in the language of the classroom, in order to cope with curriculum.
In addition, they state that cognitive advantages may occur when children gain a level of “balanced bilingualism” and explain that even underdeveloped levels of proficiency in both languages trigger academic success.
The Thresholds Theory goes further and proposes possible reasons for minority language children’s failure in the learning of a second language such as the transition of students with inefficient second language ability to English-only classrooms.
Therefore, the Thresholds Theory suggests that programs that allow children to learn using their first and second language are more effective and lead to superior results than those noted in other programs.
A Book about Murder and Forgiveness
Last year I read a book called "What Daddy Did", by Neal Shusterman.
It was amazing.
I was impressed to learn it was a true story (and what a story it was!).
I mean, could you forgive your dad after he killed your mom?
After reading this book I thought it was impossible, but now I'm not so sure, perhaps I would.
Secrets
Well, today I was thinking about a particular kind of music that I like: Tacky music.
Yes I have to admit it.
I don't know what it is but sometimes I can't resist singing or moving while listening to a bad song, and even worse a song that everybody around me dislikes and laughs at.
So, I wonder, am I the only one who suffers from this I-like-bad-songs disorder?
And if I am not, would you share your tacky song with me so I can laugh at it?
And if not, would you share your tacky song with me so I can laugh at it?
Well, I'll share a couple of tacky songs with you all.
Please don't judge me :P
Language proficiency
Conversational language is the language of everyday interaction.
It is heavily “contextualized”, that is, aspects of the situation help make input comprehensible and reduces the necessity of adding information for the speaker.
“Academic” language is the language of school, politics, science and business, and is more decontextualized, that is, it must be understood with less contextual help (Krashen, 1996, p.60).
This explains Cummins’ BICS and CALPS theories, and shows that language proficiency has many different shades of gray.
For that reason, teachers must be very careful when evaluating student’s language proficiency.
According to Cummins, it takes about 2 years to develop conversational skills.
On the other hand, 4 to 7 years are needed in order to develop academic proficiency.
Consequently, the conversational skills acquired within the first years might give the false illusion of readiness for transition.
However research has explained that placing students in English only programs, before they have acquired enough academic skills, places them in sink-or-swim situations that may lead to detrimental effects.
Situational Factors
Bilingual education students come from diverse backgrounds and learning environments.
Thus, the use of the same program with different groups of students does not guarantee the same results for all.
The outcomes of bilingual education programs may be affected by variables such as parent involvement, level of resource support, program characteristics and commitment of teachers.
For that reason, the impact of situational factors on program effectiveness must be evaluated in order to develop an appropriate instructional method for each group.
 Parental interest is one determining factor.
For example, children whose parents are involved in school activities are more likely to receive help from their parents while learning a second language.
In addition, parental involvement and cooperation with teachers can help in the development of better instructional programs as well as stimulate higher academic achievement.
Parents hold great influence on children’s preferences and attitudes towards several topics, hence the importance of this variable.
Mexican Telenovelas
For the past 5 months I had been watching a Mexican telenovela called Teresa.
For the past 5 months I have been watching a Mexican telenovela called Teresa. I think it's okay to leave "telenovela" untranslated, but if you insisted, it would be "soap opera."
It was the same old story about the poor girl that marries a rich guy because she's obsessed with money.
She was mean, she lied to her friends, and she said her mother was dead cause she was embarrassed of her humble roots.
She was mean, she lied to her friends, and she said her mother was dead because she was embarrassed by her humble roots. Or, "ashamed of."
Plus, she dumped the rich guy and seduced his best friend, who also happened to be her sister-in-law's boyfriend.
So in summary, she was a tramp.
Anyway, this past Sunday the novela ended.
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada. We were all watching Teresa's last chapter together, and were hoping her to end up homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our surprise she didn't.
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada. We were all together to watch Teresa's last episode, hoping that she would end up homeless and lonely (like in the original version), but to our surprise she didn't.
AAGHH!
It was so unfair, she kept the money and the guy.
It was so unfair; she kept the money and the guy.
So what did she learn?
What was the message, be a tramp and you'll succeed?
So to end this entry, I'll just quote Teresa's mom :Me das miedo Teresa...
:P
Code-mixing
I know several people dislike the use of code-switching.
In my personal opinion there is always a place and time to use it.
In my community code-mixing(Spanglish) is a very common practice.
I use it very often with my friends and family, but I never use it for academic or professional purposes.
I think it is cool to have a different way to communicate.
I never used Spanglish in Mexico.
I know it is not as important as Standard English, but I learned to use it because I wanted to be able to understand my classmates and friends, basically because I wanted to feel a sense of belonging.
Anyways, my main goal is to learn Standard English, but I would also like to be able to understand different dialects.
What do you think?
Tired
I feel tired, because
I have tons of homework.
I like to study and read but this time I feel like it's a lot.
I like to study and read, but this time I feel like it's a lot.
But, what can I do.
But, well, what can you do. This is a commonly used phrase to say, in general, what can a person do about their situation--?
I need to start working on my Spanish essay, that will be easier, or at least that's what I think.
I hope I get good grades in all my classes.
I Think That..
I feel like my brain hurts.
I am tired, I need a Monster.
Yesterday I was supposed to finish my homework, but insteadI watched TV and then went to sleep, so today I am paying the consequences.
I suppose my homework is not that hard, but I take for ever to write a paper. This makes me feel angry with myself. I feel silly sometimes, but I guess I'll improve with time.
I guess my homework is not that hard, but I take forever to write a paper, which makes me feel angry with myself. I feel silly sometimes, but well, I guess I'll improve with time.
Weak Forms
There are three weak forms of bilingual education for bilinguals: Transitional, Mainstream with foreign language teaching, and Separatist.
Transitional programs have language minority students as the typical type of child.
The language of the classroom moves from minority to majority language and its societal and educational aims are assimilative and subtractive.
Its aim in language outcome is relative monolingualism.
In addition, Mainstream uses the majority language as the language of the classroom, even with L2/FL lessons.
Mainstream’s societal and educational aim is limited enrichment and its aim in language outcome is limited bilingualism.
Lastly, Separatist bilingual education is targeted to language minority students and the language of the classroom is the minority language.
Its societal and educational aims are detachment/autonomy and its aim in language outcome is limited bilingualism.
Feeling Sick
Today I am feeling sick.
My head hurts and my throat feels sore.
I think I have the flu.
I feel weak and I didn’t want to go to class.
Nonetheless, I woke up at 7:00am and went to school.
I didn’t pay too much attention to the lecture because I felt very sleepy but at least I showed up to class.
I hope I can feel better tomorrow.
I  
Characteristics of the Strong forms of Bilingual Ed
There are four major/prominent forms of bilingual education: Immersion, Maintenance/Heritage Language, Two way/Dual Language and Mainstream Bilingual.
Immersion is targeted at majority language students and the language of the classroom is bilingual with emphasis on L2.
Its societal and educational aims are pluralism and enrichment.
Its aims in language outcomes are to promote bilingualism and bi-literacy.
Maintenance/Heritage Language has language minority children as its typical child type.
 The language of the classroom is bilingual with emphasis on L1 and its societal and educational aims are maintenance of the students' native language, pluralism and enrichment.
Its aims in language outcome are bilingualism and bi-literacy.
Two Way/Dual Language has both students from mixed linguistic backgrounds and majority children as its typical kind of students.
The languages of the classroom are equally balanced among majority and minority languages.
Its societal aims are maintenance, pluralism and enrichment additive and its aims in terms of language outcome are bilingualism and bi-literacy.
Mainstream Bilingual has language majority children as the typical kind of student.
The languages used in the classroom are the two majority languages plus any other minority languages.
Its societal aims are maintenance, bi-literacy and enrichment additive.
Its aim in language outcome is bilingualism (p.
216).
Today
I don't feel like going to class today.
I just want to stay in my house and read.
I bought a very interesting book, and I can't stop reading it.
It's cool when you find a book like that. It doesn't happen to me very often.
Anyway, I have to go to class.
I'll read later.
Multicultural ed
U.
S classrooms are diverse.
Students come from many different backgrounds and SES.
Teachers must understand and respect student’s cultures and languages.
Although, English acquisition is of utmost importance for ELL and newcomers, teachers must understand that children will learn at their own pace, and that putting down their culture and language will only result in lack of motivation and low self-esteem.
Although English acquisition is of utmost importance...
Hence, the importance of alternative programs such as bilingual education and ESL.
Flea Market
Today I went to a flea market. For some reason, this sounds better to me. Maybe because in my mind I think of a flea market more like an event, and less like a fixed place.
It was packed.
Merchandise arrives every Wednesday, so that's why it was crowded.
The reason I was there is because I wanted to buy some books. - no need to say 'why'.
They always have cheap books.
I bought 2 books and I only paid $1.00, a real bargain.
Before, I thought flea markets only sold used merchandise, but they don't.
I think about 80% of the merchandise they sell is new.
Most of the merchandise comes from stores like Walmart and K-mart.
Anyway, it was fun. - No need for the 's', it's used colloquially, but is not 'correct'. 
Have you ever been to a flea market?
Thresholds
On the other hand, the Thresholds theory sums up the relationship between bilingualism and cognition.
This theory is represented by an illustration of a house with three floors.
The bottom floor represents the group of individuals whose current proficiency in both languages is below the average level of their age group.
This can bring negative outcomes because children won’t be able to function academically, plus negative cognitive effects may occur.
The second floor describes the group of individuals with the average proficiency level for their age group in one of the languages.
This stage of bilingualism allows children to function academically in one of the languages.
However, no cognitive advantages may be observed during this stage.
Moreover, the third floor portrays the group of “balanced bilinguals”.
This group is able to function at the average age level in both languages.
Also, cognitive advantages superior to those of monolingual children may be observed.
Hello
Hi everybody!
It has been a long time since my last entry.
I am very happy to be back.
I don't know why but I don't feel like writing anymore.
I guess I am just lazy.
However, I will start writing again.
I won't quit this time.
I hope you can support me, it is fun to learn with you all.
:)
Reaction
According to my experience as an English learner, literacy skills, and knowledge gained through the first language transfer to the second language.
I started learning the English language in college, and my Spanish reading skills were already highly developed.
I already knew how to read in Spanish, and I learned sentence structure in my first language.
Thus, I quickly learned to comprehend English text.
Additionally, I have always had a habit of reading, which helped me to increase my L2 skills.
Moreover, the Spanish classes that I took in college helped me to understand the writing process, and once I learned the components and processes of the different types of essays and research papers in Spanish, I was able to write Essays in English.
In addition, when I took Algebra classes, the mathematical knowledge that I gained through my first language transferred to my second language.
This was more context-embedded because I was not able to comprehend the teacher's explanations word by word, but the knowledge that I had helped me to make the English input more comprehensible.
In conclusion, I think that knowledge gained through one language does transfer to other languages because we always try to relate the new input to background knowledge in order to shelter the learning of our new skills.
After a week
After taking a week off from Japanese...
I'm back on track :D
During that week, I've tried to set up a studying schedule, organize material and my wiki, re-make/think better how to make the flashcards so they don't make me feel bored/lazy when I'm using them, etc.
Also, I've tried to see which I should learn now and focus on that, what to learn after, and so on.
Moreover, I've been watching videos where people show how far they've gone with the language they studied on their own...
For motivational purposes, you know?
Now I feel fresh, with the desire to learn again :)
Firefox extension
Hi!
this is my first post.
I will translate a Firefox extension (EmotiConverter) review, because I need it in English, and I want to practice the language.
I will divide the review into a few posts, because is too long, and I have little time.
I will divide the review into a few posts, because it is too long, and I have little time.
This is not publicity, really!
I need this to be translated, and I want to do this by myself.
Index
1.
Summary
2.
Getting started
3.
Functions
4.
Other options
5.
Using EmotiConverter
6.
Video
7.
Future options
8.
Download
9.
Support and suggestions
1.- Summary
Imagine that you have uploaded several emoticons to a host (eg: Imageshack, Photobucket, Deviantart, etc) and that every time you use them you have to go to the host, find your emoticon, copy your url and paste it where you want it to be.
Imagine that the forum which you frequent has emoticons that you like, but that their shortcuts or keywords (eg ":D", "mrgreen", etc) are too long or difficult to write.
Now imagine that an extension exists that solves all these problems.
Now imagine an extension that solves all these problems. - It sounds best this way. You could also write "Now imagine that there is an extension that..."
That is EmotiConverter: an extension that helps users of any forum to be able to put emoticons where they want with the keywords they want, in a super easy and quick way.
Firefox extension III
The original post (in Spanish):
I will divide the longer entries into a few smaller ones so it's easier to make corrections ^_^
Functions - Part 1
EmotiConverter has an options window that you can use to do any necessary action to manage your emoticons:
Every table single row represents an emoticon:
The 1st column shows the emoticon number.
The 2nd column is the emoticon shortcut of that emoticon.
The 3º column contains the emoticon URL.
By right clicking any row you can modify the row data, select all the rows, invert the selection, or delete the selected row/s.
Also you can select all the rows by pressing Ctrl + A.
Firefox extension II
The first part of the entry is here:
The original post (in Spanish):
This entry will be a bit long, just read and correct until you want ;D
Getting started
Once EmotiConverter has been installed into our Firefox, we must load the emoticons that we need. The use of "that" is optional, I think.
To do this, we can proceed in two different ways:
One is to load our emoticon into our navigator, which is possible if we click right on the emoticon, so that in the drop down menu will appear an "Add emoticon to EC" button.
If we click on it, a window appears, in which we can enter the emoticon shortcut.
By default will appear the image name without extension, but we can enter what we want.
[image-1]
Below the shortcut is the emoticon url.
You can modify it, so that the preview will be updated, although generally this is not necessary.
When you press "Ok" the emoticon will be added to our list, which is now ready for use.
For anyone that is not interested in the emoticon shortcut, or want to add the emoticon quickly, you can disable the "Add shortcut when adds emoticon" option, in the option window, which doesn't ask for the emoticon shortcut, but will be automatically added with the image name, or its variant .
The other way to add an emoticon is to go to Tools -> EmotiConverter and press "Options", after which will appear a window like this one:
[image-2]
Where it says "Insert shortcut" we need to enter the emoticon shortcut, and where it says "Insert image's URL" we need to enter the image's (emoticon's) url.
Simplest impossible xP
Once entered both, we must press the "Add" button so that the emoticon will be added to our list.
In order to let the changes come into force, we need to press the "Apply" or "Accept" button.
If the image has an error, or the URL is incorrect, there will appear an image like the one below indicating that an error has occurred:
[image-3]
If you add an emoticon with the same shortcut as another one, or if one emoticon's shortcut contains another shortcut (for example: "surprise" and "prise", "surprise" contains "prise"), EmotiConverter will alert us about this, and will require the change of a shortcut.
This is in order to avoid problems when adding an emoticon to a post.
Complications can occur, because it is possible that the user wanted to display the emoticon corresponding to "hello" with a "2" on one side, and might have to display the emoticon "hello2".
Firefox extension IV
The original post (in Spanish):
3.
Functions - Part 2
If you select a row, you will obtain a preview of the corresponding emoticon.
If the emoticon is too big, the preview will resize the image maintaining his appearance.
To see the emoticon in real size, you only need to click on the preview, after which will appear a window with the emoticon in it's real size.
[image-1]
If the emoticon is too long,
there will appear two arrows with which you can move along the emoticon.
Momentum
"Do you know the story of the monkeys of the shitty island?...
Somewhere, far, far away, there is a shitty island.
An island without a name.
An island not worth giving a name.
A shitty island with a shitty shape.
On this shitty island grow palm trees that also have shitty shapes.
And the palm trees produce coconuts that give off a shitty smell.
Shitty monkeys live in the trees.
And they love to eat these shitty-smelling coconuts, after which they shit the world´s foulest shit.
The shit falls on the ground and builds up shitty mounds, making the shitty palm trees that grow on them even shittier.
It´s and endless cycle...
What I am trying to say is this.
A certain kind of shittiness, a certain kind of stagnation, a certain kind of darkness goes on propaging itself by its own power in its own self-containd cycle.
And once it passes a certain point, no one can stop it - even if the person himself wants to stop it." Haruki Murakami
I think it accurately describes the cycle of violence.
Once you are sucked into it you might not be able to stop it.
So we´d better be careful not to stumble and fall into it.
Violence has continued to exist throughout human history and it has even been enhanced by science.
We can sense its presence everywhere, as we commute, watch TV and talk to an acquaintance.
It is definitely part of human nature.
However, being aware of this fact, we might be able to struggle against our impelling nature so that we do not turn this planet into a battlefield.
The signs are everywhere, we just have to take notice.
I myself wish I had read this piece of writing before ruining a nice friendship.
But, the path to wisdom can´t be smooth, I guess.
Otherwise we wouldn´t fairly appreciate the value of such knowledge.
profile
Hi everyone!
I am a 28-year old upper basic japanese student who is seeking to improve his language skills.
Someday I´d like to put myself to the test to find out whether my efforts were really worth it and travel to japan, I´d also like to make friends with some Japanese guys who happen to have similar interests such as swimming, snorkeling and nature.
I am already looking forward to getting to know many nice people.
Do not hesitate to drop me a line!
Until then enjoy yourself.
日本と日本語
日本語の勉強を始める前に、日本語のことを何も知りませんでした。
子どもの時、テレビで漢字が時々見ていましたが、ひらがなとカタカナがあることを知りませんでした。
私は漢字を初めて見た時、漢字がきれいだと思いました。
後で大学に入学して日本の読書を読んで日本人は資性英明な人々だと思いました。
インタネットで沖縄の写真を探してその写真を見た時、スノケーリングができるし、食べ物が美味しいし、その所へ行きたいと思いました。
日本へ旅行する前に、外国語が好きだし、便利だし、日本語の勉強を始めなければならないと思いました。
貯金してから、行きます。
nasty neighbour
Insanity is everywhere!
My junkie junky neighbour has taken to urinating outside my door.
It seems that giving beatings to his wife does not suffice anymore.
I wonder What his snobby mother thinks of such behaviour.
Do you think she would say 'hey!
How tender!
Look at my crack addicted, coward, women beating son!
He has found another way to show how disturbed he has become because of his father´s cheating on me with his secretary, and our failing to show him any affection'?
Well I guess that's what daily life is supposed to be on the skidrow, or, better yet, that's what 'royal' eccentricity is like.
I guess my nextdoor neighbour is just peculiar.
Or maybe crack has just already distroyed his brain.
No way of figuring it out.
How harsh it is a midleclass mummy's child's daily drama of life!
How much life owes you!
But life will make up for such injustice by letting you have as much crack as your parents' money can afford, regardless whether they, at last, have to sell their last and most precious possession.
Who would have ever thought that pampering might turn an innocent child into such an addicted violent 37 year-old baby.
But there is nothing to worry about as long as you walk among people priding yourself on having done such a good work bringing up such a gracious child.
Whatever the case is it, the wierdo mind is a puzzle which not even his mother is willing to solve.
Anyway, no matter how wicked you are, sun rises again every day.
I would even dare to say that women might find this behavior appealing since he managed to get himself a wife.
She also doesn't seem to mind his beating her.
Not to mention that she gave birth to a child of him.
I know!
if you put it into perspective, it sounds like a recipe for love.
Nothing like sheer violence and nonsense to turn somebody on.
Well see you around with more stories from the ghetto.
Reality is always much more shocking than fiction!
You see?
Hey!
wait a second!
I guess I'm being unjust.
I must grant him that he has the courage to get up every single day.
How strong is the call of life in this God's creature.
Letter
Please advice you will find our new location address oft our office.
Our address of P.
O.
Box still is the same.
Best regards.
Nice
きょうはにせんはちねんはちげつにじゅうはちにちです。
こんばんは
わたしのしごとはシステムエンジニアです。
私はかいしゃいんです。
にほんへいきたいです。
でも こうくうけんがとてもたかいです。
だから、にほんごをべんきょうしながらおかねをためます。
ありがとうございました
Response to a writer friend
I like it.
Most of your stories are loaded with realism; it provides a quick cathartic connection with the reader.
In stories like this, the reader knows the end.
So, your efforts should concentrate on developing the climax; in dissecting that which is before the end; in describing cautiously the events that are expected.
You're doing it very well!
What is interesting about a realist story must be the journey and not the destination.
If you want , I propose a contamination of the genre: introducing elements of the dream and the past that interlock with the proximity of death.
Go ahead!
Letter to my British friend
LOL- The music describes the director.
Only someone (with a sense of humour) like you would be able to use music that would evoke the parade of armed forces on National Day as a background of a video trip.
It is original and gives a funny touch to your court-métrage.
“City of big shoulders…” This is the same New York that Woody Allen showed me!
I love your video, John.
It’s beautiful and very well filmed - considering that you made shots from inside a car, walking down the street and bicycling.
I love family rides and you have a lovely family.
They give a nice impression strolling through the streets as tourists; beautiful people.
xxx
New York
In reply to my friend's blog
I was in a carpeted room playing "Guess Who?" with John McCain when a messenger on horseback brought me the news of your return.
Overcome with emotion, I shed a single tear on a silver tray.
Throughout your absence, I've been immensely bored and I haven't had anything to do.
I once more began again my Sunday strolls with Mr.
Utterson, painted some Faberge eggs; cut labels for the canned sweets, and re-read my "Where's Wally?" books - although it lacked the same excitement the second time after I’d highlighted Wally with a fuchsia crayon…
Now that the litany of my days has been broken, my eyes light up knowing that you’ll restart the chores in the house.
Perhaps what is missing are sanded, painted walls, repaired damp patches and a replacement for the cracked glass in the central skylight - but this station in any way is a desolate wasteland!
Or perhaps you know of a more creative, original place than this in the world?
There are those who declare there was a similar one in Persia, but they lie.
I love this place; it is - was, and always will be - my favourite site on the net.
Please continue to keep us updated with your work, and remember I will always love you and support you.
Although to do that, I'd have to dodge the bullets of my detractors.
The train scene was difficult; I know MacGyver would have done it better.
Peace to everyone.
Ex(t)reme
Hahahah!!!
But wait… Oh, no, no, no.
It's not a fail, John!
This guy was the bassist of the legendary band '(T)he Remes’.
Before he was a Reme and now he is an Ex Reme.
They published several records, but didn't have much http://failblog.org/2009/08/05/success-fail-2/:
Sraosphere (1988); Resrain Of Rade (1991); Achycardia (1995); Unpaseuirised Milk (1998) 
Does anybody know another?
MY HERO
His name is  marcial, he is my best friend, he is 23 years old and he lives in the neighborhood.
I admire him because he lives alone since 18 years old, he studies at unam college and in the afternoons he works as a waiter in a famous restaurant near of polanco, some weekends we go to skate on ice, he is a good skater, he is a kind person with all neighbors and I like go out with him because he is very funny, he tries to be ok all time, he gives good advices, but mainly, he is my best friend
about my job
One thing I like very much about my job is the fact that by working there I'm able to help people to recover their heath .
One thing I like very much about my job is the fact that, by working there, I am able to help people recover their health .
It gives me a feeling of satisfaction that I cannot describe .
Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries ,I'm able to improve my skills and develop my career.
Besides, as this hospital is highly specialized in cardiovascular surgeries, I am able to improve my skills and develop my career.
Do you know how to help a workaholic ?
I think my mom is a workaholic because she works most of the time in a market. She generally gets up very early and stays at the market from 7am to 4pm. There is always something else to do such as shopping and fixing electronics. She goes to different places to get everything fixed.
I don´t know what to do to help her.
I´ve talked with her about resting more at home. I always help her with money so she doesn't have to feel that she needs to work in order to earn money, however, my tactics have not worked.
I'm feeling blue and uncomfortable about my mom´s attitude, but I don't know exactly what to do.
Do u think she is workaholic?
What could I do to help her?
I love her and just want to help her.
Globalization
Globalization is a phenomenon of the twenty-first century .
It means that we, as individuals, society and nation, are not isolated any longer because the world is integrated due to the advances of technology and communication .
Nobody can deny the positive effects of globalization however, it has its dark side  which should be considered seriously.
On one side, globalization made it possible for companies of developed countries to invest in developing countries, this fact generates more jobs for people and more taxes for governments which is positive for the economy of our nation, besides, skilled professionals have the opportunity to travel overseas and work in developed countries which is an opportunity to increase their professional level and know another culture.
On the other side, transnational business companies operating in developing countries become a threat for the national business companies. For example, many national companies that manufacture clothes are collapsing because they can not fight the unfair competition of the cheaper Chinese goods which is a critical situation for the economy of the nation. Besides, it is said that people who work for international companies are exploited. They are paid very low salaries and don't have benefits that traditional workers have.
To sum up .
Globalization is an inevitable phenomenon that has numerous effects on the economy of the nations and many of the effects depend on our steps and actions as individuals, society and nation.
SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH
Scientific researches  are necessary in order to improve the quality of people's life but  research needs to be funded .
Some people suggest that Government should carry out the investigations while others think the opposite.
I firmily believe that scientific studies should be funded by both the Government and the private corporations according to the kind of research.
On one hand, Governments should be in charge of running basic researches such as  national defense and enviromental issue because these topics have national effect .
So, they required national attention.
In fact, if Governments do not invest in the development of millitary intelligent strategies, for example, It will be very dangerous for the state, likewise, the environmental issue is of national interest therefore national institutions and universities should carry out studies to tackle this issue.
On the other hand,Private Institutions tend to devote to profit oriented researches .
They continuously invest money so that they may discover new products.
A good example of this are  the drug companies that carried out investigations to find new cures for diseases that effect the most people.
These companies benefits individuals with the cure and make profit for themselves.
To sum up, Scientific research should have research funding from Goverments and private institutions.
They both have specific areas to investigate and their active involvement is the key to the development of the world.
MY FAVORITE PARK
I would like to talk about a park that I have recently visited .
It is Lima park and its located in the center of the city .
Actually ,it is the most popular park in the capital because it is the biggest one and many people go there.
I went there last sunday because it was my best friend 's birthday and I wanted to surprised her with a picnic.
This park was perfect for it because it is only a 10 minute walk from were we live, and there are vast green areas there.
My friend was very happy, not only because I took there her favorite sandwiches, deserts, and drinks, but also because it was sunny and the environment was great.
What I like the most about this park is that there is a variety of trees and flowers which adorne the landscape and perfume the environment.
Besides, there are many wild birds and pigeons which singing cheer up children as well as adults.
Every time I visit the park I feel fresh and more energetic .
Maybe this is why I wanted to talk about it.
Practicing writing skills
Hi!
I'd like to improve my English writing skills.
For that, I suppose that I can write regularly and someone can help to correct.
Nice to meet you 
Journal 1
I want to start the Advanced Program in Gas Engineering and Management in the next academic term that starts in September Q 2010.
In my country one of the sectors that is booming is the transportation, storage, distribution, and use of gaseous fuels. For these reasons I would master them: To build a strong background as a chemical engineer in this area, as well as forming the technological development by applying my industry knowledge efficiently and successfully, and taking leadership positions in major sectors of engineering.
Currently I'm opting for a scholarship which includes a monthly basic allowance for student expenses during my stay in France.
The French Embassy in Venezuela offers language training for students in need and also offers payment of the registration of the Institute of French education and healthcare.
I would appreciate the efforts that have to perform well for the rapid dispatch of the requirements and request forms.
Without further ado, my summary is attached for your review and I can't wait to hear your response.
En español seria: 
Deseo iniciar el Programa Avanzado de Ingeniería y Gestión de Gas, en el próximo período académico q comienza en septiembre del año 2010.
En mi país uno de los sectores que mas se encuentra en auge es el del transporte, almacenamiento, distribución y utilización de combustibles gaseosos, por tal motivo este master me permitiría: Consolidar una sólida formación como ingeniero químico en esta área, así como también formar parte del desarrollo tecnológico aplicando mis conocimientos a la industria de una manera eficaz y exitosa, tomando posiciones de liderazgo en los sectores mas importantes de la ingeniería.
Actualmente me encuentro optando por una beca la cual incluye: una asignación básica mensual para los gastos del estudiante durante su permanencia en Francia.
La embajada de Francia en Venezuela ofrece la formación lingüística del estudiante que lo necesite así como también ofrece el pago de la inscripción del instituto de educación francés y el seguro medico.
Mucho agradeceré las gestiones que tengan a bien realizar para el rápido envío de los requisitos y formas que solicito.
Sin más a que hacer referencia les adjunto mi resumen curricular para su revisión y fines y esperando su pronta respuesta.
My introduction
My name is Patricia M.
Vera S., I am 26 years old, Venezuelan citizen and I obtained my degree from the Universidad Central de Venezuela in 2007 as a Chemical Engineer.
I speak and write English and I am currently studying French.
My last vacation
It was in June of 22th in the last year.
I went to Margarita island.
It was so exciting because it was my first time flying to that island.
I went with some friends and that did not cost so much because one friend of mine gave me his ticket and so I flied for free.
I went to the beach and some clubs.
I liked margarita but I prefer Valencia because it has a lot of beaches around and the cayos near there, all of that without the cost of fly or other staffs.
Lesson 4
My cousins write that they wish to go to our uncle's house this summer.
This house is in the country not so far from a beautiful city.
Our uncle has big farm.
Around to the house there are a lot of fruit trees and three or four fountain with a lot of little fishes of different colors.
Under that trees the boys do a lot of work everyday.
They ride by horse in a farm, they go to the city at night, they read the news to their aunt, and they talk with the peasants.
Do you not think the life in the country is very nice?
Cuando usar comme?
Cuando usar comme al final de una pregunta?...
Por ejemplo:
Où vas-tu comme ca?
No le veo sentido...:-(.
Por que no usar simplemente en la pregunta: 
Où vas tu?
letter of motivation
Dear Sir or Madam,
My name is Patricia M.
Vera S., I am 26 years old, Venezuelan citizen and I obtained my degree from the Universidad Central de Venezuela in 2007 as a Chemical Engineer.
I speak and write English and I am currently studying French.
Through your Web site and other specialized publications, I was been able to obtain valuable information about the Specialized Master in Gas Engineering and Management you offer in your vast portfolio of graduate courses and masters’ degrees.
I'm really interested for the mentioned program, because I want to extend my academic credentials in the area of gas, area in which I did various projects during my studies in chemical engineering.
I would like to start The Master’s Degree in Gas Engineering and Management the next academic period that starts in September-2010.
Worldwide one of the sectors that is booming is the transportation, storage, distribution and use of gaseous fuels.
For that reasons I think this would give me a strong background as a chemical engineer in this area, as well as forming the technological development by applying in the industry knowledge efficiently and successfully, and taking leadership positions in major sectors of engineering.
What makes this special to me are the 2-stage Master which includes the acquisition of skills learned through courses taught by gas industry experts and situation scenarios and the second one is putting those skills into practice and developing them through a 4-month internship abroad.
In the other hand, the offer of GDF SUEZ for recruiting a young engineers and offer to finance €14,000, including their Master’s Degree year and the payment an allowance for their internship period in one of the Group’s foreign subsidiaries, to defray educational costs and at the end of the program, the young graduates join GDF SUEZ for a minimum of 4 years, starting in a technical management or team management job within the Research and Innovation Department, or a subsidiary of the Infrastructures Division.
I believe that I have the right profile to be accepted by the GDF SUEZ and initiate studies with them in September of this year, I am willing to travel wherever you need at anytime.
I enclose herewith my resume and I remain at your disposal to provide more information, thanking the attention given to this letter, Yours sincerely
my first message
hi!
Everybody, My name is Marilu, I'm from Mexico, I am 15 years old, but on may 30th will be 16.
My name is Marilu. I'm from Mexico. I am 15 years old, but on May 30th I will turn 16.
I'm in the nocturne high school, and my school is larger that others. I love to study at night, because in the mornings i do my homework and i would like work but my mother doesn't think the same.
I study at a night high school, and my school is much bigger than the others. I love studying at night, because in the mornings I do my homework and I would like to get a job, but my mother doesn't feel the same way.
so in my free time i play video games or use the computer to watch anime and music videos.
So in my free time I play videogames or use the computer to watch anime and music videos.
I love all music.
I will be your friend..
I'll be your friend...
thanks for learning with me..
Thanks for learning with me...
Bye!
Biography
Flight 19
.."from Bermuda's Triangle"..
is from all techno thru progressive and the basic rhythms of house.
Being part in most underground parties within Mexico..
have played sessions at crossfader.
net and earwax.
fm in what was known as Guilibeu at (Mexico) also as resident in radios online infusionfm.
com and crispradio.
com (UK); participated in Beat 100.9 fm events, DJ Concept Magazine, G Martell College of Music and Audio and in the Expo Sound:Check 2011 at Mexico City's World Trade Center.
Now studying a certificate at berkleemusic.
com
You can catch me in my show every Saturday at www.
crispradio.
com radio online based in Nottingham, UK
--03:00 a.
m &amp; 03:00 p.
m UK
--09:00 a.
m &amp; 09:00 p.
m Mexico
Meaning of "grimmyness"
Refering to a tune of hip-hop-like.
"You can certainly tell this was early hip hop production, you can actually here pops and such imperfections that add to the grimmyness I wish there was a way to recreate the oldschool feel in my final project"
homework
This is a text that the teacher gave to us; we need to choose the right answers, but I´m not sure that I did it right.
Hi Andrew!
Guess what?
I´ve got a new job!
Do you remember that letter I wrote to the paper?
Well, the manager of a local computer company read it and offered me a job!
The company´s doing very well at the moment and they really need people with experience.
I´m not working now -- it´s my lunch break -- so I´m writing a few emails to my friends to tell them my news.
I´m a technical support engineer and I help customers with their computer problems.
It´s only my first week, so I'm still learning about all the products, but I really like it here.
I work quite long days, but I don´t work on weekends.
Anyway, I have to go -- the phone´s ringing .
Hi friends.
my name is Esther but my friends call me tete or tt, this is the first time when i´m in lang-8 but I want to learn how to write in english, thanks and bye bye.
My name is Esther, but my friends call me Tete or TT. This is my first time on Lang-8, but I want to learn how to write English. Thanks, bye bye.
conversation with W questions
Hello!
Who is that guy?
He is Marco, my friend.
Hey, Marco!
How long have you known him?
I met her 2 years ago.
Esther, What are you doing this week?
I will have a party today
Where is the party?
It will be in my house
How many people will go?
I don´t know yet.
Ok, why are you having a party?
Because it's my birthday.
jobs
Industrial Designer
This race is the innovation in industial design, making them more attractive to others, are dedicated to creating furniture, packaging of products, technology, among other things.
I´m Back...
I´m back like the Terminator hahaha. I'll be writing many journal entries again so I can improve my English writing skills.
Greetings.
feelings
Sometimes I feel very sad because I don't have anything to do. 
Please,I need to improve my English.
My writing 
Well, I am new on this web but I need so much practice more in my writing because when the teaches let me the homework in my subject  English a lot of times I don't write well and I have much mistakes.
But it does not matter a lot, because I think that with this web my writing will be good ( I think so or maybe, he).
Greetings.
I`m so tired
I need to improve my English skills but sometimes I think that is too dificult.
I think that it is easier to learn French over English because my mother language is Spanish and is similar to French.
Sorry
Sorry but I am a little bit drunk.
Today after school my friends and I went to the pub and drank a few beers and alcohol.
I don't think that it was much but it was fun.
hello I´m from Mexico I´d like to practice English.
If someone wants to practice English WITH ME, please write me.
I just need to correct a letter
Hello Christine, I went to the embassy yesterday and I spoke with the counselor. He asked me why I wanted to visit the USA and I said because I’m going to visit my uncle and a camp. Then he asked me why my appointment was programmed as an emergency one. I told him because of the camp, and he said that it doesn’t matter, it is just a camp, and that I need the SEVIS. So I gave him what you emailed me about why this camp doesn’t apply for SEVIS. The counselor read it and he just said that I can’t apply for a tourist visa if I’m going to this camp.
He told me that I just need to give him the filled SEVIS form and I will have the student visa.
But I don’t know what to do because I’m not sure if I can apply for SEVIS.
Poetry 
Love hurts
When your love isn't reciprocated
When everything
remain forgotten.
Love hurts
when you love the wrong person
The one who always told you
That they loved you greatly.
Love hurts
When you are not loved
But it hurts more
To be wrong
For that reason
And for many others,
Love hurts
Juan Gabriel, a tricky translation
I read an article yesterday titled "Against the Idea of Mexico" which in one part argues that Mexico should learn from the example of the Mexican singer Juan Gabriel.
I will translate that part, but I must warn you.
It is written in a very difficult style, so you will have to excuse me if I make too many mistakes.
"(...) Mas no son sus canciones la postrera lección “Juan Gabriel” para renovar la idea “México”.
Es lo que el Divo representó durante décadas en la cultura popular mexicana: cursilería pero también talento y afortunados hallazgos; comercialismo barato, sí, también tenerlos bien plantados para ser no sólo un gay que sobrevive en una sociedad macha, sino el ídolo del país de reprimidos que rendía culto a José Alfredo, y no es poca cosa, ¡cómo va a serlo!
Piénsese: un personaje conspicuamente afeminado que se planta con todo su garbo, que se entrega en toda su persona, para hacer llorar por su mamá a rotos y catrines en una sociedad de machos, de enclosetados, de mujeres sumisas y matonas, de narcos y clasemedieros agringados.
No es que lo que tenga que venir sea un Juan Gabriel de consumo internacional, sino una idea de México con los cojones de Juan Gabriel para presentarse tal cual es y ser no sólo tolerada sino admirada.
Esta enjundia, creo, es muy de los países de supervivientes, como México, que requiere de una imagen universal, sí, mexicana pero tanto da, les guste o no."
"(...) But his songs are not the ultimate "Juan Gabriel" lesson to renovate the idea of Mexico.
It is what Juan Gabriel meant to Mexican pop culture for decades: affectation, but also talent and serendipity; cheap commercial interest, yes, but also having the stones to not only make it as a gay in a macho society but to also be the idol of a country of repressed people that paid tribute to José Alfredo.
That is no small thing: How could it be?!
Think about it: a conspicuously effeminate character that stands with all his elegance, that gives himself completely to make both fops and dandies cry for their mothers in a society of machos and closet cases, of submissive and butch women, of dealers and the gringo-fied middle class.
It's not that what is needed is a Juan Gabriel for international consumption, but an idea of Mexico with the cojones of Juan Gabriel to present itself just as it is and to be not only tolerated, but admired.
This drive, I believe, belongs very much to countries of survivors like Mexico, which requires a universal image: yes, Mexican, but one where it doesn't matter if anybody likes it or not"
The article goes on and on with criticisms and things that deliberately offend some of my susceptibilities or that make me laugh in agreement (no deja títere con cabeza).
But I think I will stop there.
I didn't agree with the conclusion.
However, even I had a hard time to understand it, so I recommend you to read the rest of the article to improve your reading skill in Spanish, just follow this link:
Study for Finals
I'm studying for the finals 
Nice to meet you ~
Wel...
nice to meet you!
I'm new here,and I want to improve my supah english skills (actually, I really need to learn technical and scientific english).
I'm studying the 3rd year of Biology at Sonora Univ and be updated with the last information of the current fields like marine ecology or ecophysiology It's very important to me.
but I'm not going to annoy you with the translation of my stuff, just a few facts and questions XD
I have another interests too, like travel, photography, japanese culture, sometimes I paint oils (°w °)'° and I like to have nonsense conversations...
well that was a lot about me, I hope my grammar wasn't too confuse ^_^'
Hospital
My father started working at this hospital in 1976.
Hospitals aren't a nice place, but I have good memories involving this one.
When I was a child, this hospital was a place full of people and life, surrounded by lovely gardens everywhere.
It didn't scare me maybe because it didn't look like a hospital.
There used to be soldiers but then the hospital became part of the Spanish health system (instead of being a military place) and now there's no one left.
It's an empty sad place.
This hospital is now death because of a bad administration, with lots of machines and materials going to waste, when we need more hospitals in Spain.
I hope that someone will fix this stituation and rehab this extraordinary place that has 87.500 m2 and 22 buildings, it even used to have to his own church.
The neighborhood protests will continue until someone finds a solution to this really special place.
This week with my boss
This week was critical, my boos visited my country and and needed demostrated my work.
I think that everythig was excellent, for intance i have thouths that i setted up an agenda so intense.
Today, I feel more relax, however with more presure following doing well all my responsabilities.
Next monday, I will analize all the meetings, pendings and plans that i commited with my boss, in order to continue the day by day.
Conversation
What`s your first name?
My first name`s Sonia.
How do you spell it?
SONIA
And what`s your surname?
My surname is Perez.
How do you spell it, please?
PEREZ
What`s your addrees?
My adrees is...
What`s your telephone number?
My telephone number is...
And what do you do?
I`m english student.
Thank you very much.
That`s all for today.
Goodbye!
Bye bye!
what time is it?
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
What time is it?
What time is it?
It`s ten o`clock.
What`s the time, please?
What`s the time, please?
It`s a quarter to twelve.
What time is it?
What time is it?
It`s half past five.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
What`s the time, please?
What`s the time, please?
It`s ten to six.
Introductions
Hello.
My name is Sonia.
I`m 24 years old.
I am from Spain and I`m an English student.
Answer the questions
Is Jimmy an actor?
No, he isn`t.
Is Patricia a student?
Yes, she is.
Is Mrs Collins an electrician?
NO, she isn`t.
Is Mr Johnson a policeman?
Yes, he is.
Are you a photographer?
No, I`m not.
Are you a receptionist?
Yes, I`m.
The Spanish Holy Week and Dickens
Hi guys.
I couldn't write in this site for a week, and neither could I study English, so I'm sorry.
I couldn't write on this site for a week, and neither could I study English, so I'm sorry.
That's because Saturday and Sunday I took some rest, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job almost the whole day and I found little time to focus on English Language.
That's because Saturday and Sunday I took some rest, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job during almost all the day and I didn't found a few time to focus on English Language.Una sugerencia:This past weekend, I rested, and Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday I was busy looking for a job so I didn't find much time to focus on studying English.
That's because Saturday and Sunday I rested, and Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I was looking for a job almost the entire day, so I couldn't find much time to focus on studying English.
I'd like to tell you a little bit about Spanish Holy Week.
I'd like to talk to you a little bit about the Spanish Holy Week.
It's a Catholic festival, but you don't need to be a religious person to appreciate it (in fact, neither am I a very religious person).
It's a Catholic holiday, but you don't need to be a religious person to be able to appreciate it (in fact, I'm not very religious).
For a week, Catholic people celebrate the death and resurrection of the son of God, and during the whole week there are a lot of processions, especially at night.
For a week, Catholic people celebrate the dead and resurrection of the son of God, and during the entire week there are a lot of processions, especially at night.
For one week, Catholics celebrate the death and resurrection of the son of God, and throughout the week there are a lot of processions, especially at night.
I don't have a lot of English vocabulary to talk about that, but I think It's a very special Spanish festival.
I don't know a lot of English vocabulary to talk about that, but I think it's a very special Spanish celebration.
So for today and tomorrow, there will be nobody working here (only the waiters :) )
Just now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens' book 'A tale of two cities' and maybe later I'll write an entry about the book.
Now I'm going to read a chapter of Dickens' book 'A Tale of Two Cities' and maybe later I'll write an entry about the book.
I have to force myself to learn more and more words and structures in English, and read and watch tv shows because those are the ways to do it :)
Bye
Going out. Bye!
I'm going out.
I have been sat all the day in front of my computer looking for a job and studying english, and now I really want to go for a walk.
I have been sitting all day in front of my personal computer looking for a job and studying english, so I really want to go for a walk.
I have been in front of my computer all day looking for a job and studying English, so I really want to go for a walk.
Here in Spain we have dinner really late, so I have a few hours to myself to enjoy it:).
I think that this site is really great, so it's sure that I will publish a few notes every day.
I think that this site is really great, so I'm sure that I will publish a few notes every day.
See you tomorrow!
¡Hasta mañana!
Alice in Wonderland
I've just read the first chapter of 'Alice in Wonderland', called 'Down the Rabit Hole'.
I found the book on the Site of childrenslibrary.
I found the book on childrenslibrary.org
org.
I heard about it two weeks ago.
One friend of this Site, called Cat, told us in one of her entries about the Site, and I began to surf into it inmediately.
One friend of this site, called Cat, told us in about it in one of her entries, and I began to search for it immediately.
I liked it very much so I use it now to read a few books in English.
I liked it a lot so I use it to read some books in English.
Althought the site's main focus is on children (the books are divided in three categories: from three to six years old children, from six to ten and from ten to thirdteen years old), there are many different types of books and in many different sizes, so I think it is a good way to increase our vocabulary in a second language.
Although it is a site that focusses on children (the books are divided in three categories: from three to six year old children, from six to ten, and from ten to thirteen years old), there are many different types of books and in many different sizes, so I think it is a good way for us to increase our vocabulary in a second language.
Most of the books are in English but there are also a few in many different languages (like chinese, mongolian, or farsi).
In fact, I read that the objective of the site, is to have at least one hundred books in every language.
Last week I tried to find another similar site with free books for adults, but I didn't succeed.
When I began this post I wanted to talk about 'Alice in Wonderland'.
When I began this post, I wanted to talk about 'Alice in Wonderland'.
I've just read the first chapter and maybe it is a good idea to write a little summary of it.
'Down the Rabit Hole' introduces Alice to us, a little girl sitting on a bench next to her sister, who is reading a book without pictures.
'Down the Rabit Hole' introduces us to Alice, a little girl sitting on a bank next to her sister, who is reading a book without pictures.
Alice is really bored and suddenly she see a rabbit running very quickly.
Alice is really bored, and suddenly she see a rabbit running very quickly.
The rabbit looks at his clock and says that he is late.
The rabbit looks at his clock and says that he is late.
Alice runs after the rabit and also she dissapears into a hole in her backyard.
Alice runs after the rabbit and disappears after it, into a hole in her backyard.
She is falling in the hole for a long time, and finally Alice landed on dry leaves without being hurt.
She falls down the hole for a long time, and finally Alice lands on dry leaves without being hurt.
She found a gold key and many closed doors in a long hall, but the key couldn't open any.
She finds a gold key, and a lot of closed doors in a long hall, but the key can't open any of them..
Finally she moved a curtain and she found a little door of only one foot high.
Finally she moves a curtain and finds a little door only one foot high.
The key fit perfectly in that door!
The key fits perfectly in that door!
Maybe this entry is a bit long, so I am going to finish it for today.
Maybe this entry is a bit long, so I'm going to finish it for today.
Studying languages in the Internet age
In the last few days I have been studying English very much, especially in the afternoon.
In the last few days I have been studying English a lot, especially in the afternoon.
A few years ago, I never thought that learning a language could be fun, but now I think I've found the best way to do it.
When I was at school, children passed a lot of years studying a language learning almost nothing: there wasn't any practical approach to it.
When I was in school, children spent many years studying a foreign language without learning hardly anything: there wasn't any practical approach to it.
However, right now the Internet offers us the possibility to communicate with people all around the world, and it is really easy to have access to music, films, TV shows and books from different cultures and in very different languages.
However, now the Internet offers us the ability to communicate with people from all over the world, and it is really easy to have access to music, films, TV shows and books from different cultures and different languages.
That's why now I'm enjoying studying English (When I was a child I didn't like it very much.).
That's why this time I'm enjoying studying English (when I was a child I didn't like it very much).
A few months ago I subscribed to some podcasts from the BBC, so now I listen to different types of programmes and I try to understand them. I believe "programmes" would be correct in England. In the US, we would spell it "programs".
While listening to the podcasts, I write down in my notebook the key words and expressions.
I want to prove to myself that if I work hard I'll understand the language more and more.
Obviously, I'm also watching a few TV shows in English, like 'The L Word', 'Modern Family' and 'The Sopranos', and I read a few books (It's easy for me to read in French that in English but I like trying hard) I don't know what you meant. Was it: "It's easier for me to read in French than in English" ?
Obviously, I'm also watching a few TV shows in English, like 'The L Word', 'Modern Family' and 'The Sopranos', and I read a few books (It's easier for me to read in French than in English, but I like to challenge myself)
Hello!!!
Hi, my name is Fernanda. I am from Argentina and I am a student.
I have two cats, "Peperino" and "Marciano." They are chubby!
I don't know how to speak english therefore I am here XD.
Goodbye!!!
practicing
Hi, I can't speak in english! For practice today I am going tell one story. Its name is "The Girl Who Does Not Speak In English." This story has no plot. This story has one girl who found this page for learning english, and this is the beginning. I hope the end is good. :) For that I need your help.
Thank you!!!
hi!! 
Today I must go to the dentist, it is 8.30 am.
I want togo to bed
I am writing for beginning the day because is very difficult for me.
Ok, now i am going.
See you later!
First Entry
Hello.
My name is Mathias, and I'm from Uruguay.
This is my first entry here, and I don't know exactly what to do.
Can someone guide me?
Nothing To Do...
Well...
What's up, I'm Ismael, I'm new at this and I'm really looking forward to meeting cool people here.
As you might know, my native language is Spanish and I'm trying to learn English and Japanese(the Japanese is more like a dream of mine...
pretty hard XD), it would be very helpful if some of you native English speakers out there, could give me a hand.
Just to add something to be evaluated on...
I love blues and basically all it's branches.
I like to play guitar (ibanez gio jeje), I play a lot of Super Street Fighter 4 on my brother's Playstation 3 and I consider myself to be a geek ''wannabe'' because of the nature of the career I have chosen ( it's IT based engineering).
Well that's all for now, I know there might be some mistakes so please be as hard as you can.
Thank you
p.
s.
If you have any questions about Spanish, don't be afraid to ask me directly. 
( fb,tw, or lang-8)
Hi!!
Hello, I just want to check how this website works...
xxx
Coraline
I went to see a movie called "Coraline" on Tuesday.
It was a beautiful, very well done movie.
I love animated movies, and nowadays it is rare to see stop-motion animation.
In fact there are almost no traditionally animated movies at all these days, only crappy CGI excuses for merchandise and toys.
I do like CGI movies and CGI in movies, but only when is science fiction or anime.
I hate all those Disney/Pixar movies, with smartass characters and uninspired stupid comedy.
I´ll stop the rant here...
Back to Coraline, everything in the movie was stunning, the camera work was impresive, and the models and story were all top notch.
The history was a bit scary, which isn't a problem for me, but I wouldn take my 5 year old niece to see it.
This movie is an instant classic, I heartily recommend it.
Angry Video Game Nerd
In the past few days I've  watched all the videos by the Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN for short).
He is a funny internet retro game reviewer.
The comedy in his videos stems from his anger, foul language and inappropriate gestures, while he reviews old and poorly made games for old game consoles like NES, SNES, Atari 2600, Sega Genesis, and many others.
His real name is James Rolfe, and looks like is a professional video editor.
He is the same age as me.
We both are almost 30, and grew up in the 80´s, with Nintendo, Ninja Turtles, and many other things.
So I can identify with him and his hilarious reviews.
Yu Gi Oh The abridged series
Hi!
Today I want to talk about "Yu Gi Oh The abridged series".
I did not liked the actual Yu Gi Oh show, because it was awfully dubed and edited by an U.
S.
A company named 4-Kids.
The story seemed quite silly and the characters were really stereotypical.
This past year(2007) I stumbled upon the Abridged series.   It was a dramaticaly shortened version of Yu Gi Oh, parodying the show's sillyness and the changes of the American version.
It was made by an English amateur voice actor known as LittleKuriboh.
It is really funny because it lampoons on the most obvious flaws of the show, like the fact that adults and teenagers play a children's card game with dire seriousness.
A funny aspect is that LittleKuriboh does almost all of the characters' voices, even the female characters.
Just a few others have done voices for the abridged series.
I would like to try and do the Spanish version of the abridged series, with the exception of asking my friends to do some of characters.
One funny thing about this whole thing is that I always have a hard time trying to pronounce ABRIDGED(the meaning of which I did not know before).  Its really annoying.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force
Today I feel like writing some more.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force is a cartoon show that i love to watch on cartoon nework.
It's about some antropomorfic fast food items living in new jersey.
It is a comedy show about these "things" and the subreal adventures they share, most of the characters in this show talk with a heavy jersey accent which I find very amusing.
Not trying to offend anyone , it is just that is kind of...
special, the way they talk.
I really like it and some times I think i have the same accent when I try to speak english.
Most of the time I have to watch the show with the closed captioning on, because somethimes I dont understand what a particular character, Carl, says.
He (Carl) is the only recurrent human character in the show and he has a really unique and rough accent.
I dont think I will learn somenthing really useful watching this show but a least I learn some more street wise language than in text books.
Watch for Watchmen!
Today I went to see the movie Watchmen.
I liked it very much.
For several years, some friends of mine, who are very well versed on the subject of comic books, suggested to me that I read Watchmen.
Now I'm sorry that I did not follow their advice.
If the comic is half as good as the movie I should have started reading it a long time ago.
The depth and humanity of the characters makes them different from the stereotypical comic book heroes.
The plot deals with several interesting themes such as human nature, perceived reality, politics and the difference between ideology and reality.
The movie is set in an alternate reality in 1985, where vigilantes like Batman are real and once, were even sponsored by the goverment, but then outlawed by Nixon who in his third period on the oval office. The world is a brink of nuclear war, and a famous vigilante, the Comedian was killed, setting a great and coplex history in movement.
My favorite character is Rorschach, a detective like vigilante whose mask changes pattern from black to white ink dots.
He is very skillful and cunning, as well as a badass who delivers justice to criminals with great violence.
I took my mother to see this movie with me.
She says she enjoyed it, but I think it was a little hard to understand for her.
Homework.
I was born on San Jose, but now I live in Desamparados.
It isn’t a very big place.
However many people live there.
I think there aren’t any colleges but there are lots of high schools and primary schools.
Overall, there aren't many buildings.
There’s the Municipalidad de Desamparados and some bank agencies.
Also the town has a new mall.
I like to spend entire days in there, window shopping and eating on Antojitos.
My town also has nice parks and basketball courts were all the kids play happily.
One of those parks has a fountain.
And people gather there on Sundays, after church.
There are also bakery stores where to buy delicious fresh bread and milk for breakfast.
Before going to Desamparados, you have to pass near the Centro Comercial Del Sur, which has become a landmark of that area.
I went to the Colegio Vocacional Monseňor Sanabria, a nice place to learn where I had countless experiences.
I like to live there, because it is easy to get to San Jose and anywhere else.
I think is quiet enough, at least where I live.
My neighbors are very kind, nice and hard workers.
It is true that some parts of Desamparados are troublesome places, but is a good place to live anyway.
The Mighty Thor  (cartoon 1966)
I found something quite interesting on the internet today.
A video of the animated series of Marvel Super Heroes.
A chapter of the adventures of Mighty Thor.
I have seen it before, when I was a kid.
Of course, it was the spanish dub then, so its like a new experience to see it in its original language, english.
The animation is quite limited, in fact the animators used the original comics to create the animation.
Despite its tecnical flaws and poor animation, I still think it is very cool.
The elemtents of fantasy and action and the narrative is quite epic as only comics can be.
Most of the characters are comic versions of mitological norse gods and their manner of speech is fantastic.
I like their speech very much, but sometimes I just dont get what are they saying like:
Odin: "Silence!
the thunder god´s word is his bond"
Thor: "I shall return to Asgard to endure the trial of the gods"
Odin: "So be it(¿?)"
I find the use of such words and expresions facinating, but, guess I´ll sound dumb if i use them......
Lets try!
Today I joined lang-8.
I saw a video on YouTube about this site, and I thought it would be fun, and a chance to improve my English and learn a little Japanese.
MY VACATIONS 2
Hello, Mother!.
I´m fine.
I´m at a beach in Cancun with my girlfriend and her family.
I forgot some clothes, but I bought some things for travel, like canned food, a swimsuit and a suitcase to carry things that I bought here.
I´m very happy, It´s more fun here than in Veracruz although more expensive because the people try to sell the clothes and the food at a higher price than other places.
The fish is very expensive, but delicious.
I promise I will visit you in two months, but I need some money first. Could you lend me the money? You could also say: I would very much appreciate it if you would lend me the money.
I spend all my cash on a hotel and on tickets fot a parachute jump.
PLEASE understand my situation.
Well, I miss you very much and remember that I love you.
SEE YOU SOON.
Thank you for the first correction.
MY VACATIONS 
TO: My Mother
FROM: Eduardo
Hello, Mother! I'm fine. I'm at a beach in Cancun with my girlfriend and her family.
I forgot some clothes, but I bought some things for travel, like canned food, a swimsuit and suitcases to carry things that I bought here.
I'm very happy. (Although more expensive), it's more fun here than in Veracruz because the people try to sell the clothes and the food at a higher price than other places. The fish is very expensive, but delicious.
I promise I will visit in two months, but first I need some money.
Socould you lend me money? I spend all my cash on a hotel and on tickets for a parachute jump.
PLEASE understand my situation.
Well, I miss you very much, and remember that I love you, OK?
SEE YOU SOON.
homework
If I had not studied medicine I probably would have loved to be a fighter or boxer would be the best in the world would win many championships throughout the world, could travel around the world and have a lot of money cars and many homes, do parties and would meet many famous people
If I were not serious fighter  I could be a pilot I would have loved that too, flying through the skies and stunts to be the best driver in the world, fly in a jet and jump many times in a parachute I think that I should have done that would be very happy whenever I had  curious to fly through the heavens and be like an adventurer, be like a globetrotter and know the world, be a hunter in africa and help people like the che jaja but someday I will.
New Baby
Hell yeah I got a new toy today...
Its a laptop mini, an Acer and I love her...
She is so cute and little...
I'm just having problems getting used to the keyboard but aside of that Im in love with her...
My mom gave it to me because she is upset by the fact that I use hers to write my stories and such so she came and said: "I hope you like it, now you can leave mine alone" XD It was so much fun...
and I already give her a name: Samantha...
In other pointless things right now Im reading Twilight saga...
I still hate it with a burning passion but I decided that I can't burn it if I haven't read it first but I have to be honest with you...
I still dislike the story...
What a shame because Meyer got a few good characters there...
Jacob Black...
cof but I'll still finish it just for the hell of it.
me again XD
Well...
It has been so long time since I wrote here...
It has been such a long time since I last wrote here... Or, "It has been so long since..."
My Korean is bad because I can´t study right because of other classes, now I feel so bad...
Probably I´ll fall ill and I had bought a CD from one of my favorites groups and it hasn't come yet, I want JYJ to come to my country but it´s impossible.
I'll probably get sick. I bought a CD of one of my favorite groups and it hasn't come yet. I want JYJ to come to my country, but it´s impossible.
^^
I am just keeping the faith...
I am a DBSK /JYJ/ Homin fan...
I will always be a DBSK /JYJ/ Homin fan.
eternally.
Dreaming
I was dreaming just some hours ago about being in a water roller coaster style park!!!
It was so much fun.
There were different games, from roller coasters to water rides.
I finally got dizzy of so much movement. "I got really dizzy from so much movement"
and then I woke up; Had a great breakfast at subway with my love and now I'm back home.
I had dreamt before about that park, but the new ride was insane!
Sadly, I couldn't ride it because I woke up!
but I was in the line just about to get to it.
It's funny how dreams can be related and interconnected; mixing reality t with completely different and unusual logical interrelations.
Sometimes I dream about something and then I realize that I dreamt about it because I saw it on TV or someone spoke to me about this other thing and in my dream they appeared mixing in something fantastic and in a way that I have never thought about it.
Well was a fun dream this night!
My first entry in Lang-8
Hello everybody.
I sign up in this site because i want to improve my english.
I think that my english isn't so bad, but it's hard to me listen, for example, a english movie.
I can read and understand texts in english, even I have studied from english books.
I am not accustomed to write in english, so my writing isn't the best.
greetings.
hello
good evening my name is adriana; I from Bogota,Colombia I am student`s moderns languages in the ECCI university; 0 I like the music, I would like interact with other people, and so practice my english because is dificult for me please tell me if this paragraph is good thank you for your help.
mi hija
mi hija no sabia cual es la parte de adelante de su falda y enseniandome su
falda me pregunta:
cual es la parte de adelante?
My daugther didn't know which was the front part of her skirt, and showing me her skirt she asked me:
which is the front?
learning english
pd:mi teclado no tiene tildes ni la letra con que se
escribe Espana.
alguien me podria traducir lo siguiente:
Hola amigo, definitivamente me gustaria algun dia
visitar Filipinas,
este anio hay en Okinawa el Uchinanchu Taikai,donde
se reunen los descendientes okinawenses de todo el
mundo, no te animas a visitar?
Castellers
Have you ever heard about the "Castellers"?
This is something very typical in Catalonia.
Catalonia is a region in the north-east of Spain and the Castellers are originally from the south of this region, Tarragona.
Human towers are made with individuals that are sometimes overweight or slim.
Human towers are made with people who are sometimes overweight or slim.
These groups of people compete and they train very hard during the year to get the perfect and tallest tower.
They are very competitive.
The Castellers are so popular that they are usually present at all the festivals.
They are sometimes so tall that they can reach 9 floors.
It's incredible.
Something very cute is the last part of this display.
There's always a kid who climbs up the tower and stands at the top of it and puts his/her hand up.
It's worth seeing. ;)
Hello, everybody!!
Hello, today, I was busy at work. I have some days free though, which I spend on my writing. I have now gotten home and I'm tired. I'm going to take a shower and then go to sleep.
Good Evening, everybody!
This Saturday I'm going to dance in Nagoya with my friends! The Salsa night club, is called Koko Dance.  I was there by 5pm already, and it was very good! It was a nice night, but the club closed too early: 3am. It was a problem for there was no train. We waited till the 5am train arrived, but we still enjoyed ourselves.
I am Zancudo
I am searching new friends I found new freinds
Hello to all friends!!I am Zancudo, It is nice to meet you!! I am searching new friends to communicate and exchange messages with me, will you write and talk to me in Spanish? write me!!
I have not seem them long ago
My first day of classes. Today I met a few friends.They are very good people and are fun. I like being friends with them. I believe that a person can show your friendship; that love you each feel is good.
Merry Christmas!!
Today.
december 24th.
I am ready to leave.
I going to toyohashi in train.
he is wait me,In the station toyohashi.
I am going to buy several things.
Sweet Bread,champagne,chocolate,milk,Beer etc.
we want to super!!.
Today is special day to me.
we are a group of people.
five persons.
ok!!!A hug Everybody!!.
Don't drink too much!!. もし「飲みすぎないでね」という意味なら。
Bye
Have a Happy Christmas!
Tomorrow,I will go to visit my friend.
We are going to cook turkey.
Turkey is delicious.
I would like to eat turkey for christmas.
Peruvians like to eat turkey for Christmas, along with sweet bread and chocolate milk.
We will also celebrate with champagne.
december 18
Today is thursday,I am in the computer all the day,I rest,now just I am study english for the computer but I learning a lot,I would like to learn more,I have friends for talking for telephone or for here in this pag lan-8,its very fun,i will like to travel for ee.
uu or england,its very great.
the life its very sweet.
I writing but I talk is my problem,my friends are japanese,have a great christmas.
javi
New Year!!
The Nagoya party was very fun with its dancing and drinks.
 
Many people from all over the world had attended, like the Japanese, Americans, Peruvians,Philippines,etc.
It have been japanese.
american,peruvian,phillipinen etc.
I danced all night.
Many drunken.
twelve o clock we drank champagne.
When the dance ended, I went to Mc Donalds; I was hungry.
I was out at 3am  and all night.
M.
It was cool.
The start of a good year!!
It is hot in winter!
Today, it is sunny in this winter.
It's a sunny winter day today.
I think I will go out for a  walk.
It is a nice day, so then I will go to the mall.
Saturday is usually a day of celebration for me; I would be meeting new people and drinking a few beers.
I think I will maybe go to Nagoya.
What do you do when you are free?
What do you do in your free time?
I do nothing; I am bored.
The Verbs
Now I am learning The Verbs.
Example Can,Must,Shall,May,Will Are Auxiliar verbs!!.
If Somebody could explain me.
What mean Can?.
What mean  must?.
What mean shall?.
What mean will?.
What mean way?.
Good evening
hello.
i am peruvian,i am in japan eight years.
i know a little the culture japanese and i speak a little lenguage japanese but i would like speak lenguage english,if somebody could help me
It's Cold In Japan
Now It's cold.
Tomorrow I will go to Nagoya.
With several friends.
 We will enjoy some Salsa Dancing.
We are Five people.
Men only.
I will hope to have a great night.
nagoya have several pleace for enjoy.
But the night is cold.
I love dance Salsa.
nagoya come on.
It's very fun.
Hello!! im new in this site!!!
This is my first day on Lang 8, I hope someone can help me, to practise English, at this moment I'm cheating with Google translator, but i hope not to do it anymore.
Hi, everybody.
Hi.
I'm just trying out this page.
Regards,
Family's Letter or A Letter to My Family
HI, 
Well, I don't know what's going on with myself, but I just wanna tell you that in five days I'm going to travel to Puerto Vallarta.I decided to take this vacation because I just want toget out of this state for a little while, but you should know that I will be fine and I will come back when I feel better.
About my little tripto Puerto Vallarta, I will stay with a friend&nbsp;at his house, and then I will&nbsp;go some places near Puerto Vallarta.
Remember that I will contact you.
Regards,
I'm going to take English classes.
I'm going to take English in Guadalajara tomorrow.
I'm going to take an English class in Guadalajara tomorrow .
I'm excited and nervous because I have not gone in a long time.
I hope I do well.
Writing an email
Dear Bob.
Thank you for sending your message the other day.
I really was busy but I'd like to solve your troubles and dubs.
First, you were asking me about the PC.
You must connect pin number 1 with serial pin number 5.
This point is very unusual but you'll see the changes.
When the PC turns on, you'll see a black screen in front of you, but don't worry about that, it'll disappear in 10 seconds.
I'm here to help you anyway.
You can call me too.
See you !
Regards.
I´m in Barcelona with a friend for five days.
We went to a concert by a Japanese singer, "Miyavi".
I liked it so much.
It was a great concert.
He´s incredible!!!
I hope to write more, but I´m very busy now.
I´m very busy with my job but i´m trying study hard.
I´m very busy with my job but i´m trying to study hard.
Must be constant.
I must be consistent. .
Please, help me and correct my mistakes ^_^
People seem sad when its a rainy day but I like it so much cause I feel that everything around me is cleanning (^_^)
It's really relaxing...
but lightning would not relax me!
Trip to Cádiz
Hello to everyone.
I´m really busy these days so I haven´t time to write on here as often as before. You usually do things "on" the internet, so instead of using "in" like "write in my diary," you should use "on," because it's the internet. ^^ You can also say, "...I haven't had time to write on here so often," and omit "than before."
I´ll go to Cádiz next March. If you mean March 2011, you should say, "this March." If you mean March 2012, then "next March" is appropriate.
I and my friends will spend 7 days there. Or "Me and my friends will be there for 7 days." Also, in formal English, usually the speaker puts him or herself last, as in, "My friends and me." This is a good grammar check, because now you see that if you omit "my friends," "me" is incorrect, because you're left with, "Me will be there for 7 days," so you see you need to use "I" instead. ^^ Does that make sense?
I'm looking forward to this trip.
This new year I will have too much work and might not get any holidays.
That is why I NEED to take a break before the hardest part of my job comes. I think this is what you meant, but I'm not completely sure. ^^;
(^_^) 
You can see a few photos of Cádiz. Or "you can check out a few photos of Cadiz."
I think it is a nice place to stay and enjoy.
Would you like to join me??
hahaha Anyway, I will tell you how my trip was on Lang-8. 
See you and have a nice week!
Felicitando en Lang
Hola a todos.
Hello everyone
How are you?
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
I wish to begin the year with a lot of energy and more luck
Lucky for all
It´s Carnival time.
It´s so fun.
People use singular costume and go out into the street.
Everyone jokes and dancing until the next morning.
There are girls wearing big and beautiful dresses.
Return to Normality 
I had a wonderful time in Barcelona.
It was great!
I must to return to normality now. (The pronoun "I" should always be capitalized. Also, you should never start a sentence with the word "but". If you want to use the word "but" you can say the following: "It was great, but I must return to reality now." or "It was great; however, I must now return to normal now.")
I don´t like to do the same every day.
I feel like a robot.
So when something interesting happens I enjoy it so much.
For example, when I came home yesterday, I saw a man leave his house.
This may seem totally normal to you, but the man was in his underwear.
I moved this to the sentence above.
It was very cold outside!
I thought "What´s the matter with him??" It was funny.
If I could, I would like to spend time each day doing something different.
I think that small things make life more fun, interesting and unique.
Some exercises from exams
I'm reading some English exams from last years, and I'm trying to do the exercises, please, correct my sentences.
Exercise 1
1.
If by any chances he complains, tell him I asked you to do it.
2.
If I sell my car, I don't think I'd get much money for it.
3.
If Mary had known his number she would have called him, but she didn't.
4.
If your husband was hungry yesterday, he would have eaten something.
5.
If you do more exercise, you'll probably feel much better.
6.
If your cousin had known you were in hospital last week, he would had gone to visit you.
7.
If you buy new clothes, you'll be more attractive, but however you are so stubborn!
8.
Do you really think I felt like walking?
I have any money, then obviously I would take a taxi home.
9.
If you didn't live so  far away, we would visit you more often.
10.
If you aren't being careful, your car would break down soon.
Cuenca in a Japanesse animation.
Last weekend a friend told me he saw Cuenca in an anime.
I was interested in it because I was born in and also studied in that town.
So, I searched Google for it, and I found it yesterday.
The story takes place in a fictional city, but the author was inspired by Cuenca and Alarcón, a village near mine, to draw the city and the castle.
You can watch in the video SanPablo's bridge, and the "Casas Colgadas".
I'm very excited with this discovery and I'm sure I'm going to watch the anime.
My job
I am a telecomunications engineer, and I am working at a spanish maker of digital home appliances (I'm not sure if the correct expression is "digital home", in Spanish is "domótica").
I work as a telecomunications engineer, and currently I'm in a spanish manufacturer of digital home products
I work at the software engineering department as a programmer.
I work in the software engineer department as a programmer.
I am in charge of programing and project management for the products,which includes testing them and fixing them when errors are discovered.
Sometimes, when I have to run automatic sequences of testing, it is a little boring.
Sometimes, when I have to run automatic sequence testing, it can be a little boring.
But I actually like my job, and I am happy because everyday I have more responsibilities.
Despite the tedious activities, I actually like my job, and I am happy because everyday I have more responsibilities.
I'm happy! 
I'm very happy, well...
I used to be a happy girl, but last Thursday I did my first exam for this year at university, and I think I did very well.
I hope I pass it with a good mark.
We also celebrated "Japan Weekend" in Madrid last weekend. - Feels more natural like that
Itwas an event about Japanesse culture, mainly manga, anime and videogames. - The event is now finished right? So it's in the past tense. Though is is fine...
I went with my friends, all of us dressed up with black suits, as a mafia family from the manga 'Katekayo Hitman Reborn'.
It was funny, we took a lot of photos.
I also saw a lot of other friends that I only see in these types of events, and I found a figure of Zidane, from the videogame Dissidia, which was cheaper than I have seen in shops, so I bought it for my collection
Later the same day, I came back to Toledo to celebrate the Carnival with a coworker and her friend.
I improvised a school girl costume with some clothes I have, andwe went to a party in the city.
I was surprised by how many people there were in the streets and pubs that night!
But the party hasn't finished for me yet, next weekend Carnival is going to be celebrated in my village, so I hope to have more fun there!
St. Innocents
Today in Spain is the St.
Innocents Day (Día de los Santos Inocentes).
It commemorates the day when King Herod ordered to kill all of the babies who were less than 2 years old in order to get rid of Jesus of Nazareth.
In addition to that, we make practical jokes on other people, and also we can watch false news in the media (TV, newspaper, radio...).
A common joke is to put a paper doll, like the one in the picture, on one person's back without he/she noticing.
We call these jokes on this day "inocentadas".
I hope today I do not become one of the victims of somebodies joke.
Medical examination
This morning I had my annual medical examination.
I know they are neccesary, but I hate them, especially because they have to draw blood from me.
Drawing blood is always hell for me.
The veins are deep in my arms, so it is difficult, or impossible, to find them.
This time, the nurse pricked me with the needle in both arms
I want to say "me pinchó con la aguja en los dos brazos"), and she removed it to find a vein with no result.
Finally, drew very little blood.
Otherwise, at the moment I have a big pain in my right arm and I can't move it much.
So, it hurts me a lot when I take the mouse or I move it, but I am working, therefore I have to bear it.
I hope I don't need more blood tests until next year!
Friendship
The first topic of Unit 1 in my English book is about relationships, and one of the exercises is to talk about friendship, and if you have a "best friend".
Unit 1of my english book is about relationships, and one of the exercises is to talk about friends and if you have a "best friend".
I have a lot of friends, and I always like to see them when I can.
I have a lot of friends, and I like to see them as much as I can. Si te quieres referir a siempre que, ejemplo: me gusta ver a mis amigos SIEMPRE que pueda. la expresión correcta es as much as i can"
But I only consider a few of them to be "true friends." As it turns out that these friends live far away and I don't see them so much, or I only talk with them by Skype or email.
Therefore, I know I can always trust in them.
At the moment, I have two best friends.
María is a childhood friend. She lives in the village I grew up in, and we have known each other since we were 3 or 4 years old.
We usually talk by phone or email because I only go to the village once or twice a month to spend the weekend, and because of her work, she can never visit me where I live.
Zely is like a sister to me.
I met her five years ago in a book forum on the internet, and we soon started a strong friendship. We have a lot in common.
We don't talk as much as I would like because she studies and lives in a different town from where I live. It is more difficult to see each other, so we talk by Skype as often as we can.
2009 ends
In less than 9 hours, 2009 ends.
Now, I am taking a look back on the year
In January, I thought that this year was going to be the worst year of my life; for some personal reasons.
But in the next months, my whole life changed, now I am living in a new town, Toledo.
Even though it isn't like Madrid, and I love Madrid, it is a beautiful old city; It is so quiet and comfortable to live, and I can go to Madrid whenever I want because it's so close.
I also have a new job that I like so much.
I've meet a lot of new amazing people and had a good time with them. 
And I have so many plans for 2010 like: trips with friends, interesting cosplay groups, a new degree in Mathematics...
I think this has been a very good year, and I hope next year will be even better. 
Happy new year!
Mobile phones
This is an exercise from my English book.
This is an exercise from my English Student's book.
I've decided to do all my writing exercises here.
I've decided to write all of my exercises here.
I'm sorry if this one is too long!
Importance of mobile phones for young people:
Importance of mobile phones for young people:
I am surprised by the dependence of young people on mobile phones.
I am surprised by the dependence of young people on mobile phones.
I can see it very clearly in my fifteen-year-old cousin.
I can see it very clearly with my fifteen-year-old cousin.
She is always on her mobile phone, listening to music, taking photos, and texting …do you have any word for when you call someone but you hang up before they can answer?
She is always on her mobile, listening to music, taking photos, typing messages and …do you have any word for when you call someone, but you hang up before they can answer?
In Spain, it is called a “toque” (touch?) or “perdida/llamada perdida” (lost call?).
Of course, she hasn’t gotten good marks in her classes, because she is more worried about having a beautiful mobile phonewith the latest music, knowing what her friend is doing at the moment, and how she looks when she takes a photo with her mobile camera in front of the mirror to upload it to a social network. 
Unfortunately, she doesn't get good grades in her classes because she is more worried about having a up-to-date mobile with the latest music, knowing what her friend is doing at the moment, and seeing how she looks when she takes a picture with her mobile camera in front of the mirror to upload it to a social network.
And, when I ask her why she does such things, she always answers me: Because everybody does it!
And, when I ask her why she does such things, she always answers me with: "Because everybody does it!"
Moreover, I can see that young people feel isolated if they don’t have a mobile phone to keep in touch with other people.
That’s a pity!
I remember when I hadn’t gotten a mobile yet and my friends and I went to each other's houses to see each other.
I remember the time when I didn't have a mobile: my friends and I went to each other's house to see each other.
Those were true relationships!
Those were true relationships!
How do you think mobile phones will change in the next 5 years?
First mobiles where very big, then every company tried to make smaller mobile phones, so now you can find very small and slim ones.
However, with new mobiles there is a trend toward making them with a big touch screen and with a powerful OS that permits you install a lot of applications.
Also, if you have programming knowledge, you can develop your own application for your mobile.
Moreover, you are always connected to the Internet.
Because of this tendency, I think in the next few years we’ll have a mix between computers and mobile phones.
They will be a touch screen, bigger than the ones we have now, and they won’t only permit us to make calls or send messages, they will be our camera and our “mini-pc”.
It could be funny, but I’m not very interested in the new mobile phonetechnologies, and I am a telecommunications engineer.
However, I always prefer a smaller one with few gadgets because I only use it for making a few calls or to send some messages.
Noises
Everyday, we hear a lot of noise.
Normally, when I wake up, I can’t hear anything, because it is very early in the morning.
However, some days the only sound I can hear is the wind blowing loudly.
While I am at work, I can hear my co-workers speaking, whispering or laughing.
But when they all are quite, the only noise in the department is the typing of everyone's keyboards.
But when they all are quiet, the only noise in the department is all of us tapping on our keyboards.
And sometimes one of the telephones starts ringing.
When I am at home in the evening or night, if I pay attention I can hear a lot of noises.
The washing machine whirring in the kitchen… or in my neighbor’s kitchen.
The swish of the water through the radiator.
Online Radio
I usually listen to music or the radio while I am working.
If I am doing something that needs attention and I have to be concentrated on it, I prefer to listen to music because it doesn't distract me.
On the other hand, if I am only running test sequences or filling in documentation, which it is very automatic and boring, I like listen to some radio programs.
In order to make the most of this time, I've decided to listen English programs to improve my listening, so I would be glad if you could recommend a good online English radio program. 
Allergy
When I was a baby, I had an allergic reaction to penicillin, so I've never taken any medication  with this component ever since.
Because that happened a long time ago, I decided to take the allergy tests to check if I'm still allergic to penicillin.
This morning, after five hours of tests in the Allergology Hospital and no reaction to the medicine even after having taken it twice, the doctor has determined  that I'm not allergic to penicillin.
I'm glad with the result, because it's a component very common in many antibiotics, and now if I'm ill I can take it with no worries.
Vacation
This year, just like last year, I have to take my vacations in August, because my company will close for three months.
This year, just like last year, I have to take my vacation in August because my company will close for three months.
I don't like to have vacations in August,I'd prefer that they were in September so that I could travel with my parents.
I don't like to have my vacation in August. I'd prefer that it to be in September so that I could travel with my parents.
Neither my parents nor my friends can take their vacations in August, so the only option I have is to stay in my boring village.
Neither my parents nor my friends can take their vacations in August, so the only option I have is to stay in my boring village.
However, this summer I am planning togo abroad for an English course.
However, this summer I am planning to go abroad for an English course.
I want to go to Canada for two or three weeks to study English, meet people, and visit the city (Toronto or Vancouver...
I haven't decide yet which of them to choose...)
I haven't decided yet which one of them to choose...)
These days I am looking for courses and I want to make a decision in a couple of weeks.
These days I am looking for courses. I want to make a decision in a couple of weeks.
It would be the first time that I am going for a foreign country alone and formore than a weekend!
It would be my first time going to a foreign country alone and for more than a weekend!
(I accept recommendations for places or courses :D )
(I accept recommendations for places or courses. :D )
Cosplays for this year
I love to dress up as manga, anime or videogames characters.
So, I used to go dressed up as a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid about comic, manganime or japanese culture with my friends.
So, my friends and I would go dressed up with a cosplay (costume play) to the events celebrated in Madrid for comics, manga/anime or Japanese culture.
For this year I have two projects for two cosplay groups and I am very excited about them.
For this year I have two projects with two different cosplay groups; I am very excited with both of them.
The first one is a Sailor Mercury costume.
I have loved this character since I was a child, but I had never found people for a group until now, and I didn't want to go alone.
I loved this character ever since I was a child, but I had never found people for a group until now, and I didn't want to go alone.
The second is the most difficult costume I want to make.
The second will be the most difficult costume that I want to make.
My friends and I are preparing a Final Fantasy Dissidia group, I am going to dress up as Zidane.
This character is a boy, so I am going to have to do something to hide my breasts!
But he is my favorite character in the game, and I want to take part in a perfomance at the Expomanga Cosplay competition with them.
I am worried because I don't know how to sew, so I am going to need a lot of help, but I want to try and do my best.
However, Zidane's swords are going to be made by a friend who is an artist and works with such things.
However, Zidane's swords are going to be made by a friend who is an artist with these sort of things.
I have seen other swords he has made before and they are amazing!
At this moment, I have only started searching wigs on ebay.
At this moment, I have just started searching for wigs on Ebay.
I have found some that are perfect for both cosplays, so I am going to buy them in a few days.
Uff, when I think all things I have to learn and make in the next months, they stress me out!
Uff, when I think of all the things I have to learn and make in the upcoming months, they really stress me out!
Listening Vaughan Radio
This morning I started to listen to Vaughan Radio. orThis morning I've started listening to Vaughan Radio.
The programs offered by this radio station are only English classes for Spanish people.
They only speak in English with occasional explanations in Spanish.
I am surprised because I clearly understand what they are talking about. .
I am also happy because it is Friday and the weekend starts now, so I don't have to go to work.
Despite this, I have to study because I start my university exams in two weeks.
Therefore, I like a lot what I am studying.
I am only going to have a break to check out all of the sales.
I want to see a friend and buy a jumper.
I'm get a cold.
Today I am feeling very sick.
I think I caught a cold last weekend.
Yesterday I started feeling bad, but today it is worse.
Despite of this, I've came to work, and this evening my best friend is going to visit me, because she's come back to Spain from Zurich for the Christmas holidays.
Tomorrow early in the morning I have to drive 2 hours to come back home to spend Christmas Night with family and frinds.
This minds party...
a big party!
I'm going to be in bed all Friday and Saturday if I don't  die before then!
Don't know what to write...
I've just noticed that I haven't written since last year.
I want to write everyday, but sometimes I don't know what to write. Other times, when I start to write, I don't know how to say something and I don't finish it.
I want to write everyday, but sometimes I don't know what to write. Other days, when I start to write, I find it difficult because I don't know how to say something and I don't finish it.
I think I need to study more and learn more vocabulary.
I think I need to study more and learn more vocabulary.
I usually watch films and series in English with subtitles.
I usually watch films and series in English with subtitles.
Now I am watching Lost, and I think I could understand most of it without subs.
Now I am watching the series entitled "Lost" and I think I can understand for the most part without the subtitles.
I am tired, so I am going to have dinner and watch one Lost episode before I go to bed.
I am tired, so I am going to dinner and then I will watch one episode of "Lost" before go to bed.
It is so interesting!
I have one question though, what is it the difference between a "town" and a "city"?
I also have one question, what is it the difference between "town" and "city"?
Three Wise Men
Three Wise Men
The Three Wise Men Day is celebrated on the 6th of January.
It commemorates the day the Three Wise Men arrived in Bethlehem to bring Jesus gold, incense and myrrh.
In Spain, on the evening before the Three Wise Men Day, a procession of the Three Wise Man is held and parents would bring their children with them to watch the procession .
In Spain, on the evening before Three Wise Men Day, there is a procession of the Three Wise Men that parents bring their children go to see .
 Traditionally, children would go to bed early on this night , and when they wake up the next day they would find gifts that the Three Wise Men brought them.
Traditionally, children go to bed early that night and upon waking up the next day they would find the gifts that the Three Wise Men had brought them.
I have always liked this day, and it also happens to be my grandmother's birthday, and she would always invite the whole family to have lunch in her house.
I have always liked this day, and it also happens to be my grandmother's birthday, and she always invites the whole family to have lunch at her house.
She would always cook paella, which is the best paella in the world!
She always cooks paella, the best paella in the world!
But I have to work on this day this year , so I can not return to my town.
But this year I have to work on this day, so I cannot returnto my home town.
I'm a little sad because of that.
I'm a little sad because that.
However, tonight I am going to have dinner with my coworkers and afterwards we are going to party.
However, tonight I am going to have dinner with my coworkers and afterwardswe are going to have a party.
I hope that I'll have fun on Wise Men Night.
I hope to have a fun Wise Men Night.
Trying
Just trying to write some words.Or - Just trying to write something.
Just trying to write something .
Sometimes I think I'll never learn English.
It`'s so difficult for me to understand .
It`'s so difficult to understand for me.
I only understand English when the person speaking to me looks me in the eyes.
I can only understand English when the speaker looks me in the eyes.
I don't know why.
The more I study
The more I study, the more I think I know nothing.
The more I study,the more I realizeI know nothing.
I love grammar, I love all those thick grammar books .
I love all those wide books on grammar.
When I lived in London I used to spend many hours in bookshops reading books on grammar.
Before coming back to Spain, I bought the book "Practical English Usage."
Before coming back to Spain, I bought a book on Practical English Usage.
I think one of my best purchases.
I think it was one of my best buys.
Cherry Pudding
Last week, I bought Cherry Pudding at a store in Chicago.
After that, when I was walking to my house, a dog bit my leg.
Actually, I onlyl have one leg.
That's just an example sentence, I don't actually have one leg only.
my opinion about a danish tale "The princess of the coffin"
guys i will be thankfull if you can help me with this writting.
I've just read the danish tale "The princess of the coffin".
It is a different way to view a tale.
This tale is nothing compared with the occidental classic literature, maybe because those tales is about danish folklore.
The author is unknown but a certain fact is that tale was told from generation to generation.
"The princess of the coffin" is rich in descriptions and easy to read.
It has a beautiful content in subtle descriptions and behaviors of the characters.
I love the way the history is told.
It is a mixture of mistery, fantasy and rarity.
Profile Ingles
Hello!!
My name is Ruben, I'm from spain, I like learning languages so much, nowadays I am studing Japanese and improving my English.
I would like to meet a lot of people from many countries.
I love travelling around the whole world.
If you want to learn spanish, I can help you.
Write me soon :D
This is my diary
Well this moment I am receiving English classes I would like to improve my English, because this way I will possibly pass the exam.
That is all.
high capacity
In my didactic unit I am going to talk about a student with high capacity and the best way to integrate him in the class by giving him reinforcement materials or by tutoring other students.
He doesn´t need curricular adaptation, he only needs to work in his field of interest.
Hello everyone
Hello everyone
My name is Alberto.
I'm twenty seven years old and I 'm from Spain.
I would like to learn Ｅnglish because it is a very interesting and useful idiom.
I hope that you can help me and if anyone needs help with Spanish, I can help with any questions you have.
See you later!
THE LEGACY OF MY MATERNAL GRANDFATHER.
I have always wanted to know my maternal grandfather.
I have always wanted to know about my maternal grandfather.
I always wanted to know my maternal grandfather.
Only I have some paintings of his.
I only have some paintings of his.
I have some of his paintings .
He must have been a great painter besides a great father.
He must have been a great painter, as well as a great father.
He must have been a great painter besides being a great father.
My mom told me about him. She said me that my grandfather must have loved me, but when I was a little baby my grandfather died of heart attack.
My mom told me about him. She told me that my grandfather must have loved me, but when I was a little baby my grandfather died of heart attack.
My mom told me about him,  She told me that my grand father loved me. Unfortunately, when I was a little baby my grandfather died of a heart attack.
Now, imagine that he might still be alive.
At times I wish that he would still be living.
If he smoked a little less, it could have made the difference.
If he might have smoked a little less,it might have made a difference.
It doesn't matter now. Maybe his death will be a legacy for my life.
It doesn´t matter now, it may be that his legacy to me is his life.
In spite of all, we may have had a very good relationship.
If he had lived longer, I know that we would have had a very good relationship.
He might have taught me to paint beautiful paintings as he did, while we both drank coffee together.
He might have taught to me to paint beautiful paintings as he was able to do.  Together we would both have a cup of coffee as we painted.
I imagine that my grandfather had a lot of patience for painting and therefore might have been patient enough to teach me.
I imagine that my grandfather had a lot of patience for painting.  I have no doubt that he would have the patience to teach me.
 I like drawing, maybe because my grandfather was also so artistic.
I like drawing, maybe because my grandfather also enjoyed it.
His paintings are relaxing and deep.
My brother Oswaldo also likes his paintings. We agree that our grandfather might have taught both of us to draw.
My brother, Oswaldo, also liked grandfather's paintings.  My brother probably would have learned to draw with me, as I'm sure he would agree.
My grandfather also was a good cook.
Also, my grandfather was a good cook.
He could prepare a lot of delicious meals.
He taught my mom and uncles to cook the food from many places in Mexico. When my grandfather was young, he was a cook in the marine forces where he must have learned to cook many different meals over his years and travel around the country.
He taught my mom and uncles to cook food from places such as Mexico.  When my grandfather was young, he was a cook in the marine forces.  There he learned to cook different meals during the years and over the distances he traveled around the country.
Curiously, I like to cook even though I'm not very good at it. I think that when my mother prepares a meal for my brothers and I, my grandfather must be with us in spirit.
Curiously, I also like to cook, even though I´m not very good.  I think that when my mother prepares a meal for me and for my brothers, my grandfather maybe present with us in spirit.
I think that my grandfather continues to live through his paintings and meals that my mom and uncles cook.
Finally, I think that my grandfather continues to live in his paintings and in the meals that he taught my mom and uncles to prepare..
He must feel proud of this,  I admire his life.
They think that I'm the youngest!!!!
Hello!
Today I went to the grocery with my mommy (I'm always with my mommy).
And the saleswoman said to us "so..
she is your youngest daughter?".
And my mommy said to her "No..
she is the eldest, she is 15 years old".
The saleswoman felt embarrased but she wasn't as embarrased as me.
I don't know why but everybody thinks that I'm young.
In the school the teachers say to me "Hey!
what are you doing here?
(in the high school area) Girl, go to your area please."..."Excuse me teacher, but I'm in high school, I'm in the first semester"..."What?
But...
you are so..
small?, Well sorry." 
I don't know why, I have classmates whom are more smaller than me and nobody gets confused with their age.
It's ok.
I like to confuse people xD.
I can get privileges.
For example, the salesman in the ice cream's shop sold to me first xD.
He says "Hey, first the little girl xD".
Or I can play games only for children and nobody will say "What an odd girl!" xD.
It's good.
But maybe it will not be in a few years.
Thanks for reading this weird thing.
Have a nice day.
Somebody help me please!!!! 0w0
Why?
Why doesn't anybody want to correct my entries?
Hello!
T_T I've been waiting all day!
(I know!
I'm a little dramatic!) but I have a little time to learn english well T_T because my classes start in fifteen days!!
I'm a little dramatic!) but I have too little time to improve my English T_T because my classes start in fifteen days!!
O__o And I'm a little nervous for high school!
O__o And I'm a little nervous because of high school!
It'll be my first semester.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day!
Good luck!
I'm Hungry!!! 0=( >_< )=0
It's too earlier and I'm hungry T__T.
In our refrigerator we don't have food prepared and I don't know how to cook.
I think I need to learn how to cook.
My mom doesn't let me learn because she thinks that I'll burn myself.
I'm a little distracted.
T_T I want food!
Something like scrambled eggs or fried eggs with rice (I love rice!) though fried eggs with rice were my last dinner.
But I'm hungry!!!
T_T I can't stop to think in food T_T and I don't wanna.
I would like some ice cream u.
u.
I hope my mom make for the breakfast some eggs with rice or with ham.
What do you want for breakfast?
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
Hello! Hello!!!! A lalalala ♫☺♪♫ ( >___<)
Lately, I hear the same song time after time.
I think that I started to be crazy or something like that.
In this weekend, from my computer I have lived many things (I'm not the kind of person who always go outside for take a ride).
For some strange reason I have a magnet of silly people.
(I hope that "silly" won't be a strong word).
My only friends, aren't my friends anymore.
We have different opinions.
Why can't I find someone like me?
Well, just a little?
Someone who accepts me as I am.
What is the problem with the youth today?
They only think the same things.
Are they born with instructions?
Or what is their problem?
(I'm generalizing just for the people who are around me).
I know I'm pretty weird because my parents have educated me with principles and values.
My parents told me that I have to respect myself first.
In other words, I'm not a liberal person.
At school, my classmates tell me that I think like a Grandmother and I'm fifteen years old.
I'm an old girl just because I want to study more.
They think that my life is something like "Less fun, more work".
That's not true!
I have fun.
It's just that I don't need alcohol or high music to have fun.
I enjoy the old music too.
The good music.
I enjoy learn(ing) a new word everyday.
I would like to travel.
I like to travel and visit museums or weird places.
I need to stop to writing.
Sorry, I get excited. 
Thanks for reading this entry
Have a nice day.
I love the radio!! o( >_< )0 
I love it because I can learn new things about the world.
I can hear the popular music, the news and some curiosities.
xD I love to listen to the radio at the night for two reasons.
There are two radio stations. On one of them the announcer speaks in English, and some times I can understand and others I have to investigate to figure out what she says.
There are two radio stations, on one of them the announcer speaks in English, and sometimes I can understand, but sometimes I have to investigate the things that are said.
The second reason I listen is for the music. The music played at night is in other languages like English or German. They also play 60's-90's music.
The second reason is for the music, the music in the night is in other languages, like English and German, and they play 60's-90's music.
I love that kind of music xD I don't know why, but I love it.
I'm listening a radio station called exa.
fm (it is on Internet too).
They are playing some weird music.
The weirdest part is that I'm singing along xD.
The weirdest thing is that I'm singing xD.
My family gives me odd looks when I sing.
My family watches me in a weird way when I sing.
It's ok.
My voice is awful.
And the for the better part of the time I can't pronounce the words but I do my best effort.
And the most part of time I can't pronounce the words, but I do my best.
I really want to learn.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
What kind of music do you like?
or What kind of music do you listen to?
or What kind of music do you listen to?
Can you answer that question?
The big challenge?
Hello!
I'm happy now!
I'm still sick but I'm happy.
I have a big challenge... well, not so big.
I will try to answer an English book of 130 pages in five days.
I have to translate the book too,
so this is gonna be interesting.
What am I gonna win from this?
Many things like personal satisfaction (I will feel more happy with myself), ice cream, and I will learn more.
I hope I can do my best!
And good luck for me!
Thanks for reading this odd entry.
I have a question: What is the difference between "odd" and "weird"?
When do I have to use them?
Have a nice day.
Tuesday, August 23rd, 2011 
I'll write all the things I did that day.
I woke up at 5:20 a.m.
When I start classes in a new school I get nervous, so I wake up early.
Next, I walked about 16 blocks to get to school.
Well, I arrived at school and I had to wait one hour.
I left my house at about 6:30 a.m. and I got there in thirty minutes by foot.
My brother and sisters have to get to school at 7 o'clock and I have to be there at 8 o'clock.
The first class I had was Informatique. My teacher was a woman.
In that first class, she told us all the classroom rules and gave us a diagnostic test.
The second class I had was Chemistry. I love chemistry, and in this class we had a woman teacher, too.
She told us about the greatest scientist of the 20th century.
The third class was the Redaction and Reading Workshop (taller), and the teacher (also a woman) told us an anecdote about her daughter.
She gave us a lesson on the Language Circuit.
The fourth class was Math. I love math, but the teacher is always tired and she treated us like elementary school children.
She is an old teacher.
The fifth class I had was TV Class, where we will learn about TV.
The sixth class was ethics and values.
The teachers gave us about 8 pieces of homework.
I know it's not much, but I have to walk so much and I get tired easily.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
-__- Hello!
September 16th
Tonight will be a crazyness or something like that.
Into a few hours will be September 16th.
A good date for mexican people ¿why?
Because tonight they will celebrate (I say "they" because I won't go) the independence of Mexico.
The independence of Mexico were about two hundred years ago, 1810 (eighty-ten) to be exactly.
So...
tonight the president will play the bell, make us to remember that important night.
Something weird...
Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.
I was lost (T^T)
I'm in a new city so I have to learn the names of the streets and avenues.
Today I went with my mommy to the mall.
It is near my house.
And we were lost just for for just a few minutes.
I was very scared because I'm afraid of the dogs.
There was so many dogs and I can saw a Dalmatian.
I love that kind of dogs they are so sweet and big.
My favorite race of dogs are "San Bernardo" (I don't know what is the name in English) These dogs are brown with white, and they are so big and tender.
There is a famous dog of this race his name is "Beethoven" (I know is a odd name for a dog).
This dog has 6 films.
The other race of dogs that I love are the "Golden".
I love big dogs but they scaring me!!!
Is something weird.
The good news, is that we found our home xD.
And I learned the name of three streets.
Hi! can you help me with my english?
Hello!
I found this page because I need to learn English, and because I have some problems in my English class so I'm looking for English courses.
I found this page because I need to learn English and I have some problems in my English class so I'm looking for English courses.
First, I don't know how to use this page, not long ago I found another page smart.
I don't know how to use this site and not long ago I found another site, smart.
fm , but now that page is for pay and I don't have money.
fm , but now you have to pay for that one and I don't have money.
So I'm desperate, somebody can give me an advice?
So I'm desperate. Can somebody give me advice?
please!?
Thanks for your attention.
Thanks for your time .
Have a nice day.
What's the meaning of
What is the meaning of "some orange noses"?
Thanks n.
n
I'm back *~* 
Hello!
It's 11:00 p.m here. For the last week I've been studying hard!
I'm trying my best!
For the last few days I've been having some trouble with my internet connection.
So I couldn't write anything here on Lang-8.
I really wanted to write but I couldn't.
It's okay, because now I'm here.
And I'm ready to write.
The only problem is that I don't know what to write exactly.
I have a question!!!
When should I use "opposite" and "in front of"?
I know it's a odd question, but I've been confused by an English book.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
Stuck in the middle!! (Atascada en el medio) 
I  have noticed that I have entries who nobody wants to correct.
Maybe I have so many mistakes.
Or people don't see them.
Anyway, thanks to the people who correct me and help me to better my English.
It's a little difficult for me to write things, specially in English because in my school I don't have adequate English education.
They are learning the alphabet right now and the days of the week.
I live in a place where the students say stuff like "I don't like English" or " English isn't important".
For me it is important because I want to learn it.
I want to do something good in my life.
I love  eyeglasses! 0=( >o_o<)=0
Hello!
I like the glasses!
Since I was a little girl.
I always told my mommy "Mommy!
mommy when I grow up I'll use glasses!
They are so cool!" ( I know I'm a little crazy xD).
And my mom just smiled me xD.
So, we have a good proverb (refrán) "Take care of that you wish because It can be realized".
And that proverb is so true!!!
xD Because now I use glasses!!!
My doctor said to me that I needed glasses xD because I have myopia in the left eye and I have astigmatism in the right eye.
She said (my doctor) I can use contact glasses but NO!
I hate the contact glasses.
Is just the idea of have something inside my eye makes me feel fear.(afraid?).
But I love the glasses, I was in the glasses' shop and I saw the most pretty eyeglasses xD
with a black shell!
I love it!
Do you like glasses?
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
To take a walk is healthy! (>__<)=d
Over now, I will walk more.
For two reasons.
The first one is because it's good for the health!
The second reason is because my new school is sixteen blocks from my house.
It's the nearest school.
And the supermaket is about 10 blocks over here.
So I will walk because I have to walk.
I didn't walk since one year.
I always went out to take a walk because I lived near from a park.
The botanical park was in front of my house.
But now I live in another city and the park is near from my house.
It is ten blocks from here.
(over here?) .
I was searching on Internet and I found the benefits of taking a walk.
There are many.
* It helps to control the weight.
* Improves blood circulation.
* Helps to avoid cardiac problems.
* Helps digestion.
* Acts as a hunger suppressor
* Maintains bone health and strength, helping to straighten them.
* Eliminates tensions and concerns.
* Prevents breathing problems.
* Deletes the fat.
* Tones the thigh, calf, and hip muscles.
* Improvement the peripheral vision.
* Increases the level of endorphins.
The endorphins are the natural soothing produced by the body.
* Promotes the system immunity.
* Helps growth.
Well, with those benefits of course I will walk more.
I want to grow!!
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
I'm gonna have lunch!
I'm happy again xD (I'm always happy xD well, except when nobody corrects me here T__T).
Hello!
Today i'm gonna eat flour "gorditas", the "gorditas" is a typical mexican food, it can be of corn (maíz) or it can be of flour.
There are different kinds of fillings inside the Gorditas
They are so yummy!
xD.
My mommy and I bought gorditas for the whole family.
We just bought some because we don't know if they have good tastes.
(For some strange reason I'm always with my mommy xD).
Well, we bought gorditas of beans, of cheese, of meat in red sauce, gorditas of meat in sauce green 0w0, of pressed chicharron and others 0w0.
I'm so hungry (I'm always hungry xD).
 We will also eat spaghetti with cheese (I love cheese too).
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
Good-Bye!
Here is 00:11 a.m. 
I'm tired and my eyes close down themselves.
T__T I'm happy that I'm on vacations so I can stay awake all the night but tonight I can't T_T I feel pretty tired!.
So I'll go to bed.
Good night to everybody!
Have a nice day tomorrow!
I'm gonna count sheeps!
God bless you!
Thanks for reading this entry oh and thanks for the correction.
Bye-bye
I got a new hair cut!!
I used to like long hair!
But I said to myself "Stop!
I hate how my hair looks!!
I will cut my hair!!" So I said to my mommy "Mommy!
mommy!
I don't like how it looks.
Come on!
Can you take me to a hairdresser, please?" and she said to me "Of course, I think I need a hair cut too".
So we went to the hairdresser and we got a hair cut.
My hair cut is a little weird.
It has little layers and it's still long.
But I will cut my bangs by myself.
I always make experiments with my bangs.
My hair cut make me looks like an emo u.
u xD
But I love it I feel better.
My self-esteem is better
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice night!
A nightmare ( > ^ <)!!!
I had a nightmare last night!
It was a little weird because my nightmare was in another language.
I dreamt that I was outside my house and someone hit a boy with his car (atropelló).
I dreamt that I was outside my house and someone ran over a boy with his car (atropelló).
The boy was about 16 to 20 years old.
The boy was hurt, he was bleeding.
The boy was hurt and he was bleeding.
So I got close to him and I pressed a convenient wad of cloth Αit's a dream after allΩ into the wound.
I got close to him and I pressed onto the wound.
To stop the bleeding.
To stop the bleeding.
Some people gathered around the scene & started to stare at us.
Some people started to stare.
So I said to them "Call an ambulance, please" but I said that in Spanish (this is the weirdest part of my nightmare).
I told them, "Call an ambulance, please," in Spanish. (this is the weirdest part of my nightmare).
No one understood me because they only spoke English.
Then the ambulance and the police came.
After the ambulance and the police came,
The ambulance loaded the boy into itself and carried him to the hospital. ΑWell now! An ambulance that can tend to injured people by itself... What a dream!Ω
they took the boy to the hospital.
But something was wrong!!
The police thought that I was a killer or something .
And they believed that I hurt the boy.吨
And they believed that I injured that boy.
So I told them what actually happened,
But they just spoke and spoke and spoke in English, they spoke so fast I could not understand them.
but they just kept talking and talking and talking in English. They spoke so fast.
I was so scared.
Fortunately, it was just a nightmare.
Lately, I have nightmares about foreign languages.
Lately, I have been having nightmares about foreign languages.
Thanks for reading this entry!
Have a nice day, and sweet dreams!!!
Today is a warm day (>_<) 
Waaaaa...
It is so warm here!!
It's so warm here
It is about 45°C or 113°F (I'm not good with conversions u.
It's about 45°C or 113°F ( I'm not good with the conversions u.
u).
Where I live it's one of the hottest places in Mexico, because I'm living near the desert.
I live in one of the hottest places in Mexico, because I live near the desert.
It's awful because I hate the sun (The sun is not my friend u.
u).
But I don't like cold places.
But I don't like the cold places either.
I prefer temperate weather, especially when it rains n.
n.
But, what can I do on this hot day?
But what can I do on a day this hot
There so many things that I can do like drink water with ice cubes or Coca-Cola with ice cubes (I love Coca-Cola). I can buy some ice cream (I want Oreo's ice cream!!!), or I can take a cold shower.
There are many things I could do like drink water with ice, coke-cola with ice (I love coke-cola), I could buy some ice cream (i want Oreo ice cream!!!), or I could also take a cold shower.
That's a good idea.
I want some fruit with hot sauce u.
u 
Well, thanks for reading this.
Well, thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day xD
I'm so happy! o=( >_< )=o
Hello!
Today I'm happy because my family and I found a new house.
In another city near to here.
I only saw the outside of the house, but it doesn't matter how it is inside because we can fix it.
This new house is near some high schools so maybe I'll have to walk at the school.
It's ok.
I love to take a walk.
The city is a little small and quiet.
I'm happy and a little worried because the classes will start on  August 15th.
I have a question for you:
When have I to use "little", "bit"  and "few"?
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have fun!
Don't Worry Be Happy! ♫♪♫♪ 0=( > o < )=o ♪♫♪♫♪♫♪ 
I was just sitting here opposite my computer and I remember a song.
That song made me feel happy in some way.⃍
Don't worry be happy.
I need to be positive.
Some people say; if you are a positive person, you will attract good luck.d
I believe in these kind of things because they make you happy.
Some benefits of being positive are:
* Allows to make the threats in opportunities.
* Brings serenity.
* Increases the physical-mental resistence and helps to increase courage in tragic situations.
* Increases self-esteem and the feeling of security in oneself.>
* Enriches relationships.
* The positive impulse
* These positive people are happier.
,Since the benefits of being positive are infinite
We have to stay happy and positive.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day !!
I'm sick!! 
I have a fever, cough and flu!!
I don't like to be sick.
I've been in this state for three days.
I have to drink an awful tea.
Oregano tea.
I hate it.
And I have to take a lot of pills.
And I love chocolate cookies.
I'm not active enough on Lang-8 at the moment.
Tomorrow I can't go to school.
I don't want to go tomorrow.
My nose hurts.
All my body hurts.
Can you give some advice for this situation?
It's only for practicing my English.
Yesterday I ate a lemon with sugar.
Also, I have a sore throat so I have to take something to lessen the inflammation in my throat.
Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.
I'm so HAPPY! :D
No one wants to read, correct, or comment my other entries
why?
why?
why?
I'm bored.
I feel so alone, and nobody wants to talk to me on facebook or on the messenger T_T.
Why?
I need some help with French
Hello!
I need some help with these phrases.
I want to translate them to the English but I don't know if I'm right or wrong.
Could you help me?
You are so nice.
Correct
I'm gonna make a diary! n.n
Hello!
I'm pretty tired.
I really wanna go to sleep. The couch is waiting for me.
Today I went to the stationery store and I bought a wonderful ecologic notebook and two drawing pencils.
My ecologic notebook is awesome for two things.
First, it's ecologic. That means that I'm an ecologic girl because I'm helping the planet.
Second, because this notebook says my name and my name is pretty unusual in my country. "Weird" is okay, too, but I assume that you mean it's hard to find your name on things that typically have names on them. In this case, I would say "rare" or "unusual".
I love it.
I bought two drawing pencils because my sister is an artist, well she loves to draw anime characters.
She's so good at drawing. My brother is too. I am the only one in my family who can't draw well.
After the stationery store my mom and I went to the chicken restaurant and we bought chicken for dinner.
The chicken was so small, so we had to buy enchiladas, rice and an avocado sauce. That sauce was so chilli.
I love avocado sauce.
In the afternoon I tried to study French, but I'm not good at it at all.
Today is another day, it's a special day: my brother's birthday, so I'm happy.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day!
Is there anybody home? ♪♪♪(>o<)♪ 
Hello!
I have been waiting all day xD
for somebody to help me with my previous entries.
I know that I have many problems in my entries
and I want to know what I have done wrong.
If I know what my errors are, then I can study them and get better.
The title is for two reasons.
I'm listening to a song which says "Is there anybody home?
Who wants to have me, just to love me?" I know it's a weird song.
And I really want to know if is there anybody home?
(with "home" I'm refering to Lang-8).
Truth be told, I feel a little lonely because everybody at home ( except for me) is sleeping.
I'm here listening to weird music and trying to write a entry.
Well, thank you so much for reading this entry and please, make a good action and see one of my previous entries.
Thanks and have a nice day.
Good Morning world!
How are you?
I hope you're fine.
I'm ready to start my day!
Here it is 06:12 am.
and I'm awake because I can't sleep anymore.
My back hurts xD because I've slept a lot so I need to go out for a walk, but I can't because it's too early and the sun isn't out yet.
So It's dark outside.
Everybody in my house is sleeping.
I need to keep quiet.
Today I'll do some things, my father will arrive at home soon and he'll take us for a trip in the city, we'll look for a house because we want to move out of here.
That part of the day will be so tiring, especially because I'm very sensitive.
And when my dad's car turns around I get dizzy.
After that, I will try to study a little more or maybe I'll not have the time to study.
Or maybe my dad won't come today.
In that case I will study hard and watch some t.
v.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
Double numbers at the clock!  ( u ^ u )
Have you ever seen your clock when it shows "12:12"?
People say that seeing these kind of numbers (double numbers) will bring you good luck!
Or maybe someone is thinking of you!
I don't know if this is true or false because I see that kind of numbers all the time!!
In the supermaket, in the car, in my computer, in everywhere!!!
xD 
Some people says that is something psycological I don't know but is funny!
I like to think that I'm gonna have luck or someone is thinking on me xD (althought I think that isn't good, some people I don't like me (no les caigo bien) ) But It's ok.
Is something positive.
For some strange reason I like to believe in weird things.
Thanks for reading this weird entry.
Have a nice day.
Some traslations: English to Spanish! ( >_<)
Woah!
Today I'm gonna make translations, just some because my understanding is not so good.
But I'm trying to see, ¿How can I do this?, because I only speak Spanish and a little English, and it's more usual that people know the English but the Spanish is a little different.
I hope you can help me.
1) Cynical  Seeing little or no good in other people, believing that people do good things for bad reasons.
2) Eccentric Having strange, unusual or abnormal habits or tastes; this term is less insulting than strange, weird or bizarre.
3) Egotistical Thinking too highly of oneself, considering oneself better than others.
4) Imaginative  Creative, having much imagination.
5) Indecisive  Unable to decide quickly, not knowing what choice to make
6) Picky Hard to please, too careful in choosing something.
7) Sensible Practical, reasonable, something that makes sense.
8) Sensitive Easily feels emotion, easily hurt emotionally can be positive or negative.
9) Sophisticated Representing high culture, very experienced in life.
10) Thoughtful Often doing things to make other people feel good.
Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.
I'm happy!!! o=(* - *)=o 
I'm happy!!!
o=(* - *)=o 
Today I'm very happy for two reasons.
The first reason is that it's August 13rd and this number is my lucky number.
First reason is that it is August 13th and this number is good luck for me.
The second reason is I'm in my new house (wiiii), we are trying to clean everything but the weather is so hot. Right now it's about 35°, the temperature is okay but we are moving the furniture, and we are unpacking (desempacando). Take care not to let your sentences get too long, it's called a "run-on sentence" and it's sloppy.
The second reason is that I'm in my new house (wiiii), we are trying to clean everything and the weather is so hot, it is about 35° right now, the temperature is okay but we are moving furniture , and we are unpacking (desempacando).
It's so hot here but it's fine because we are in a new house and today is gonna be a good day.
It is so hot here but it's fine because we are in a new house and today is gonna be a good day.
Our new house needs some adjustments and then it will be perfect.
Our new house needs some adjustments and it will be perfect.
Pon! pon! pon! pon! Yay! 0( >_<)=0 ------0=( *¬* )0
Hello!
I'm  happy but I don't know why.
I have a stomach pain, a sorethroat and a lot of cough.
I have a dog's cough (mexican expression).
It hurts T__T all my body hurts!!
But I still happy!
Yesterday have rained.
I love the rain!
It's awesome because just yesterday I said to a friend "If tonight is raining, tomorrow will be a good day" I said that because here is no common to rain (I'm in a kind of desert).
And maybe today will be a good day (oh my stomach!!!).
It really hurts.
Thanks for reading this short entry xD
Have a nice day.
Can you help me?
Hey!
What's the correct way of writing the following sentence?
"What time does the Anthropology museum close?
or What time does the Anthropology museum close?"
Thanks and have a nice day.
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.. ☻=( > v < )=☼ 
I'm so nervous but happy.
Tomorrow my classes will start.
My vacations are finished.
I'll start the high school, first semester.
I'm happy because I missed the school, the classes, my classmates' scream.
Tomorrow will be a busy day.
I need to look for the uniforms.
Search the books.
Make my homework and other things.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
Oh my sweet little sister ( <_<)o►
I'm a little bored.
My sister is sitting beside me. She is a little crazy (just like me) . I'm gonna introduce to you my little sister.
My sister's nickname is Suigintou, she likes anime , especially the dark characters.
She is 12 years old.
Her brithday is on December 11.
( At this moment she is crying because she can't believe that I remember her date of birth, the truth is that I only guessed the date ).
My sister is single, well, that is what everybody in my house believe but I'm not sure (she's so different to me and that's good).
My sister is a student in the junior high school.
What else can I say about her?
She likes to draw, she draws very well but she is a little lazy.
I have to admit that she will kill me when I end this entry.
She looks at me in an odd way like I am a serial murderer .
She's trying to learn English so she listens English music, specially metal music.
When she sings, she scared me because she doesn't pronounce any word , she just scream in a weird way.
Oh somebody come to save me please...
Right now, we are sharing the same computer.
I'm her music tutor, and she draws and sings Mika's song in a metal way.
Now she is laughing.
Thanks for reading this entry about my only sister.
We hope that you'll have a wonderful day!
I can't write anything (T^T)
I don't know why but in the last few days my mind is blank.
I can't write anything.
I tried to choose a subject to write about but I can't.
I really want to write something but I can't get any ideas .
Today my Internet connection is so slow.
I don't know why it is so slow.
I just know that I need to fix my computer
and try to write more in English.
I'm afraid of clowns  ( >_> )-------------(>o<)
Well, my fear started with the movie "Esso The Evil Clown" (I don't know the real name).
I was really scared when I watched the movie ( even though I saw the movie in the day).
That's the first reason, the second is because when I was a little girl (of seven years) my mother disguised me (me disfrazó) as a clown, with balloons and other things that I can't remember (or I can't write u.
u because It's something embarrassing).
I don't like clowns because I can't see their faces well
and their voice is a little weird.
They just freak me out.
T__T 
( T ^ T ) I'm so tired!
I wonder why I'm so tired!
( I wonder, why am I so tired?) 
Recently I have felt so tired.
All of my body hurts, especially my back and legs.
I don't want to sleep.
If I sleep I feel more tired.
I don't know why but every day I feel worse.
I've been taking some vitamins. They taste bad.
Before, I took vitamins for my bones xD.
I think I need to eat more n.
n
Maybe I will feel better tomorrow.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Cancer Horoscope!!!! 0( >_<)¬!!!!
Hello!
Well, I don't believe in these kinds of things for the most part.
But I want to learn more English and I have to write many things.
So today I'll write about my horoscope for today.
Well, I was born on July 12th so I'm cancer.
My horoscope for today says "Emotionally, you couldn’t have a better attitude, because you have so much confidence in yourself. You know what you have to do and you have taken the necessary steps toward making your dreams come true.
When people look at you they know that you know what are you doing, your advice always will be heard and you will be an example for other people.
At work, a bright day is waiting for you.
Everything will look like a magic act because you'll solve all your problems as if they were the easiest things in the world.
You will find solutions for the hardest problems, and you'll act with wisdom at just the right time.
As for your love, your relationship will get better.....
(seriously, my horoscope says awful things about love I don't want to write.
It's embarrassing)
Concerning health, you have a dose of pessimism.
This pessimism don't make you feel better.
Be more positive because it is hurting you.
WATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! glu glu glu (>_<)
I love water!!!
I love so many things xD!
Water purifies your body.
Water purifies your body and it is so good for you.
It's so good.
Water benefits are:
The benefits of water are:
* Facilitates the nutrients transport all over your body.
* Facilitates the transportation of nutrients throughout the body.
* Moisturizes the skin.
* Facilitates digestion!!
* Regulates body temperature.
* Increase the ability of concentration.
* Increase the ability to concentrate.
(You don't feel like a zombie in your work, study, or sports!!!:D)
* Improves kidney function.
* Prevents the risk of kidney stones.
* Increases your life expectancy.
* Increases life expectancy.
* Facilitates weight loss!!
(But I don't want to lose weight T_T)
Because the body is 70% water, the benefits of drinking water are incalculable.
Thanks for reading this weird entry.
Have a nice day and drink a lot of water!
 It is good for you xD!
Weird things....0 (=>_<=)0
Well, my life is not normal at all, just a little.
Today I read at the newspaper my horoscope (I don't believe in that kind of things) and I saw something awful.
My horoscope says "Today you will have a horrible traffic accident...
your health will be worse".
When I saw that I said to myself "Myself, What's the problem with this editorial?
Are they crazy or something like that?
They said that I will die!!!!!
(not exactly)".
That was so funny, because the horoscope must to say good things for the people, that will make to people buy the newspaper.
Also my horoscope says "You will lose your money".
Over now, I won't read the horoscope anymore.
That' really makes me laugh.
Have a nice day.
Thanks for reading this.
Short biography of Abraham Lincoln (Please I need your help!!)
During his term as president, he helped preserve The United States by defeating the Confederates States of America in the U.
S Civil War.
He introduced measures into the government, that resulted in the abolition of slavery.
Lincoln tight supervised the war's results until it .
In particular he supervised the selection of the best generals, including Ulysses S.
Grant.
Lincoln successfully mobilized the public opinion through his rhetoric and speeches.
After the end of the war, Lincoln established the reconstruction, trying to quickly bring the country together through a generous reconciliation policy.
His murder was in 1865.
We can find Lincoln's face on the pennies.
Thanks for the correction.
Is for my English homework.
Please...
Please, can somebody correct this entries, please (I sound like a little girl).
Thanks and have a nice day.
I'm hungry!!!! I want enchiladas!!!! l=( >////<)=0
I love enchiladas, especially with chocolate.
I love enchiladas especially with chocolate.
I also like spicy enchiladas.
I also spicy enchiladas.
I love to eat enchiladas with rice or salad.
I love to eat enchiladas with rice or salad.
Enchiladas are a Mexican plate.
The Enchiladas is a Mexican plate.
It is elaborate with a corn tortilla.
It can be filled by a variety of ingredients like chicken, turkey, beef, beans, cheese, and others.
It can be filled by a several variety of ingredients like chicken, turkey, beef, beans, cheese, and others.
I prefer enchiladas with chicken and cheese.
(I love cheese!!!).
The enchiladas are covered by a big variety of chili sauces.
They are so yummy.
Also I like to grill some cheese at the top.
In my family if, we ate enchiladas we also have to eat rice and a glass of coca-cola with ice cubes!!
In my family if we ate enchiladas we also have to eat rice and a glass of coca-cola with ice cubes!!
Well, now I have to go to have dinner.
Unfortunately I won't eat enchiladas, but I will eat something yummy.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day!
( /.<) Black and purple!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Black nails!
Hey!
How are you?
I hope you are fine.
I'm confused.
I'm happy, sad, angry and crazy xD.
I don't know why (well... I know. But I don't want to give the reason).
I like to paint my nail with dark colors like black and purple.
I like to paint my nail with dark colours like black and purple.
I just love it xD.
Black has become a popular color for nails.
Black nails have become popular.
I have been polishing my nails since I was 13.
I've painted my nails since I was 13
I do it because my mom introduced me to it and taught me to do it.
and I do it because my mom introduced me to do it,
But when I go to school I have to remove the polish.
 but when I go to school I have to remove the paint.
Well, actually.. I can go to my high school with make up and painted nails but I don't like to do it.
Not for the moment.
Thanks for reading this weird entry.
Have a nice day.
Hey!
I have a question: What is the difference between "stuff" and "things"? Ɫ"Stuff" & "things" mean the same thing; possessions. Ex: grab your stuff & and get moving. Let me just grab a few things & we can go. Ⱡ
When have I to use them? Ɫsee previous correction.Ⱡ
When do I to use them?
Hey!!! What's the big idea!!!! (>o<) !♪♪
Lately, I have listening MIKA's song.
I like his music because is a little weird (just like me).
My favorite songs of Mika are Love Today, I know is a weird song but I like it xD.
I like the song Stuck In The Middle, I think that this song is pretty.
But I love the songs Grace Kelly (french version) and Elle me dit(I think it's means "She told me" or something like that) My French is not good.
I would like to learn it.
Thanks for reading this entry and..
Why anybody reads my previous entries?
Have a nice day.
Jefferson's biography!!! Please I need help!!!
Thomas Jefferson was born in Shadwell, Virgina.
Thomas Jefferson was born in Shadwell, Virginia.
He was born on April 13, 1743.
He was born on April 13th 1743.
His parents, Peter Jefferson and Jane Randolph, were owners of a plantation called like their city.
His parents, Peter Jefferson and Jane Randolph, were owners of a plantation named after their city.
In 1752, Jefferson began school.
When he was nine years old, he began to study Latin, Classic Greek and French.
At nine years old, he started to study Latin, Classic Greek and French.
In 1757, when he was fourteen years old, his father died. As a result, he inherited about 5,000 acres of land.
In 1757, when he was fourteen years old, his father died, and thus he inherited about 5000 acres of land.
On this land, he build his residence called "Montilcello".
In these acres, he built his residence, called "Monticello".
Later, he entered to The College of William and Mary, where he graduated with honors in 1762.
Later, he entered the College of William and Mary, where he graduated with honors in 1762.
After , he studied right???) with the teacher George Wythe and began practicing advocacy in 1767.
After that, he studied law with the teacher George Wythe and he started to practice the law in 1767.
He was Continental Delegate of the Congress, Governor of Virginia, State Secretary, Vice President of the United States and President of the United States.
He was continental delegate of Congress, Governor of Virginia, state secretary, vice-president and president.
He then retired to his home state, where he died in July, 1826.
After this last post, he retired in his home state, where he died in July, 1826.
He died at the age of 83 .
He died at 83 years old.
Jefferson's face can now be found on the American nickel.
Jefferson's face is found on the nickel.
I love popcorn! ( /.n)
Yesterday at night, I saw a weird movie about a dog with superpowers.
Yesterday at night I watched a weird movie about a dog with super powers.
There wasn't anything interesting on TV, and I was with my brother and my sister.
On TV there wasn't nothing interesting and I was with my brother and my sister.
We ate popcorn with sauce.
I don't like the popcorn with sauce, but they like it.
I don't like popcorn with sauce but they like it.
I don't like movies where animals talk.
They freak me  out.
I prefer romance comedies . I never hear anyone say "comedy romance"; it's usually the other way around. If it helps you remember the order, I often hear people refer to romance comedies as "rom-coms."
They are funny and tender.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day!
I love rice!!!! Yummy!!! 0(>○<)o!!!
Today's a boring day!
No one wants to talk...
but that's not the subject.
Today's subject is "THE FOOD".
I love the food xD (Who dislikes?).
In the morning I don't have a breakfast u.
u.
I eat nothing in the mornings.
To the noon, I ate a lot of things xD i was very hungry.
Well, I ate a plate of rice with chicken's tacos (I don't know how to say "tacos" in English xD) and a little of spaguetti ( I love spaguetti).
I know it's a little weird eat spaguetti with rice xD but i love the soups / pasta.
I ordered the plate again and I drank a glaas of Coca-cola's and ate a lot of ice cubes.
I love Coca-cola!!
Well, I don't know what to write.
Thanks for reading this diary
Have a nice day.
Imaginary daily activities.  (±_±)
The routine, personally I don't like routines, but all live in a routine.
I don't want to do it but I must to do it.
My brother is a very active junior high school student.
This is what he usually does every day of the week:
From Monday to Friday, every weekday morning he wakes up at six thirty.
After five minutes he gets up and goes to the bathroom.
He takes a shower, brushes his teeth and combs his hair.
After that, he dresses. He usually wears a school uniform.
Next, he goes to school.
He studies from 7 a.
m to 2 p.m.
Then he comes back home.
He has dinner at 3 p.
m or 5 p.m. He does his homework all afternoon.
At night he plays guitar for one hour.
Then he takes a shower again.
Finally, he goes to sleep at 12 o'clock.
The same goes for the following days.
Thanks for reading this.
Please read my previews entries.
Have a nice day.
The several sports from my schools 
I'm talking in plural because I have gone to many schools (13 schools u.
u).
Well, in my physical education (P.E.) classes I have played so many games and sports.
One of those is American football for girls. It's pretty weird and I fell down so many times u.
u.
And my classmates were a little rude and they always hit me T_T.
Another sport is volleyball.
I love volleyball.
It's a great sport for me because I don't make physical contact with anyone.
And it's the only sport that I can play correctly.
My favorite sports are volleyball and basketball.
I'm not good at sports because I'm a small person like a flea T_T, and I have some problems with my legs (nothing serious).
I just get tired so fast T_T (Me canso rapidamente).
But only when I run -- I can walk long distances and I don't get tired at all.
Well thanks for reading this.
Thank you!
I want to write something!!!! T__T
For the few last days, I've been trying to write an entry, but guess what?
The few last days, I've been trying to write an entry, but guess what?
My computer is crazy or destiny doesn't want me to learn English.
My computer is crazy or destiny doesn't want me to learn English.
I tried to write something and either the computer closes the Internet page or my brother closes the page accidentally.
I try to write something and the computer closes the Internet page or my brother closes the page accidentally.
Aha!
He thinks I believe it was an accident.
He is so evil, but not really , he just likes to play jokes on me.
He is so evil, not at all, he likes to make a joke out of me.
Thanks for reading this short entry.
Have a nice day.
Hello world!!! ^_^
How are you?
I hope you are fine.
I hope you're fine.
at the moment I'm very tired because I've been studying all the day and my chair is a little uncomfortable.
At this moment, I'm very tired because I've been studying all day long while sitting on an uncomfortable chair.
But I placed a pillow behind me to support my back (recargarme).
Well, I need to do more exercise T_T but I'm a little bit lazy.
Ok.
I'm not lazy.
it Is just because I don't have a place for a walk near my house.
It is just I don't have a place to walk near my home.
I love going on walks.
I love to walk.
I love to take a walk.
I love to feel the fresh air on my face.
n.
I'm so happy because everyday I learn new things.
I'm so happy because everyday, I learn something new.
I need to study harder.
Well, thanks for helping me.
Well, thanks for helping me.
Well, thanks for helping me.
And thanks for reading this entry.
And thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
I love ceramic angels
My mom has a little ceramic angels' collection.
So I help her to buy the angels.
We have 4 medium angels, 3 little angels (they are for hanging on the wall).
We love these 7 angels because my mommy says that we are like these angels xD, because they have tender faces like we when we were little babies.
( I know sounds weird).
Also we have 7 small angels, they are the principal angels, their names are Saint Miguel Arcangel, Saint Gabriel arcangel, Rafael arcangel, Uriel arcangel, Jofiel arcangel, Samuel arcangel ans Zadkiel arcangel 0w0.
These are on the shelf.
We had a big angel but it broke the last time we moved.
We have some other angels but most of them also broke when we moved.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Have a nice day.
Hey!!! Miss murder!!! ( >__<)w
Hello!
I have 5 entries which nobody has corrected yet.
It's ok.
I like video games but I don't know anything about videogames.
My brother had a PSP (but he sold it), and we had several games for PSP console.
He has the Rock Band Unplugged game (I don't know what is the meaning of the word "unplugged" I hope somebody can tell me).
I like this game because it has many songs like Message In A Bottle from The Police, Miss Murder from AFI and other songs that I can't remember.
If you can recommend me some songs, I'll be grateful.
My brother had other videogames like The Star Wars League, HotBrain and more.
Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.
I want ice cream
Hello world!
How are you?
I'm fine but i'm hungry.
I want some ice cream.
Oreo's ice cream with some Hershey's chocolate on the top.
I want oreo ice cream with some hershey chocolate on the top.
I love ice cream during rainy days.
My perfect day would be a rainy day with romantic-comedy movies, along with some ice cream or popcorn.
I love the rain!!!
Hey!
How are you?
I'm fine.
And I'm so happy right now because it's a rainy day.
I love the rain, ¿How about you?
I love the sound of the water falling, when it hits the floor, the sound of the thunder, and the wet smell.
I love everything about the rain.
I want to get wet, but I can't because it's 12:42 at night and I can get a flu. I really want to do it though. 
Well..
I have to wait for another rainy day so I can eat ice cream and get e wet.
What do you like to do on rainy days?
Im tired....I'm tired...
T__T 
In my new school I have so much homework I have free time only on the weekends.
Well, just the Sunday's.Well, just the Sundays.
Today I made the biography of some presidents of United States for my English homework.Today I wrote biographies of some United States presidents for my English homework.
I love the English subject.
But in my school is a little bored because I've seen all the subjects.But in my school, it's a little boring, because I've seen all the subjects.
Next week, the teacher will teach us the alphabet (somebody help me please).
As I can see in this school, nobody is interested in foreign languages including the teachers.
Is something weird.Is that something weird?
waaaaaaaa... It is so warm here!
I want some ice cream!orI wish I had some ice cream!
The temperature is 40 degrees celsius (or 104°F I think).
My air conditioner is broken.
I am very hot!
My day has been okay.
But it's so hot here.
My city is known for being one of the warmest cities in my country.
That's because we are close to a desert.
That's because we are near a desert.
I feel so tired.
I need a glass of water with a lot of ice.
The last few days were so hot!.
I hope it rains soon.
I love the rain and the clouds!
xD
Thanks for reading this little entry.
Have a nice day.
The T.V programs!!!!
Today, I saw a very popular mexican television program.
Its name is "La Rosa De Guadalupe" or "The Guadalupe's Rose".
Today's chapter was called "The Otakus (Let's Save To The World)" xD It was about a girl who had some troubles with herself.
She goes to the high school disguised like a cartoon /anime character.
Her partners school always bothered her because she was unusual.
Her partner's school always bothered her because she was unusual.
But she doesn't cared she just wants to save the planet with her powers.
But she doesn't care. She just wants to save the planet with her powers. 
She is a anime fanatic  girl.
But, the chapter is not really a problem.
The problem is this program has a lot of negative influence on the youth community of Mexico.
They mimic everything that they see in this program, but only the negative things.
For example, another chapter was "The Shock Game" It's a game where they have to suffocate them just for feeling happy.
For example, another chapter was called "The Shock Game". It's a game where they have to suffocate them just for feeling pleasure.
At the next day of this program on my school all my classmates was do it (suffocate themselves).
The next day at my school, all of my classmates were going to do it (suffocate themselves). 
In my point of view is something really really silly because they are risking their lives.
My point of view is that this is something really, really silly, because they are risking their lives.
By the way, now the boys and girls wants to be disguised like an anime character just because "The Guadalupe's Rose" says that it's ok.
"Everybody is free to be dressed up the way that they want".
But the schools have rules! or But the school has rules!
Well, that's all (creó que me equivoqué mucho xD).
Have a nice day.
Thanks for reading this entry.
Hello world!!
Hello, How are you?
I hope you are well.
I'm here because I want to read and write in English.
And in the future I hope to speak it clearly.
I love to listen to music on my youtube account.
I prefer English music but most of the time I can't understand it. So I have to search for the lyrics of the song in Spanish.
I like watching music videos in English/Spanish because I can learn new words with each song. I have a Youtube account with some videos in English that have translations in Spanish. While the other videos have it in Spanish with the translations in English.
Well there is is a link if you want to see the videos. Look for YRSL or something like that for my account.
My dad has a friend who learned to speak English just by listening to music.
I know that sounds amazing.
Well thanks for your time.
Have a nice day.
I have some questions ♪_♪ 
Hey!
I found something on the Internet that made me think.
The correct way to write some words.
How it must to be ¿"color" or "colour"?, ¿Socks or sox?, ¿Organisations or Organizations?, ¿Underground or subway?, ¿Fall or Autumn?, ¿Candy or sweets?, ¿Cookie or biscuit?, ¿Centre or Center?, ¿Trash or rubbish?.... ₸The Queen's English makes the spelling c-o-l-o-u-r in Great Britain, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Jamaica. As does "organisation", and "centre" ₸ ₸The Queen's English makes it c-o-l-o-u-r₸ ₸ With exceptions,_the same applies to "underground", "biscuit", "tin", "rubbish", "chocky", "disco", and "bin". The exception is Canada.₸
How it must to be ¿"color" or "colour"?, ¿Socks or sox?, ¿Organisations or Organizations?, ¿Underground or subway?, ¿Fall or Autumn?, ¿Candy or sweets?, ¿Cookie or biscuit?, ¿Centre or Center?, ¿Trash or rubbish?
Now, I have a lot of questions. The page doesn't say which is the correct way to write them and I have many problems with these words because each dictionary says a different thing.
And that confuses me.
And that confused to me.
Thanks for reading this.
Have a nice day.
My name is Carlos
Hello!
My name is Carlos Enrique Sánchez Pacheco and I was born in México City in July of 1987.
I like to go to parties with my friends.
When I go out with friends, we go to pulquerías (a shop that sells pulque).
Pulque is my favourite alcohol drink, not for its alcohol content, i like the drink for Mexican tradition and flavor.
Pulque is my favourite alcoholic drink, though not for its alcohol content. I like the drink for its Mexican tradition and flavor.
After the pulque drink, frecuently we go to watch the wrestling. In México wrestling is called "Lucha Libre" and my favourite wrestler is "Rayo de Jalisco".
After the pulque drink, we frequently go to watch wrestling. In México wrestling is called "Lucha Libre" and my favourite wrestler is "Rayo de Jalisco".
I will talk about boxing next time.
I will talk about boxing next time.
Saludos!
I like boxing!
México is a country rich with alot of traditions, people native, landscapes and other factors which makes it a wonderful place (and I will write about in other opportunity).
México is a country rich with traditions, native people, landscapes and other factors that make it a wonderful place (and I will write about if I have an opportunity or if I have a chance).
Thereby, my country has enveloped a firm noble character associated with its people.
México is a brave country and the boxing is a sport popular with mexicans.
México is a country of brave people and boxing is a sport that may of us like.
I like boxing since I was child and I got a chance to see to J.
C.
Chávez, one of the best mexican boxers.
Many people think boxing is a savage sport, but in México, boxing is a legal technical sport.
Proof of it is the boxing practice of Floyd Mayweather, the best pound for pound at the moment, for me.
My favorite boxer is Juan Manuel Márquez, He is called "Dinamita" and he will fight versus Pacquiao on November.
He's an old fighter (39 years) and I know time will not forgive.
However, I hope Marquez wins.
However, I hope for Marquez's victory.
Good bye, Amigos.
Y !viva el boxeo!
my day 
this day I don`t like why be stressful to my 
Snow in Madrid
Hello!
My name is Marta, and I'm learning Japanese.
My name is Marta and i'm learning japanese.
I speak a little bit english, and I hope I could improve my english thanks to this website.
I speak a bit of English, and I hope I can improve my English on this website. ("A bit of English" es totalmente bien. También se puede decir, "A little bit of English.")
I speak a bit of english, and I hope y could improve my english in this web.
I live in Madrid.
This last week it was snowing in most of spain's mountains , and also in Madrid.
This last week it was snowing in most of the mountains in Spain and also in Madrid.
The last week was snowing in the most mountains of Spain, also in Madrid.
The most lines of the Sky and SkateSnow of Spain opens today!
The most lines of the Sky and SkateSnow of Spain opens today!
snow is beautiful, but also so cold :(
The snow is beautiful, but it's so cold :(
The snow it's beautifull, but it's so cold :(
See you!
Shopping!
^  ^ 
(>ロ<)
( u  u )ノ
I’m going shopping today!
Food I can’t get enough of:
What does a Daikon taste like?
Try to relax
What is the difference between sentence forms like ==>
Try to relax
vs
Try and relax
?
If any
Thanks!
Greeting B Part 1
<<Hello.
I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..
Spanish :O).
Can you give me a hand here?
I just need this text to be proofread by an native English speaker.
This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorific ambassador for Okinawa.
Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums.
You can find the whole greeting here
but since it's a bit long I am dividing it in 2 parts.
Thank you.
Fifteen years ago, I started a contemporary eisa group in Tokyo. In March of 2004 the Okinawa prefecturehonored me bynaming me "Ambassador for Churashima Okinawa". This appointmentis reserved forthose residing outside the prefecture who hold a deep appreciation and attachment for Okinawa.
(I've decided to write about Tokyo today)
(when i wanted to be alone, there was no place to go)
Quick question
What's the difference between:
Wolves' dens. or: the den of a wolf
Den of wolves
Wolf's den
Wolf's den
if any?
Thanks!
Greeting A
<<Hello.
I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..
Spanish :O).
Can you give me a hand here?
This is a TEAM B website greeting, by the leader.
He used to be part of TEAM A, and that`s pretty much what the first half is about, and then he moved and started the new TEAM B.
Eisa is a type of Okinawan dance that features taiko drums.>>
Greeting
Leader's Greeting
My first encounter with eisa was back in the summer of 2003, when I watched a TEAM A Tokyo Chapter performance for the first time.
Under the blazing sun, the group performed with such an intensity that it overwhelmed me, and from that day on I watched their performances regularly.
The following year, I was accepted as a member, and along with the everyday practices I had the chance to perform in many different events and festivals.
In 2008, I became Sub-Leader and had the responsibility of transferring everything that the older members of the team had taught us to the next generation.
I cherish many precious memories of my experience there.
From now on, as the leader of TEAM B, I strive to make the most from my experience in TEAM A and take it to the next level.
My goal is to create a group whose performances can move and impress everyone watching.
The formation of TEAM B could not have been possible without the support and aid of many people, to whom I am very thankful .
Also, regarding the kindness and warmth we receive from the people who come to see our performances, we cannot possibly put our appreciation into words. Instead, every beat of the taiko drums we hold and every step of our dances.contains and expresses our strong gratitude. 
<<This last paragraph may need a lot of work, am I using the word perform too much?
I cannot find a suitable synonym.
Thank you!!!!>>
Greeting B
<<Hello.
I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..
Spanish :O).
Can you give me a hand here?
This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorific ambassador for Okinawa.
Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums>>
Greeting B
Ambassador for "Churashima Okinawa" (Beautiful Okinawa)
xxx
It's been 15 years since I started a new contemporary eisa group in Tokyo, and in March of 2004 I was honored by the Okinawa prefecture, who named me "Ambassador for Churashima Okinawa", a nomination appointed to those residing outside the prefecture, who hold a deep appreciation and attachment for Okinawa.
Since I came to Tokyo, my love for my hometown translated into a desire to contribute to broaden the influence of Okinawa's traditional arts through Japan's capital city.
When I was still undecided on how to face this new challenge, I went back to Naha (Okinawa Prefecture's Capital) and assisted to the "Naha Ozunahiki Hatagashira Gyoretsu Festival", an event I attend every year since I was a child.
There, I encounter myself with a contemporary eisa group, and I can still remember the goosebumps caused by their performance.
That is how I found what I was looking for, and the impact of that moment still remains lively in my memory.
Without forgetting that emotion, and as Honorific Ambassador of Okinawa I try my best to contribute in promoting Okinawa, from Tokyo to the rest of the Japan, and even further, to the whole world.
I sincerely hope you will continue to support us for a long time.
Greeting B Part 2
<<Hello.
I am translating from Japanese to English (my mother tongue..
Spanish :O).
Can you give me a hand here?
I just need this text to be proofread by an native English speaker.
This is the greeting of one of the members of the group, who happens to be an honorary ambassador for Okinawa.
Eisa is a traditional okinawan dance with drums.
You can find the whole greeting here
but since it's a bit long I am dividing it in 2 parts, this is the second half
Thank you.
After I came to Tokyo, my love for my hometown led to a desire to make acontributionthat would broaden the influence of Okinawa's traditional arts throughout Japan's capital city.
Still undecided on how to face this new challenge, I went back to Naha,Okinawa Prefecture's Capital, and assisted with the "Naha Ozunahiki Hatagashira Gyoretsu Festival", an event I have attended every year since childhood.
There, I encountered a contemporary eisa group. I can still remember the goosebumps caused by their performance!
I found what I was looking for.The impact of that moment still lives in my memory.
With that memory fresh in my mind, I,as HonoraryAmbassador of Okinawa,willstrive to continuepromoting Okinawa inTokyo,and then onto the rest of Japan, and eventuallyto the whole world.
I sincerely hope you will continue to support us for a long time.
Hi!
I have a blog (http://fedende.blogspot.com) where i write about my travels in New Zealand and Japan.
Now I want to start putting some posts in Japanese.
I have some japanese friends who can´t read it now because it´s in spanish + it's a good excuse to practice some writing.
This frist post will be just an explanation of what i said before.
I will be waiting for your corrections!
What is Eisa?
Hello.
This is quite long, but I just need an english speaker to proofread it for me.
Just make an annotation if something is not clear or there is some grammar mistake, that's all.
I hope you can give me a hand.
Cheers
>>
What is Eisa?
Eisa is a form of folk dance unique to the people of the Ryukyu Islands, performed mainly during the Obon Festival, from the 13th to the 15th of July.
The 13th is the unkë (welcome day) where ancestor spirits come back to the living world to visit their families.
They stay during the 14th or nakanuhí (middle day), finally to leave on the 15th's ükui (seeing off day).
On this last day, the young people of each village get together, and parade among the streets while dancing and beating taiko drums at the rhythm of folk music.
The songs and dances differ from village to village.
Why and how did eisa start?
As a matter of fact, the origins of eisa are not clear.
There are lots of different theories, and one of the most recognized is the one that follows.
During the Shönei Dynasty Period (1587–1620), a Holy Priest called Taichü stayed in Okinawa in his way from Kyoto to China.
As part if his missionary work, he introduced Buddhist prayers and chants, translated into plain language, in the form of poems and songs.
This is believed to be the beginning of Buddhism in Okinawa.
In order to propagate this teachings, dances from the Jodo Buddhist sect were added to this chants and songs to make them easier to remember.
This marks the origin of the eisa we see today.
On time, this Buddhist dance mixed with Okinawa's traditional culture and it became a custom to perform it during the Obon festival.
At the time, it was danced wearing black clothes, on bear foot while marching among the village's households forming a parade (many of this original customs have carried over and are still practiced).
With the passage of time lots of changes occurred, and the eisa we can see today have developed a stronger sense of performing art, being much more enjoyable to watch.
Specially, thanks to the Zento Eisa Contest (Whole Island Eisa Contest) that started in 1956, young groups from various places competed against each other, and in order to get the 1st place, each of them proactively introduced positive elements from other arts, displaying remarkable improvements on drum and dancing techniques, and costume attractiveness.
Today, eisa is not limited to Okinawa nor the Obon Festival, and can be enjoyed in many diverse festivals through Japan and the World.
My best Friend's Birthday!!!
Yesterday some friends and I planned a surprise party at a bowling 
alley for my friend
We were suposed to surprise my friend but we CREW our plan when 
We were supose to surprise my friend but our plan was messed up when 
we left the cake with no protection,and some kids took that chance to eat it. "The cake" is implied.
Anyway we had to buy another one and then everything went 
Anyway, we had to buy another one and then everything went
smoothly.
Somebody told me
"Life is hard, everybody suffer, everybody cry, there is no hope, no future" this is what my old friend said to me, he committed suicide some years ago, and I still remember this words with pain.
Somebody told me, "the life is hard, everybody suffer, everybody cry, no hope, no future" this words said to me my old friend, he commits suicide some years ago, and I still remember these words with pain.
I couldn`t do anything for him, and I can`t do anything with this pain, but I still smile, when somebody is suffering, I give them a hand, and smile to them, and give them support but...
I think, I did that for him.
Today I got this feeling again "the life is hard, there is no hope, no future"
Today a feel like this " life is hard, no hope, no future"
Alguien me dijo "la vida es dura, todo el mundo sufre, todo el mundo llora, no hay esperanza, ni futuro" esas palabras me las dijo mi viejo amigo, el se suicido hace unos años y todavía las recuerdo con dolor.
No pude hacer nada por el y no puedo hacer nada con este dolor pero todavía sonrío, cuando alguien esta sufriendo le doy una mano y le sonrío, le doy apoyo pero...
creo que lo hago por el.
Hoy me siento así "la vida es dura, no hay esperanza ni futuro"
Puede ser que este muy mal por que no le use ninguna ayuda.
Think In English
Today I was thinking...
every friend I know speaks English, and I only write some things because I always watch television shows like Friends or The Big Bang Theory and some phrases that I keep in my head but my English is terrible!!!
Every friend I know speaks in English, and I just write some stuff because I always watch Friends or The big bang Theory series, and some phrases I keep in my head but my English is terrible!!!
I hope you can help me !!
Thanks ♥
My day.
Today I went to the hospital in the morning, this place make`s me afraid, but I need to care my body.
At the evening I went to my university but my teachers didn`t come.
Now, I cleaning my room and plays the drumms...
I`m happy because I fail 1 test, but I passed 8 test`s.
Thank you for read me and help me ^^
What will happen in the year 2012?
People say it's the end of the world, 
because in this year the Mayan calendar ends.
currently this world is in bad shape.
-There are a lot of people suffering from hunger.
-There are many wars with no apparent reason 
-There is a lot of racial and social discrimination.
-the Rich people are few in comparison with the poor people.
In Mexico Carlos Slim Elu (TELMEX,CEO) has sixty billions dollars,
-the HIV disease kills thousands of people
I do not know What will happen this year, but what is the difference?
I'm sorry, I didn't know what write.
Best Regards, to all.
the man who needed Help
The man who needed help
Hi all.
I have studied English since I was a child
I have been studying English since I was a child
but I am still  not very good.
One day, I met a man OR One day, I came across a man
One day, a man found me
and the man said :"help me I don't speak spanish I'm American, I'm from Florida" 
and the man said:"help me, I don't speak Spanish. I'm American. I'm from Florida."
"and the man said, "Help me, I don't speak spanish. I'm American, I'm from Florida." 
in the beginning, I thought: 'this man is crazy'
but then I thought:'maybe this man really needs help'
but then I thought, 'maybe this man really needs help.'
I asked this man, Can I help you?
and the man answered me: yes, Could you tell me, please where is the American Consulate?
and the man answer me: Yes, could you please tell me where is the American Consulate?
Since OR Because I do not speak a lot of english, I answered: sorry I cannot help you.
Since I do not speak much English, I answered: Sorry, I cannot help you.
for this reason, I want to learn to speak english
After this incident, I want to improve my English
for this reason, I want to learn to speak english
Because I could not help this man.
because I could not help this man.
more about me.....
Hi everybody
My name is Roberto
I am from Monterrey City, México
I am twenty one years old.
I like soccer, my favorite team is 'Rayados of Monterrey'
Now I am working at HEB - convenience store
This company is from the United States,
the CEO is Howard Butt III. And in Mexico, there are thirty four HEB stores 
Someday, I would like to travel to the United States,
I would like to meet people to talk in English.
my cousin tells me that I have to study English.
In the begining, I did not care. But after some time. I thought: 'He is on absolutely correct'. Because in Mexico, people who don't speak english can't make a lot of money.
I write a little text, but is dificult.
I'm sorry. But I dont know that else so write. Any comments will be welcome. Thank you very much.
Best Regards
Have a nice day!!!!!
The big war...
When I was a child,I did not liked to read about it.
Currently, it is one of my favorite hobbies.
I have read about the second world war
Japan bombed against  Pearl Harbor where was the navy base of United States in the Ocean Pacific and for getting back on The United State dropped  two atomic bombs on Japan, specifically on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaky.At the result a lot of people died in these unfortunately days.
Mexico declared war on Germany,because two German submarines undieron two Mexican oil tankers.
fortunately I think in this moment,these old problems have forgotten , and these days all countries 
lives in with armaments.
I hope that no more war won't happen again.
Thanks so much for your corrections and comments
The best soccer player from Monterrey
Jesus Arellano is the best soccer player from Monterrey.
He has played soccer, for ten years, in the Mexican league  
and he is twenty eight years old.
Many people say he is good-looking.
The people call him 'Cabrito' or 'Charrito' because in Monterrey the most popular food is the cabrito.
Arellano was born in Monterrey. He is from a poor family, but
currently he is very rich.
When Arellano was young, he played some games with the Mexican team during the World Cups in France 1998, Corea-Japan 2002, and Germany 2006.
In the near future he will retire from soccer.
In the near future he will retire of the soccer.
thanks so much for your comments
My new job
Recently in my Job:"H-E-B Groceries" my boss offered me a new job, 
Recently at "H-E-B Groceries" my boss offered me a new job, in which I will need to speak English to people in San Antonio.
I accepted despite the fact that my English is not very good yet.
So, starting this year, I started to study harder to improve my English.
sufficient for speak with a persons that the english is your native language but for me is a good start.
about me..
At this moment I am at work,
and I am bored, 
My cousin says I am a genius, but he is not very intelligent.or he is not so bright, or he is not that smart. We usually use a metaphor when we insult people like "she's not the shiniest coin in the fountain!"
I am married to Nadia Judith and I have one little girl; her name is 
Ingrid Michelle and she is 10months old.
I don't remember more..
only this...
best regards....
I want to learn english!!!!
Hi, I`m Monica I from Colombia and I want to learn English.
Can anybody help me?
For example my English teacher gave my final  notes and they were very bad!!!
yesterday
I decided to start learning Japanese.
I'm not sure if I should jump into a new language before even mastering my own or the one I have to try to use everyday.
I think I just gave up on English; it doesn't matter how hard I try I can't improve anymore, I don't even want to get started with my accent.
who knows maybe someday I'll master them all, or maybe none.
The only way to achieve fluency is through practice and I think this website will definitively help me.
Tourism in Mexico
I'm doing an article about the tourism in Mexico.
In a few years, according to our authorities, the country will be the fifth most visited nation by international tourists in the world.
To achieve that it is necessary to diversify promotion to other nations like Korea, China, Japan, Brasil and Argentina because we receive a huge amount of visitors from United States and Canada.
Another strategy is to promote other activities in Mexico in order to let people know that the country is more than its destinations of sunny beaches like Cancún, Puerto Vallarta and Los Cabos.
In this topic, one of the most surprising things is the rapid increase in the number of Turkish tourists.
Could someone recommended me music in English? 
I want to download some music to my phone, but I´m not too much of a musician. In fact, I don't have a special interest in this.
I want to download some music to my phone but I´m not a specialist in music, in fact I don't have any special interest in it.
So could someone recommend to me some English music?
I don´t like hard rock.
To be honest, I like pop music more. I like artists such as Depeche Mode and Snow Patrol.
Is there music that is similar to this?
Do you know of anything like this?
My city
Maybe you don't know this, but I live in Mexico City.
Somebody said that this is one of the biggest cities in the world; just behind New York in the United States and Tokyo in Japan.
I´m not sure if this is true even_though there are more than 22 million people living in this metropolitan area.
The most important avenue in the city is called "Paseo de la Reforma".
At the end of the 19th Century we had a president named Porfirio Díaz.
He had a special interest in French culture; consequently, he built this avenue like a replica of Chaps Elysees in Paris.
Nowadays, this street is still the most beautiful part of the city.
There the city's most important monument is located, called "The Independence Angel" and there is a big debate about whether this is a male or a female angel, because it has breasts.
Depressing day
Depressing Day
Today is a depressing day in Mexico City.
Today is a depressing day in Mexico City.
There was heavy rain during the first hours of the morning because a class-4 tropical storm formed in front of Acapulco (a Mexican beach bordering the Pacific Ocean)
There was heavy rain during the first hours of the morning because of a Category 4 tropical storm formed in front of Acapulco (a Mexican beach on The Pacific Ocean).
In the city the sky is completely cloudy and, moreover, the autumn season began three days ago; we had to say goodbye to the summer and in this moment the rain started again.
In the city, the sky is completely cloudy and, moreover, the autumn season began three days ago, so we had to say goodbye to the summer, and in this moment the rain started again.
The  hard way of English Certification Exams 
Today, I took a diagnostic TOEFL test in order to begin the process of preparing for this exam. My score was only 496 points (on a scale of 310 to 677) This reminded me of how difficult the English Certifications Exams are.
My English teacher says that the people who wrote these exames just wanted to make our lives miserable, and I think that she is right. has reason.
I mean, How  you can  answer 55 grammar questions in 25 minutes?
You have an average of 28 seconds to answer each question.
The good news is that I just need an average of 500 point to reach my goal , but I know that to be an advanced user of English you need more than 560 and, apparently, that score is far from me at the moment.
The Party
Today, I had an invitation for a party but I didn't attend it because I would not have known anybody , except the friend who invited me.
Today, I got an invitation to a party, but I didn't go because I wouldn't have known anybody except the friend who invited me.
What do you do in these situations?
What do you do in these situations?
I mean, more than one time I had received this kind of invitation but I´m not such an outgoing person.
I mean, I had received this kind of invitation more than once, but I'm not such an outgoing person.
So when I go to a party I like to know more than one person, in order to have someone familiar to talk to.
So when I go to a party, I like to know more than one person in order to talk with someone.
The  Independence Day 
Independence Day in Mexico was yesterday, September 16th, and as usual we celebrated this date with the independence shout, eating "pozole", a Mexican food, prepared with corn and chicken, drinking tequila and listening to "mariachis". At least, this is the most traditional way to celebrate this day.
Even though this region is one of the oldest places because it is the origin of civilization (when Mesoamerica joined with Mesopotamia), Mexico is a relatively new country, with just two centuries since having been founded as a nation.
Thanks
I was looking at all the new entries that have been written in English by people who are learning this language and there are large amount of them. So I just want to thank the people who have corrected me because you have a lot of work to do! haha.
My economic studies
My economic studies
In August, I will start studying a specialisation in economics.
In August, I will start studying a especialitation in Economy.In August I will start studying a specialization in Economics. ORIn August I will start studying Economics.
I´m nervous for that because I finished university several years ago and I´m not sure if I still remember how to study, ha ha.
I'm nervous for that because I finished the university several years ago and I'm not sure if I still remember how to study, jaja.En inglés, jaja = haha :)
To be honest, the most difficult part for me will be statistics, because I've never studied that subject, but I hope to be succeed in this new project.
To be honest, the most difficult part for me will be Statistics, because I've never studied that subject, but I hope to be succed in this new project.
My first written
Hello, this is Ramon from spain and my English is very basic, I want speak English because is the most important languaje and is neccesary looking for work.
I like find work in international transport, because I am a trucks driver.
As well as for work in a shop is very important know English and understand it.
The next week I'll fry a long of written.
I see who this page is very interesting for learn languaje and perfect it.
I can correcting the Spanish languaje because is my first languaje.
Goodbye, see you soon.
have u?
Have you ever felt, when you've made a mistake, that you can't go on living?
This happens to me and it's so complicated I feel powerless.
hi!
I'm new here and I hope to have many friends whom I can help and can help me too.
bye-bye!
Would you be who you are today if you hadn´t endured the trials in your life?
I think that if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i wouldn´t feel good with my life.
But i like the way that live and i think if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i wouldn´t learn the things that i know.
Here i list three reasons because i like the way that i live .
The first is that the hits of life makes you grow.
For example one hit that makes me grow was when i almost fail in school i was very scared of lose a year of my life so since that day i decided to study more and more to not be in the same situatiation.
The second reason is sometimes you need to face your problem and fix them one by one because your problems one day all your problems would be pilled and you couldn´t fix all them.
For example if you have a problem try to fix it in the instant that you get it.
The third reason is that you are not alone so try to look for help in someone to help you wit your problem maybe giving you an advice or giving you moral support.
For example sometimes when i have a problem i tlak with my mother and she tell me what i need to do to solve my problem i conclusion i think that trials makes grow and makes you get strengthin the life so if i hadn´t endured the trials of my life i shouldn´t have bee who i am today.
Letter example 2
Hi!
I hope your weekend is terrific!
I hope your weekend has been terrific!
I was busy today.
Several friends have had their flights delayed because of an air traffic controllers strike.
They had stop the Spanish airspace for the last 36 hours.
They had close Spanish airspace for the last 36 hours...
In the afternoon, I have spoke to both my brother, who is living in Kenya, and my sister, from the USA.
My family is like the UN, I know!
I'm green with envy ;) I love Spain, but I have always wanted to live abroad since I was a child :P
This is a long weekend (5 days) in Spain, and I've planned go out for lunch tomorrow...
An exciting weekend, as you may have noticed (sarcastic, of course). I like going out with my friends very much!
An exciting weekend, as you may have noticed (sarcastic, of course) I l really like going out with my friends!
=D)
I hope to talk with you soon.
I hope to talk to you soon
ASCII Code for spanish characters.
Hi, everybody:
One of my lang-8 friends asked me how can he write the "¡" symbol with an English keyboard.
I've already answered him in a private message, but I'd want to extend that reply for every lang-8 people.
Maybe, somebody will find it as a help.
If you have a non-Spanish keyboard, you can write the Spanish characters using the ASCII code.
You must keep pressed the 'ALT Gr' key while you type the numerical code.
Following are the most used Spanish characters and their corresponding codes:
á = ALT + 160
é = ALT + 130
í = ALT + 161
ó = ALT + 162
ú = ALT + 163
ñ = ALT + 164
Ñ = ALT + 165
ü = ALT + 129
Ü = ALT + 154
¿ = ALT + 168
¡ = ALT + 173
I hope it would be of great help.
Till the next time ;)
Hello im new here, help with my english.
Hello!!!
Well, I'm new here and am very exited to see how I can improve my English.
My main language is Spanish. I'm from Puerto Rico and my English knowledge is from school, a lot of reading, some personal study, youtube, Google and network communications, which is awesome for learning a lot about language.
I think that it is all about practice, dedication, and to be autodidact.
I'm open to learning and helping to My main language is very open to new words. So are some kinds of other Spanish languages. Like in Venezuela, Chile, Colombia, Spain, etc...
I hope that I can be of good help.
So keep going every body and im here to make new friends and of course, learn a lot.
Hola!!!
bueno, soy nuevo aqui y estoy bien ancioso de ver como mi ingles crece aqui.
Mi idioma primario es espa~ol, soy de Puerto Rico, mi ingles y espa~ol es de escuela, como pueden ver estoy tratando de aprender ingles, incluso mi espa~ol no es muy bueno gramaticamente.
Hoy dia youtube, google y los medios de comunicacion en internet so impresionantes.
Pero al fin y al cabo todo es cuestion de practica y ser autodidiacta, si quieren aprender espa~ol aqui estoy para alludarles, mi espa~ol es bastante parecido y diferente a la misma vez a los paises como Venezuela, Chile, Colombia, Espa~a, etc...
Espero que pueda ser de gran ayuda.
Pues sigan haci todo el mundo aqui estoy para hacer nuevos amigos y por su puesto, aprender muchisimo.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ありがとう!!!!
日本語を知らないから・・・・。
ヘルプが必要です!!!
Using the internet to learn a new language
Some people say learning a new language requires a lot of work and dedication, and that is probably true!
Beside the internet and movies I've seen in English, I was in a institute for 3 years learning English by reading and memorize its grammar.
I don't like that system, so I've decided to learn Japanese without any instructor or institute, first just for fun, but rapidly I was immersed in Japanese culture and customs.
Learning a language doesn't imply just learning vocabulary and grammar, it involves the culture and people behind a particular communication system.
I'm just a beginner now, but with a little help around forums and talks perhaps I can learn how to speak Japanese quicker than the people who go to an institute 2 times per week.
About Paraguay (part 1)
Paraguay is a landlocked country in the middle of South America.
Many people outside the continent even don't know about its existence.
Our history is very rich, we had two wars and many internal conflicts between the two main political parties.
The Triple Alliance War (1864-1870) was the greatest war in the region fighting three countries against us.
We had lost almost one third of territory and we never recovered the formerly gold age of prosperity we used to have.
After the war more than 60% of the Paraguayan people found death in battle or were killed by tropical diseases being the most deadly war for a country based on the proportionality of its population.
New entry x)
I made some corrections in others entries, so now it's time for my friends to correct me! xD
I made some corrections in others' entries, so now it´s time for my friends to correct me xD
I'm going to tell you about my first shift of Gynecology at San Rafael's Hospital. It was at 5:30 pm and I was the only one of my group there, we were supposed to start at 6 pm, so I called them to ask where they were.
They told me that they were going to be there at 5:50. xS Meanwhile, I met some guys from another university who were doing the same shift as I was. ( I was happy because they knew the hospital, and could help us.) At 5:58pm my team showed up, and we had to run to the hospital to check in for our shift, which was at 6.
We are usually in Zacamil's hospital, so we had no idea where Gynecology was; but we found someone who pointed us in the right direction.
We made it more or less on time, (6:05pm jejeje xD) but we did find our way there in the end.
 shift xD
Tomorrow I´m goning to have my second gynecology test. Wish me luck because the doctor will giveme a test about normal childbirth, and I don´t fully understand the topic becuse having a child a big deal, believe it or not jejejeje.
Tomorrow i´m going to have my second gynecology shift. Wish me luck because the doctor willgive me a test about childbirth. xS I don´t fully understand the topic becuse having a child is a big deal, believe it or not jejejeje.
Thanks for reading and correct this.
n
by the way in my country it´s 11 o´clock
This is My First Time
Hi. This is my first entry, so I hope you can forgive my mistakes.
I am taking a quick break from my work to write these few words.
I am taking a quick break from my work to write a few words.
I am taking a quick break from work to write these few words.
It has been raining for a while so I am feeling cold and for a reason I can´t explain, a little bit sleepy.
It has been raining for a while so I feel cold and for some reason I can´t explain, a little bit sleepy.
It has been raining for a while and, for a reason I can't explain, I feel cold and and a little sleepy.  OR   It's been raining for a while so I feel cold and sleepy.
Well this is all for now.
Best regards 
Hello
Hello everybody.
Bogota´s weather is still rainy. &nbsp;It is good when you are not in the mood of going out.
Have you ever had a day when you do not want to do nothing, absolute nothing but stay in bed?
This is what I feel today, maybe because I had a stressfull week.
bye, for now
Ogre story
I hope you'll enjoy it =) !
The ogre crouched under the stone bridge, awaiting for the sun to disappear behind the stormy clouds.
It was an overcast day but the heavenly body appeared now and then a few seconds through the scarce cloudless patches in the sky.
The creek under the bridge was stainless.
It ran with meltwater from the near mountains and sparkled in all directions even in the dim light of that gloomy morning.
The stream went a score of meters on and then it plunged in a waterfall.
The ogre was a noticeable big beast.
It was so shaggy that from a considerable distance it could be mistaken for an enormous bush.
His two eyes where two slanting black sparkling beads from the size of a human fist.
Its claws were sharp and ready to tear open any kind of threat.
 
Suddenly an almost inaudible sound reached from the distance.
Footsteps.
Something was approaching by the path connected with the bridge.
The ogre barely grunted.
A familiar smell made his nose wage.
It was The Hunter.
It seemed he had not been muddled up by the wrong trails the ogre had left.
He was a good tracker in the end.
The ogre clenched its claws around a fallen branch that lied under the bridge, its heart speeding up with every vibrations produced by the footfalls of the human.
It started to claw the wood without realizing.
It was getting nervous.
Pictures of other like him started to appear in his mind: heary bodies hanging from ropes, shaggy figures cleft from the top to the bottom, entire clans dangling in a cage over a fire, alone ogres pelted by a blood-thirsty crowd.
It could still remember the first time it had seen one of those humans.
It was still an offspring, sitting on a crisp stack of dried leaves eating mulberries and walnuts among poplar trees.
All of a sudden the earth started to tremble and it heard the first howlings of the others.
It peeked back and saw its acquaintances coming, an indescribable feeling of fear in their faces, and after them, this weak small pale plague equipped with all kind of weird contraptions that propelled a artificial sticks.
Its muscles froze.
Something hit it in the head, which fortunately made it react, stand on its feet and start fleeing.
Some of the ones it knew crumbled, poisoned arrows stuck on their backs, still the expression of terror chiselled in their faces and the feeble white creatures giggling and cheering around the corpses.
A soaring rook cawed up high in the sky, making the ogre come back from its remembrance.
The footsteps were nearer.
The ogre glanced carefully upon the bank.
A grey figure approached, her features defining more and more and her steps clearer.
The ogre scowled.
It definitely knew that human: The Hunter.
The Hunter was tall for his species.
He was a human: feeble and pale but annoying and violent.
This one had a peculiar characteristic that would give him away.
He had a harelip, as if his upper lip had been cleft with a chisel.
He wore a long-brimmed hat that concealed his eyes from unwanted glances and a long worn-out faded dark coat.
The ogre hid under the bridge again, trying to pluck up courage.
It started trembling.
No one had ever survived The Hunter.
Though it had managed to avoid him in the forest, it knew it did not have many chances here.
Tap, tap, tap.
The Hunter was on the bridge.
He walked the first third but then he stopped.
Silence.
The noises of the forest, the flow of the stream, the caws of the birds, the creak of the dry leaves were still there but there was another noise that could not be heard, the lack of vibrations when you do not know where The Hunter is.
The ogre thought that he might go on walking and perhaps that was the reason why it did not perceive his movements any more.
But suddenly something fell on the back of his neck.
It was not especially heavy, but it started to tighten around his throat.
The ogre wrestled for his breath and with a big effort got rid of the burden that was trying to reduce him.
A dark figure dropped to the stony shore with a crack and stood up again almost immediately.
In front of the ogre stood The Hunter, but also in front of the human stood the ogre, more than twice as tall and broad.
The ogre lowered his face to the human’s height, opening his mouth in a fierce grimace, lips retracting and showing its sharp pointed jaws, an aggressive rising grunt coming from its guts...
Dedication
Hi, friends!
I'm sorry I haven't written during all this time, but I've been very busy.
I hope to be back on track soon, though.
I'd like to hear your opinion about a "dedication" (is this the right word for it?) I'm going to write on a book, that'll be a present for a friend of mine.
It goes straight after the "dedication" of the author - this may give an idea why it's written like that - and it's about the history of physics.
It goes like this:
"(And) I dedicate this book to my friend, Andy.
Better late than never and better now than later.
I'm not expecting this book to reveal you all the mysteries of the Universe, but to provide you with a restrospective singular and historical view.
You may even be above it in this aspect.
This book was intended to be your birthday present but for the time being it may also be something more special.
Lots of hugs"
I leavey you guys a pic of the book.
Some of you may have read it and I'd be very glad to hear your comments.
Thanks very much for your help in advance!
=)
Tagebuch 07.01.10
Hallo Freunde!
Heute bin ich um 12 Uhr aufgestanden.
Ja, ich weiß, das ist ja spät, aber gestern Abend bin ich nich fruh ins Bett gegangen.
Ich habe nicht sehr gut geschlafen, weil ich ein paar Male aufgewacht bin.
Es war zu warm.
Dann habe ich gut gefrühstückt und geduscht und bin weg gegangen.
Danach habe einen Freund zum Hafen beglitten, weil er den Schiff um 15.30 nehmen musste.
Wir haben uns verabschiden und er ist eingestiegen.
Vom Hafen habe ich einen kleinen Spaziergang gemacht bis zu McDonals, wo ich eine Freundin treffen musste.
Ich bin mich in einer Buchhandlung und in einem Teehaus gehaltet.
Das Teehaus war leider geschloßen, weil heute Sonntaig ist.
Um 16.15 habe ich meine Freunde Chris vor McDonals getroffen.
Wir essen nie dort, aber es ist ein guter Treffpunkt.
Wir möchten zum Park.
Dafür mussten wir den Bus nehmen, aber wir haben die falsche Linie genommen und wir mussten aufsteigen und wider auf die richtige  einsteigen.
Als wir endlich zum Park angekommen sind, haben wir uns ein bisschen unterhalten.
Das Gespräch war sehr angenehm.
Dann möchten wir eine heiße Schokolade trinken, aber alles war geschlossen.
Als ich zurück nach Hause gekommen bin, habe ich abengegessen.
Gestern hatte ich "pain au chocolat" gebacken.
Sie sind kleine Tasche aus Blätterteig gefüllte mit Schokolade.
Die waren meine ersten.
Das heiß, das war das erste mal, dass ich sie gebacken habe.
Sie waren nicht perfekt aber sie waren gut!
Ich habe eine gegessen.
Lecker!
Hello 
My name is Pedro, I'm from Peru, I would like to improve my English, 
Thanks 
Reading the mind of my two cats
Will my two cats become friends one day soon?
I wish I could read their minds.
Maybe that way I would be able to help them in the process, don't you think?
I would ask the older one, "Wouldn't you like to have some action and fun, and a pinch of salt in your (apparently) plain, indoor-cat life?"
And then, I would ask the younger, my cute, baby, newly adopted cat, "Wouldn't you like to experience some peace and quiet, and rest beside a warm and furry, more experienced friend?"
Writing Exercise - Writing an email giving advice
An English-speaking friend of yours has written to you asking for advice about renting a house in your country:
-----------------------
Dear Pat,
How nice to hear from you!
I'm very glad you've decided to stay a few months in my country.
First of all, have you chosen the town where you want to stay already?
I suggest you choose Madrid rathen than a small town because it's easier to find a job here.
Also, I live in Madrid and it will be easier for us to meet up!
I agree with you that it's better to rent a flat or a room than to stay in a hotel.
I think it would be a good idea to share a flat in the center of Madrid.
Of course, the rent is higher downtown, but I really think it's worth it.
I attached a file to this email that contains many links that will help you look for flats or rooms to rent in Madrid or other cities in Spain.
I also sent you a document with helpful information and advice about rental contracts.
If I were you I would sign a contract with the owner of the flat. I'd also make sure that the flat is fully furnished. 
Of course, you can always stay with me while you are busy finding your own place to stay. or Of course, you can feel free to stay with me while you are busy finding your own place to stay.
I hope this information is useful.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Best wishes,
---------------------
Thanks a lot for your help!!
hello
I need to learn english
I speak spanish only
Why they’re my heroes.  
Hello. I am learning English. I hope that you can help me and that we can become good friends.
This is not a history it is an opinion on certain people that I know they could be candidates to local heroes, or my heroes, I consider them heroes because they have always been when but I need them, since when I have problems they always tell me there own advice for the situation in which I am.
This is my opinion about certain people that I believe to be heroes. I consider them to be heroes because they have always been there for me when I needed them. I can go to them for advice about any situation that I might have.
They always apart from worrying about me they worry also about other people although they don't thank them later, they do their daily activities; she is a housewife and he is police's official, the one works very hard, although most people always criticize a lot for his work, but he doesn't care, he always says “that a person is classified by her actions”, while she always worries about her family and that all this well, not caring if she has to give up her dreams, both they are sacrificed so that his are well.
But apart from worrying about me, they are also concerned about others. Although, they don't receive thanks. So, they do their daily routines. She is a housewife and he is a police official. He works very hard even though he is criticized a lot for his work. But he doesn't care about that. He always says, "a person is judged by their actions". Meanwhile, she is always concerned about her family and that everyone is well, not even caring if she has to give up her dreams or sacrifice them for his sake.
I would like to tell you more, but thatmight be too much. I know these two people well because they are my parents. I don't care if others believe them to be heroes or not,because for me they always will be. That goes without saying.
Apple's heart.
Hi all;
I was doing nothing special when this question got into my brain, but I thought it would be interesting to know if there's something similar to this phrase in other languages.
In Spanish we call the picture above "Corazón de manzana" Literally, it would be something like "Apple's heart"
Here's my question: Is there a specific word or phrase in your language for this?
or is there something similar regarding another fruit, thing or situation?
I mean, this is not really a heart-shapped thing but we keep calling it "Corazón de Manzana" Maybe, someone think of it as a heart because it's inside the apple...
anyway it has no sense!!!
XD
Thanks a lot for your comments :D
Take Care!
A little story of life...
(I'm studying some new vocabulary, so I tried to write down a kind of story...
I said I TRIED, hahaha)
The "Good morning, good morning..." sounded quite clear from the cellphone, full of stickers of The Beatles.
They knew how to be in the limelight with their songs, and how to get gorgeous girls with their romantic lyrics.
I sat on the corner of the bed, thinking "Today is not a good day, is it?"
When I was born, my Mother died and my Father left me with my aunt in the middle of a rural area.
It´s a hard thing to swallow, but now I'm the CEO of the millonaire company "Rockstone".
It all started fifteen years ago, when I was saving some money for a rainy day.
Of course, in that moment I was living with my aunt, and had never thought miracles could happen. I usually say "at that time." 
One rainy night, somebody knocked the door.
My aunt was cooking and I was reading a book on the couch. I went to see who was it. If this sentence was part of the sentence before I would use the word "as". "Someboy knocked at the door as my aunt was cooking..." But because they´re two different senteces I would leave out the "as". 
"Hello, good ni...
Oh!" I stopped what I was saying because the person standing on the other side of the door was bleeding.
When he was calm, my aunt invited him to eat with us . I like the word invited. Invited him to eat. Offered just sounds a little funny.
His name was "John Charles Escalante", who was at that time the headmaster of "Rockstone".
When he said that I was deceived by his image. Hmm, I would have the man speak for this sentence. "Don´t be deceived by my appearence." It took me a time or two to understand what you meant. If you don´t want him to be speaking I would say "He told me that his appearence was deceiving."
He was wearing jeans, sneakers, and a plain white shirt.
He really needed to adopt a new look if he wanted to be taken seriously.
"I know this is not what a millionaire normally looks like," he said, knowing what I was thinking about. If you have him ask a question it almost sounds like the man doesn´t know what a millionaire looks like. 
In that moment I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me.
"I'm sorry, but with that blanket covering you, full of blood, and that gash in your face, and your torn shirt...
It's hard to swallow" I said. Difficult works, but hard sounds better.
"I know.
I'm wearing these clothes to not be in the limelight, and to not be the target of those who want to reach me". Hehe, was limelight one of the vocab words you wanted to use? That´s not the word on the top of my list but I understood what you meant.
That made sense.
"Are you playing hooky with the company?
I mean, I don't want to be mean, but are you on vacation or just being lazy?"
"I'm here for business.
I planned to follow an employee who I gave the boot last month.
It seems he attempted to cheat some data from Rockstone,"
he said with a worn-out tone of voice.
"I guess that you were caught red-handed spying on him."
"You guessed well."
"Do you want me to help you?"
"Actually, I was thinking of urging you to help me"
"Haha, boy, that's funny ." I said amused by what he just said. Hmm, I´m not sure why, but when you say "boy, that´s funny" the "boy" has to go in front.
But then, I noticed an "extra-large" silence, and that my aunt wasn't there and the rice was shrinking noisly in the kitchen. I´d say "a very long silence". By shrinking do you mean shrieking? Shrink is encogerse, and shriek es como hacer un ruido agudo.
Maybe he was talking seriously.
"Oh, you noticed your aunt isn´there anymore, didn´t you?"
"Are you serious?"
"The employee I'm looking for is Michael Terracota, your father."
END - How was it?
:)
Some help with my songs! (1)
DON'T LAUGH!
First of all :P.
Well, as the title say, I'll put some songs (some of them are toooooo old) for you to help me to correct them.
You can listen to my songs (or some of them) here: 
Shall we start?
-Catarsis-
It really doesn’t matter your religion, your color, your language or your time in prison, you don’t have to be a different person in front of me, because you know - how to give me all, when you smile me on, when you laugh in tone, when you stop to see the sun, when you wanna be alone.
It’s all I have to say to you my love.
I want you to understand me, to listen with your heart.
I want you to understand me, to listen with your heart.
I don’t need a perfect girl, or a perfect world.
The melancholy mechanics of my head told me about some girl, that I will always hear and I will protect, because she gives me everything when she smiles at me
I feel that this is not just friendship, or at least I've never had one like this in my life.
Across everything, across time I feel like I can make it with all the things that could happen, if at the end...
If I have you in my arms, if I have you in my arms..
Just in time for the picnic, we need the camera, don’t we?
But still we will never forget this moment.
Enjoy this forever!
Life keeps turning now!
– But I still can’t stop thinking about all the good times in my life, with all the people I love, with all the things that happen around our eyes --> More natural: around us
I want you to understand me, to listen with your heart.
I want you to understand me, to listen with your heart.
I don’t need a perfect girl, or a perfect world.
A Lady Madonna, who broke my heart, invites me to play.
But I say no, because I want another girl.
That girl who when she smiles at me, turns me crazy yeah.
I feel that this is not just friendship, or at least I've never had one like this in my life.
Across everything, across time I feel like I can with all the things that could happen, if at the end... Across everything, across time I feel like I can make it with all the things that could happen, if at the end...
If I have you in my arms, if I have you in my arms..
if I have you in my arms..
Okay, now you can laugh.
I did it while I was copying it :P.
Today's exam
In a few hours I have a "first-term" English exam.
I really don't know how it’ll turn out, because even if I studied for it well, I don't feel confident enough.
Maybe because it consists mostly of words that have to be memorized.
There are verb patterns (+ gerund or infinitive), adjective+preposition, and aaaaaallll those things.
I'm quite bad at it.
I need to study them three hundred times so I can remember them.
Or at least have been using them for a long time.
Or with songs!
A teacher once told me: "Use songs to remember some grammar phrases".
It pays off!
I think it’s because of the synesthesia.
Who knows.
Changing the subject, I've just gotten over two everything-is-wrong days.
Those are the kinds of days in which you feel like spaghetti, and everything turns up in a bad way.
You can't do anything right, and you feel mad about every situation.
But, that was yesterday and the day before yesterday.
Today I feel better, and I woke up in a better mood.
Although, I can't say I'm at my 100%, but I think I’ll recover .
Okay, that's all for today.
Thanks for your help!
hehe
i told miself a joke that i didnt knew thats wired hi mintoru how are you i hope you are fien just to ask you wen are we going to star with the lesons ^_^ ok hehe bay see ya
andy :D
hi ^_^.
I am andy, I am 13 years old and I am a mexican (i don´t wear a mariachi hat hehe).
I speak English because my mother's side of family lives in the US i registered this page because i want to speak or practice my japaneese and englishmore
Our music
We-Colombian people- have been interested in foreign music for years.
We show this interest by listening just to this kind of music, and we are letting our own get lost.
Thus, we are despising our ancestors’ music and we are forgetting our roots.
Conversely, English people try to bring back their folk music, by creating special associations for compiling and preserving their own music information.
Both countries have gone through a loss of folk music at some moment in history.
Whereas in Colombia this is happening right now, In England it happened at the end of the 18th century.
This loss of music is due to the same factors, such as foreign influences and foreign composers who tried to instill as many foreign sounds as they could to the local music.
Certainly, every culture needs to know other cultures in order to get an improvement for their own customs.
But this does not mean that we have to bring other cultures traditions, and let just ours fall into oblivion.
Colombia and England have gone through this loss at any moment in their history, but England, unlike Colombia, started wondering whether they really wanted that to happen for good or not.
They immediately looked for a change.
They come to notice that their music was being forgotten and they try to do something about it, by compiling their music, printing it, stocking it and other stuffs.
But, in Colombia, people just seem to care more about foreign sounds and foreign composers.
My first post
I'm excited about this.
Well, I don't know what to write here, but because it is very important to me, I will do it.
I don't understand good English, and I'm a nervous person, which is bad...
I know...
I think that this is all for now....
Goodbye world!
:D
How write a love letter?
A love letter it's more than a simple bouquet, chocolates or jewelry.
To the women it's much easy express her emotions, so writing a love letter no it's much complicated; but, to the men it's really hard, beacuse the first step is open his hearth and then express his emotions on a paper.
TIPS:
* The objective and the true are imprescindible on a love letter, so before write take a time to think about your emotions.
*Concentrate on one or two ideas.
*Write first ideas from your mind and after, order this.
Thank you!
Wine Friday 
Tonight is a wine Friday hehe. I will be eating bread and cheese and watching all kind of random stuff :)....
I love Fridays like Rebecca Black loves Friday....
FUN FUN FUN!!
hahahaha ok, not!
Happy weekend to all!
:)  
Zoo
Hi :) 
Last Monday I went to the zoo...
Now I want a camel lol and a suricate???
lol 
Nites :) 
I'm sleepy...
I'm so bad in English.
I think it is better that I go sleep and be happy instead.
My friend just left me now so I have no one to talk to. :( haha sounds sad but not that much...
It's late.
Nites!
Lie to Me* - The truth is written on your face
Lately I've been watching to a TV series called "Lie to Me", which is about an expert who analyzes non-verbal communication to tell wether people are telling the truth or lying, and why.
More specifically, he pays special attention to what is called "microexpressions", i.
e.
extremely brief expressions of your face  that last a fraction of a second and unconciously show what you actually feel.
The best part, is that the series isn't about science fiction, but it is inspired by real scientific research on the relation between the body and what you think and feel.
Acording to research by specialists, gestures are universal, It is to say, anybody at any place in the world expresses his/her emotions unconciously through the same kind of gesture.
That's why you can recognize what other people feel just by paying attention to their faces and bodies, even if you don't know their culture or language.
I found the topic to be fascinating.
There are people called "truth wizards" who have a natural gift: they can tell whether people are lying or not with at least 80% of certainty, while normal people are just as efficient as tossing a coin.
There are even manuals and software to help you learn and recognize microexpressions.
Another aspect of the series that I found extremely interesting is that they not only teach you a lot about "reading" people, but they also include short takes of real people from the present and past, illustrating some gestures and postures that expose the fact that they are actually lying.
For example, at one moment they show you Nixon saying "I'm not a crook, I've earned everything I've got" and then making a gestural retreat, which bassically means you don't have any confidence in what you're saying.
Interesting indeed...
What do you think?
Do you think it's possible to tell people's emotions and whether they're lying or not just by watching to their faces and bodies?
Would you like being able to "read" people in such a way?
If you could know everytime people lied, what would you do about their lies?
BTW, does somebody know why the official name of the series has a "*" at the end ("Lie to Me*")?
Note: The pictures are from http://www.poptower.com/lie-to-me-pictures.htm
How are you using Lang-8?
I think Lang-8 is a great tool for leaning languages.
Anyways, as it happens with lots of tools, there are several ways you can use it depending on your objectives.
I've been thinking about that, and I've come with at least 3 different ways of writing to your Lang-8 account, depending on what you want to focus on.
- "Free writing": You can just log in and start writing freely, without thinking too much about how you write.
You can write using only what you already know, without looking up words in dictionaries or checking at Google or your favorite search engine to check how words are used.
You can write not caring too much of not making mistakes (or even letting some mistakes uncorrected on purpose), because anyways someone will correct your writing for you.
Sometimes you remember better how to correct your own mistakes when someone else points you at them.
Besides, it can be better to write a lot and make a lot of mistakes and learn from them, than avoiding mistakes by not writing at all.
Here the objective is just letting yourself be instead of being perfectionist.
Of course, if your level is too basic you can end up writing illegible, and giving a not-so-good impression of your skills.
- "Accurate writing": Here you try to produce a perfect text.
You check bilingual dictionaries for when you don't find the propper word in your target language, or a monolingual dictionary for checking those nuances that can be hard to grasp sometimes.
You check on Google or other searh engine how words are used on real texts or to look up explanations on expressions and info related to your text.
Here you learn by correcting yourself when you write.
The problem is that if you leave too many or no mistakes at al, there won't be much reason for people to correct and comment your writing, besides, if you're too perfectionist this can lead you to burnout.
- "Balanced writing": Well, the name explains it well...
Here you try to write something that looks good, but without being over-conscious about every little detail.
When in "balanced mode", you check before posting your entry and probably correct a couple of mistakes, but don't worry too much if other mistakes go unperceived.
What do you think?
What approach do you take when writing Lang-8 entries?
Do you even consciously think about the balance between accuracy-flow of your texts?
Do you prefer to hunt down every single mistake before pressing the "send" button, or do you prefer to just let Lang-8 do its magic?
Do you think I'm making too many questions?
Do you think someone's going to read this wall of text?
Thank you for reading.
=)
Weekend.
This weekend I will go to the beach with my girlfriend and other friends.
I don´t want to go to the beach. I'd prefer to see a film rather than go to the beach, but anyway, I told my parents and they said "get out!
you´re joking"
Perhaps they are getting old , are they?
Then, I stayed at home for two days.  I was  bored because those  mornings I lied in my bed and  watched the sunrise.
It was an  awful weekend!!
see you, thanks for your correction.
English
Hi guys, my name is Llara
One of my dreams is to speak English well, so I'm studying it hard.
I find it most difficult to speak, because I don't know how to express myself.
I go to a class with an Irish woman on Mondays who makes me talk a lot and I think I'm getting better.
I'm going to write here when I can and I hope it helps me to improve my English.
Bye =)
Today I don't feel like doing anything
Today is one of these days that you just want to lay in your bed or on the sofa and do nothing.
I should be study, but instead of that I'm here writing this.
I really want someone who helps me to improve my english, someone to talk to.
I'm spanish, so I can help other people who want to learn spanish.
If someone is interested, just contact me.
Which one is more difficult?
I have noticed that even a thing that seems simple at first sight, such as distinguishing between singular and plural , could be quite difficult in English.
But, I am still thinking that it is not as hard as pronunciation.
As for me, the lack of consistent rules that link writing and speaking English is the hardest thing with this language.
Anyway I don't think Spanish is easier.
It does not have such inconveniences but verb tenses are a real nightmare for learners.
Bye for now
Leo
Beginner
Hi everybody, i am new here.
I want to know all about this site.
I think that could be perfect for improvement of our writting, but I don´t know how to use the system.
I  have to have some friends?
Where I can correct Spanish?
I think that with the help of many of yours we can be awesome team.
worry situation
I can´t sleep, because I fall in love.
At last, again, I feel myself enough, empty without her.
Alone in the haze.
I found the sunshine in the roof of the mountain.
Down the dusk Lost in her voice, lit up by her eyes.
Dreaming the most lovely road between us.
She have to give me the way.
I will be waiting the signal.
Hero
Bruce Lee
Bruce Lee was a Chinese actor.
He was born in the USA. He was a big philosopher and the best specialist in martial arts.
He created new arts, and designed Jeet Kune Do.
He was the first to practice Chinese martial arts in Occident.
I consider Bruce lee a hero because he taught his martial arts and kun fu to everybody. These are now arts that are practiced around the world.
People practice the sport, the health, personal protection and mental discipline.
He had two philosophies- the one of which all knowledge leads to self-knowledge, and the one of which nothing is absolute.
resolutions
This year I'll try writing every_day to improve my English.
I know that I make a lot of mistakes but with the help of my friends I can become able to write better than last year.
Thank you very much everybody for spending your time correcting entries.
loteria de navidad
Today is a very special day here in Spain.
Now we're doing a lottery. The one that most people play around Christmas is called the Christmas Lottery. Each ticket costs 20 euros.
We are all very excited that we might win some money.
Good luck! I don't know what you meant here, but I've translated it as "buena suerte".
Dinner with my coworkers
Before Christmas, the company where I work invites its workers to have dinner at a special restaurant to celebrate the past year. We always have a good time together.
combined with previous sentence
my new (it makes more sense) home work
Hello!
Yesterday I was in class and my teacher asked us to write about a  nightmare journey.
I don't exactly know the difference between a journey or to travel.
I think that journey is a small trip where you go out but you come back to home, isn't it? 
Today I  had an awfull day!
This morning I woke up at six o'clock and I went to have a shower but hot water didn't was off.
I start my work at half past seven but today I left home at half past six because there is a lot of traffic on the road.
I drove about two kilometers saw that my petrol was low, stopped at a petrol station to get fuel but I didn't have money and I had forgotten my credit card.
I had to go back to my house.
There was no place to park in my neighborhood. I left my car double parked .
When I have down my car wasn't!!!
When I came back later, my car was gone!
I had to call to a taxi. While I was waiting for the taxi, my neighbor told me that a crane moved my car.
When I arrived at work it was quarter past eight, my boss was very angry because I was late and I had a lot of work that day.
In the afternoon (about half past four) I had to go get my car but the place where the crane leaves the cars was closed and wouldn't open until five.
When they opened I had to pay a fine.
Phew, what a day!
I'm going to bed and I'll pray for a better day tomorrow.
Good night
e-mail
Hi, María,
How are you?
I hope you're well.
Thanks for your last e-mail.
You know that when I arrived at London I had work in an Arabic restaurant.
It wasn´t the job I always dreamed of, so I found another, better one, in a hotel near my home.
Now I don't have to take public transport, which here is too expensive and crowded.
I work as a receptionist, it's a well paid job.
I'm very happy, I just work in the morning and in the evening I can continue studying English.
Thanks to these lessons and my new job I'm impoving my English a lot.
On Saturdays I don't work; it is my day off and I can go sightseeing in London. It's a very big city with many interesting places to visit.
The worst thing is I don't have friends and I fell very alone.
If you had a free weekend you could come to visit me.
We'd have a good time together.
That's all for today.
Write soon!
Best wishes,
How am I felling about these issues?
I prefer writing a letter to calling you.
You know I'm a writer.
I met the grandson of MRy and he got me a meeting with his grandfather yesterday, becouse I wanted to know all stories abuot our grandfather.
Fortunally, MRy speaks English properly, becouse my German is enough bad.
He told me our grandfather was in love with these mountains, the scenary is really fantastic so that it's true.
MRy knew him becouse he was his guide and made expeditions together,but he also knew him, becouse aour grandfather fell in love with the sister's MRy.
As you can imagine, in those days, it was a scandal, so I think that our grandmother never told us anything about them.
I think that Mam should have known all things.
Shouldn't she?
The accidente day, MRy was guiding our grandfather on a route mountain, also went with they a man called Gordon ( I've never heard of him).
MRy saw as the two men approached both and fell into the void, he doesn't know what could happen, but he said me, the day before they had been argued, this is something we can never find out.
Christmas
This year I am sad because last year a special person died.
combine with previous sentence
We used to have dinner with her every year.
Her name was Teresa and she make some delicious cakes. She was a fantastic cook, but above all she was a wonderful woman.
combined with previous sentence
I miss you a lot, Teresa.
My dear mother.
On Friday I usually go to my mother's house to have lunch.
But today is different.
Today I'm going to help her because this evening my family is coming over for dinner.
We'll prepare delicious food for everybody.
My mother is an excellent cook. I don't like to cook but today I'm going to help her because it's a lot of work for only one person.
I always enjoy staying with my mother because she is very sympathetic and friendly. We spend lots of time talking about our lives. Our conversations are interesting, and I always learn a lot from them.
She looks younger than she really is.
I love my mother and need her.
HELLO!!
Good morning, I'm Spanish.
I have been studying English for the past two years.
My English is not good, but I'm trying to get better and better every day.
Thank you very much for your help.
I think this page will be interesting for my studies.
I'm going to look at some of the Spanish posts and correct them.
See you later.
Hello
I am a student from Colombia and I'm trying to learn English with this page, can someone help me
I am a student from Colombia and I"m trying to learn English with this page, can someone help me?
Toefl
My approach to problem-solving is very confused but I am trying to explain this with the clearest way.
For me when you have a problem in your life, you first classify this in a problem type, for example a scientific problem in your career or an emotional problem with your family of your boy/girlfriend.
When you have a scientific problem the better way you take to resolve this is following the steps of the scientific method, I can't remember what are all the steps of this method but I remember the most importants steps.
The first step is you have to pose a hypothesis and this is the possible solution that you think can resolve the problem.
The second step is test this hypothesis with a experiment and finally you have to get conclusion with the obtain results and check if your hypothesis is right or wrong, if the hypothesis is right the trouble has been resolved but if the hypothesis is wrong you have to pose other and start again all the steps of the scientific method.
The other type of problem is an emotional problem, this is completely different because you have involve your own feelings and I think is better you resolve this problem with other people help.
In the most common case you have to go in a specialist like a psychologist and he help you with your problems talking with you, in an extreme case if you have a severe problem and this affect your help for example you can't sleep, you have to go with other kind of specialist like a psychiatrist and he help you talking with you and prescribe medicine to try improve your health.
In a synthesis you have to classify you problem between an emotional problem or a scientific problem and after follow the steps describe previously
types of ratings 
In some classes, course grades are based solely on exams, while in other classes, grades are based more on class participation than on exams.
Which type of grading do you prefer?
Use specific reasons to support your response
either types of rating have a advantages and disadvantage for example when you take a course based solely on exams you can miss to class and your rating is not affect but you have to study very hard and memorize all the content course to present the exam and have a good score also if you are sick in the day of the exam and you can’t present this you have to present an optional exam and in the most cases this exam is more difficult than the original exam  otherwise when you take a course based more on class participation than on exams you can't miss to class because you have to put attention in class and participate because is a part of your score in the course but you can participate in the class and maybe you can raise your bad score in an exam also for example many people are scared when present the exam and forget all due the nervous and get a bad score even though it knew everything before the exam.
If I put the good points and the bad points to take a class based only on exams and take a class with exam and participation in a balance I choose the second one because in this type of class you can show to the professor your different skills and how you develop these each class and maybe you can get a better score than the other option of rating.
Finally my conclusion is the courses should have always two part and each one worth 50% one of this is exam and the other consist in participation, works in group and short exams for give to the student several opportunities to  pass the class and give a good score in them courses
Help me with my toefl exam
Hi, everyone 
I want to apply in a university of USA and for this I have to take the toefl exam, and now I practice my writing, I write the next essay about the problem that the sociology department has in a state university and the solution to take to resolve this.
In the reading passage talk about the trouble in the sociology department in the state university about the negative message receive of it program from employers who graduate in the department, for this reason the department doesn't prepare adequately its students and its reputation become a bad reputation.
The solution about this problem is change the curriculum in the university program for ALL students, the curriculum pass to take 3 required courses to take 5 and pass to take 5 elective courses to take 3.
In the listening passage a man talk about the decision in the sociology department and he disagree this, because the changes in the curriculum take effect in all students and he thinks the changes in the curriculum only take effect in the new folks who enter and start the program.
The effect of this position in the decision of sociology department is to fulfill this because is a rational and worth decision for the students who enter in the university before the problem don't have to take others 2 required courses for them graduation in the program    
HI
Hi, i´m Mario and i´m from Mexico.I study at university, but my english is poor.I will wait for your help..
thank you
HI
Hi all.I'm resting at home, because yesterday was a busy day.I will go out tonight with friends and to a party later.I watched football on television, because there is nothing to do.I have classes until next thursday at my colllege.
The bad thing is, I have a lot of homework.
a/one - difference on meaning
Hello,
I recently saw on an airport taxi cab the sign "trip covers only a destination", and I wonder if the use of "a" is completely correct and does not lead to any misunderstandings. 
I would have expected to read "trip covers only one destination".
Thank you.
I continue trying sentences with two more onomatopeia.
a virtual album for digital photographs - facebook
Last night I was meditating about the relevance of such services.
Last night I was meditating on services like Facebook's photo application.
My sister was showing me some pictures of a cousin, who I have not seen for around 6 years or so.
My sister was showing me some pictures of a cousin who I have not seen for about six years.
Now At least I have the idea that she is doing fine and is "alive".
Now at least I know she is alive and doing fine.
No doubt these digital services bring along a new kind of social behavior.
No doubt these kinds of digital services bring about a new kind of social behaviour.
It is certainly a new way of communication which we did not have some years ago that provides possibilities not available before.
There are certainly many new ways of communicating which we did not have a few years ago that provide possibilities not available before. 
It is certainly a new way of communication, which we did not have some years ago, and provides possibilities not available before.
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure which of course can be found in other very old examples of our societies.
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like the risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure as well, which has happened before with developments in communication methods such as the telephone.
On the other hand, we must accept they have weak points, like the risk of addiction and possible unintentional public exposure, which has happened before with previously developed communication methods such as the telephone.
In the end I think they are fine for those conscious individuals who are alike to such extroverted way of communication. In the end I think they are fine for those individuals who like extroverted ways of communication.
Wasn't there a review section?
Greetings users of Lang-8.
Given that my last entry was a little bit 'too long; didn't read', I'll just take this chance to ask you guys a question and write a smaller entry at the same time:
When I watched the video at tofugu.
com introduced me this website and he mentioned there was a review section, where (if I am not mistaken) you could write...
err, reviews?
My question is: Was there a review section in the site?
If so, what kind of reviews were written in there?
Reviews about books, videogames, media, products?
Maybe reviews about other websites?
How that review section is exactly used?
Also...
is it "legal" to write, say, website reviews in THESE spaces, or would it be considered spam?
Awwwwwwwwwwrite, thank you guys for your attention.
Please correct my entry and I'll give you a cookie...
a COLOMBIAN cookie :D 
Careful with DEAD ENDS!!
Hello...
uh...
how should I call you guys...
users?
Lang-ers?
Wait...
I think that's a bad word so I'll just stick with 'users' xD
So...
today I woke up at 7:00 am, got ready by 8:00, and went on to take my not-so-favorite-but-still-efficient public transportation system called 'Transmilenio', which is like the equivalent of the metro system of the bigger cities in the US and beyond.
The difference is that it works with buses ON the surface instead of trains underground.
Anyways, I had to tutor a boy who lives very far from where I live; he practically lives on the other side of the city.
I arrived at the main Transmilenio station of that zone (almost the outskirts of the city), and from there I started to look at the nearby houses for addresses in order to compare how far I was from this boy's house.
It turns out I was 20 street-blocks and 20 avenue-blocks away !
Which is to say that I was, say, at the 143rd street with 94th avenue, and the boy was at the 163rd street with 74th avenue (that's more or less how Colombia's addresses notation works).
SO, I decided to walk all the way from the 143rd to the 163th avenue.
I was running late, so I had to call my contractors so that they could tell my pupil's parents that I would arrive late.
Finally, after walking for 20 blocks (I think it was more than that...), I was like "Ok, now time to go down through the avenues!" (i.
e.
to go from the 94th avenue to the 93rd, 92nd, etc)...
and OH big surprise.
There was NO PATH to go down through the avenues!!!
I could barely go down an avenue or two when I was blocked by the landscape itself!!
Nowhere to advance ; only houses, private lots, giant walls, and nature itself...
SO, I had to GO BACK all the way to find a path that would allow me to get to the 74th avenue.
After walking for yet another hour without finding a path, and crossing through a grassy lot (with cows and all!!), I finally found a road that took me to the 73th avenue...
and this same avenue resulted to be one of the most famous and used avenues here in Bogotá (the Boyacá Avenue) and I didn't even know it's number!!
So...
one hour late, and after two hours of pure walking, I managed to meet with the boy and be done with the tutoring.
So...
what did I learn?
That one usually thinks that streets and avenues are perfectly connected; i.
e.
that you can go from the 1st avenue to the 200th just by walking down through ANY street...
and most of the time it is true.
However, you never know if you are so unlucky that there will be something blocking your path from, say, the 28th avenue to the 33th (yup...
an unexpected DEAD END!!)
This same situation happened to me some time ago...
but in the middle of the city, where my path was suddenly blocked by a really large bushy barrier that was extended through avenues and avenues to no end.
It resulted to be a country club...
right in the middle of the city...
and that I didn't even know existed!!
So, moral of the story: If you need to get ON TIME to a certain place, and you are getting there using a bicycle or walking...
then follow a MAIN AVENUE or MAIN STREET!!
If you go all "hey, let's explore the insides of the city, YAY!!", you might stumble with an unexpected and frustrating dead end, and you might arrive late to your appointment.
Ok guys, I hope my whole story made sense (and is actually understandable).
Also THANKS A LOT for reading it!!
n.
n 
Now please, tell me what you think about my English writing skills in the comment section BELOW ('=3' reference, wink wink xD).
Happy correcting!
>:D
Greetings everyone!!!
Hi!
Thanks for reading this small introduction.
My name is Santiago Madrigal.
I live in Bogotá (Colombia) and found out about Lang-8 in a post at tofugu.
com, which is a blog about Japanese culture and learning the Japanese language.
When I saw the video review of this site on that blog, I...
I just found the whole concept really cool!!
You write about whatever you want in your target language, and other people correct it for you.
Also, you help other people with their target language by correcting their mistakes and giving advice.
An almost perfect give-receive language system!!
So, given that I REALLY want (and need!) to polish up my English writing skills before tackling Japanese with more dedication, I decided to stop thinking about maybe joining someday, and actually joined last night.
So...
here I am.
Ready to write about the most random stuff I can come up with, willing to receive help from you people, and also very, very willing to help all of you that are currently learning Spanish.
So...
yeah...
be MERCILESS with your corrections!!!
>:D
How To Learn Japanese - What Teachers Don’t Want You To Know!
Greetings dear lang-ers!
Here's another article I want you to please, pretty please take a good look at.
Tell me if I made any mistakes, and let me know what you think of the article itself.
Gracias!
:D
TITLE:
How To Learn Japanese - What Teachers Don’t Want You To Know!
BODY:
Let me ask you something: What do you think about learning Japanese?
How do you feel about it?
Do you enjoy the experience of learning a new and totally different language, or is it a painful and mind-numbing duty you must fulfill in order to pass an exam or receive a promotion?
If you are like most people trying to learn Japanese, you’ve probably taken Japanese classes.
You know how they go: You show up for class, listen to lectures on grammar and vocabulary, listen to recordings or watch videos that do not reflect how Japanese people actually speak and interact, and then you complete exercise sheets or speaking exercises with the group.
Also, let’s not forget the good deal of hiragana/katakana/kanji drilling you have to do in order to stand a chance of memorizing those little buggers.
Then you have to turn in assignments and projects, and you have to cram and review kanji like crazy before each exam.
You invest all that effort in studying and getting good grades only to find out that, even after years of classes, studying and mindless drilling, you can’t read the newspapers, watch anime without subtitles, or even have a fluent conversation with a native speaker of Japanese.
You know, pretty standard stuff.
Are classes fun?
Sometimes they are if the teacher is a fun person and tries to engage the group in interesting activities.
But the important question is: Are classes truly effective for becoming fluent in the language?
We all want to think yes, but countless experience show otherwise.
We all want to think yes, but experience has shown us countless times that it’s not true.
You know it and everybody else knows it, but nobody accepts it: Classes suck!
Now, if classes are not effective at all...
how should you learn Japanese ?
Well, some people get tired of cramming and drilling just to get grades, so they decide to learn on their own.
They religiously take two hours a day to study textbooks on grammar, vocabulary, and of course kanji.
They read, they complete the exercises, they drill...
and yet, not only do they not get the results they hope for, but the whole process doesn’t feel fun in itself; it feels more like a chore.
But, isn’t that how things work?
In order to learn a language, you have to study a lot, don’t you?
And only then will you be able to use it, right?
Well, that is exactly what teachers and language institutions want you to think, because that’s what they themselves think and that’s what makes them money.
But here’s the truth: You can’t learn a language!
But here’s the truth: A language can't be learned!
You can learn all you want about a language (i.
e.
learn grammar), but doing so will not give you the skill of language itself.
It’s like learning to drive.
Sure, you can be pretty knowledgeable about physics, know the definition of velocity and acceleration, know the resistance of the air, know how a car works and interacts with these variables, etc....
But knowing that doesn’t give you the skill of actually getting into the car and being able to drive it.
You can only learn to drive by doing it.
You can’t learn a language per se; you can only acquire it, own it, get used to it.
And how do you get used to a language?
By doing stuff in the language!
This is what students and teachers alike get all wrong: You don’t study a language so that you can do stuff in the language in the future (a future that will never come!); you do a lot of stuff in the language, and, as a result of that, you get so used to the language that you find yourself using it .
In other words, you acquire a language through immersion.
Think about how you “learned” your native tongue (let's suppose that your native tongue is English).
Did you study English for 12 years until you were able to read and listen English sentences without any trouble?
I doubt it; I assume you had an insanely good level of English by the time you were 5 years old.
Why?
Because everything you heard was in English, everything you read was in English, and eventually you tried to imitate what you saw and listened to, until you were able to write and speak in English.
That’s how you tackle “learning” other languages too.
So, if you truly want to become fluent in Japanese:
First, ditch all the textbooks and educational material , and get lots of native media that you would enjoy!
Do you like to watch cartoons?
Get a bunch of native anime DVDs or watch anime without subtitles online.
Like YouTube?
Watch only videos in Japanese or create an account in Nico Nico Douga, which is the Japanese equivalent of YouTube.
Watch only videos in Japanese or create an account on Nico Nico Douga, which is the Japanese equivalent of YouTube.
Like metal or rock music?
Get songs from J-Rock and J-Metal bands.
Like reading the news?
Check out news websites in Japanese.
You spend most of your time on the computer?
Change the user interface of your operating system and your phone to Japanese.
Have Japanese friends?
Convince them to talk to you in Japanese every now and then.
In short, expose yourself to stuff in Japanese, as much as you can, everyday (and no, just two hours a day won’t cut it!)
It doesn’t matter if you don’t understand anything at first.
That is normal.
Just keep doing stuff in Japanese, and, as time goes by, you will start understanding more and more every day.
Remember to only engage in activities that are fun to you, and if there’s stuff you have been doing in English for a long time (like watching movies), keep doing them, but in Japanese instead.
And as for learning kanji, the kana and their readings, you can use special tools to accelerate their acquisition, like SRS software.
No teacher wants this to be true, but the sure-fire way of actually getting to OWN a language is through immersion.
And Japanese, even with its thousands of kanji and different grammar and pronunciation, is no exception.
Article for ezinearticles HELP - The Hanna HI 98129 combo tester
Greetings fellow lang-ers!
Wow, it's been a looooooooooong time since I last posted anything on this site.
Well, to the point: I need your help!
I am trying to become a platinum author on a website called ezinearticles.
com, where you submit articles about any topic you want, and you receive exposure and backlinks to your website in exchange.
I wrote a total of 20 articles, and the last four of them were rejected because of grammatical and structure errors!
According to the editors, my articles "didn't flow naturally".
I corrected them, and the last article was rejected again.
I re-wrote it, and was rejected yet another time because of the same problem...
Well, I don't want that to happen anymore; I want to learn how to write in "proper English"...
but for that I need your help!
Would you guys, please, like, pretty please, help me with this article?
What mistakes am I making?
Do you have any suggestions on how to improve?
If you guys help me I will give you a cookie; a Colombian cookie made with ground coffee and everything...
oh, and will also use my "mad spanish skillz" to go on a "correction spree" on the site!
Well...
here's my thingy.
It's about a device you can use to measure the pH of fluids and what you need to give it maintenance:
***
TITLE:
Hanna HI 98129 - Maintenance Aspects Of This Combo Reader
BODY:
There are several situations when it is necessary to measure the pH of fluids and semi-solids.
If you are a gardener, you need to know the pH of the soil in your garden.
In chemical labs, you sometimes need to know the pH of liquids before mixing or heating them.
If you work in food processing, knowing the pH of substances is also essential.
It's also important to be able to measure the conductivity and temperature of other liquids in fields like industrial engineering and environmental applications.
In some cases one needs to be able to measure these three variables at the same time. It's not clear what the three variables are- specify them.
Although separate pieces of equipment can be used to measure each of them, there are special tools that allow you to measure these three variables and more using only one device.
One model is the Hanna HI 98129.
The Hanna Instruments HI 98129 is a pen-like tester that you can use to measure the pH, conductivity, temperature and even TDS (Total Dissolved Solids) of several different substances.
It works via an electrode that can be removed and easily cleaned after testing by using a special tool that comes with the tester as well as a small cloth.
Using the HI 98129 to take measurements is very easy: you simply remove the cap, select the variable you wish to measure, place the electrode in the fluid to be analyzed, and wait a few seconds until the tester produces the desired reading.
Just because it is easy to use, however, doesn’t mean its maintenance is equally as simple.
In order to properly maintain the HI 98129, it is necessary to buy specific solutions.
These come in 8-ounce bottles and each one has a separate function.
The 7.01 pH solution and the 4.01 pH solutionare required to calibrate the pH readings of the tester.
The 1413 mS/cm solution is needed to calibrate its conductivity readings.
It is also necessary to purchase a cleaning solutionto clean the electrode.
It is recommended that customers use this solution at least once a day in order to prevent clogging in the electrode and to maintain accuracy in the readings.
Finally, there is the storage solution, of which a small amount is placed in the cap of the HI 98129 combo tester while it is not in use.
It keeps the electrode moist, which helps maintains accuracy, fast response times and overall functioning.
The Hanna HI 98129 definitely needs a great deal of maintenance.
Having to buy four bottles of solutions along with the product may cause customers to feel financially squeezed, and having to calibrate it and clean the electrode so often may seem frustrating.
That is the maintenance that the device needs, though; there’s no getting around it. 
However, if you purchase these solutions, use them properly and follow the maintenance procedures correctly, the tester will always work properly and will provide fast and accurate readings for all of the measurements that you need to perform.
***
If you made it to this point, you are my hero and I love you.
Have your coffee cookie.
Thanks for reading and helping me out!
ONLINE SHOPPING
Internet has changed our lives in many different ways, one of them is shopping.
Online shopping has become very popular in recent years.
Nowadays it’s highly developed in some sectors like transport, hotels etc.
But it’s still used by a minority in many other sectors like clothing, food etc.
The greatest benefit of online shopping is that it allows us to buy things very quickly and without the need to move to the shop.
So online shopping saves us a time and money.
Another point in favour of this technology is that it facilitates the trade, because it allows us to buy things very far away produced.
In addition online shopping has promoted the exchange of products between private people through websites like Ebay.
One downside is that nowadays people who did no have access to Internet connexion have many difficulties to buy some things on their own.
Another drawback is the lose of work positions and the impersonality, because the client never meet the seller and this could increase the number of swindles.
On the whole online shopping is a great invention, the benefits are more much important than the drawbacks and I think that in the future we are going to buy almost every thing using online shopping.
Hello
Hello everyone.
This is my first post in English on this website.
Undoubtely it is a wonderful way to get instant corrections of our common grammar mistakes.
I am currently preparing to take the Japanese Language Proficiency Test in December but I would not like my English to become rusty due to my Japanese studies.
Would you kindly help me?
Thank you very much.
Have a nice day.
The (Spanish) What we are really like?
The stereotypes of people from my country are: firstly, everybody thinks that we like seeing bulls die.
Secondly, people think that we spend all our time singing, dancing and eating paella.
Thirdly, everyone thinks of us as being lazy, undisciplined and impolite.
They think that we always tend to disobey rules and that we have a sense of humor.
From my point of view I think that the first stereotype is not true, nowadays a lot of people do not like bulls. In Cataluña bullfights are forbidden.
Second stereotype I could be said that is not true too, maybe in the south, people signing and dancing more than the north, but we do not spend all our time only in these things.
About eating paella, it may be true in Valencia perhaps, but not in other places
Third stereotype: There is no doubt that we do not like work much, we are a bit undisciplined and of course we are impolite, these are our weaknesses.
In general we take very few things seriously.
This can be interpreted in different ways.
I think that our sense of humor is one of our strengths.
HELLO
HELLO EVERYBODY IM ANGIE AND I IM REALLY WANT TO LEARN ENGLISH, IT IS BECAUSE THIS LENGUAGE IS INTERESTING...
Something about me
Hi
My name is Javier, I´m from Seville.
I am 26 years old and I´m working as an engineer.
I'm 26 years old and I´m working as an enginier.
I am 26 years old and I´m working as an enginier.
In my limited free time I like to play sports, meet my friends, watch films, read books, the usual.
In my very very short free time I like to play sports, meet with my friends, watch films or read books.
Now I'm studying English to use it in the future.
Now I´m studing English for my future.
Now I´m studying English for of my future.
I don't need it for my work, but I want to change, maybe not now, but in the near future.
I don´t need it in my work, but I want to change job, maybe not now, but in the not too distant future.
I don´t need it in my line of work, but I want to change, maybe not now, but in the not-so-distant future.
My English is very unusual because when I spent some time abroad I needed it to survive, but I didn't really study it properly.
I have a very unusual English, because I've spent some time abroad, and i needed it to survive, but I didn´t really study it properly.
I have very unusual English. This is because I had spent some time abroad, andI needed it to survive, but I didn´t really study it properly.
I can have a conversation (better when I'm drunk), but if you stop to think about my grammar you'd want to kill yourself.
I can have a conversation (better when I´m drunk), but if you stop to think about my grammar you would commit suicide.
I can have a conversation (better when I´m drunk), but if you stop to think about my grammar, it would make you want to commit suicide.
I never thought about writing something in English on the internet to improve it, but my teacher forced me to. She told me that if I don't do it I will have to spend the next class standing up with a book on my head and one finger of my left hand in my nose.
I never thought about writting something in english on internet to improve it, but my teacher forced me, she told me that if I don´t do it i will have to spend the next class standing up with the book on my head and one finger of my left hand in my nose.
I never thought about writing something in English on theInternet to improve it, but my teacher forced me. She told me that if I don´t do itI would have to spend the next class standing up with a book on my head and touching my nose with my left hand finger.
She is very good, but if you make her angry she will cut off your head  ;)
She is very good, but if you make her ungry she will cut off your head  ;)
She is very good, but if you make her angry she will cut off your head ;)
And that's all folks!
And that´s all folks!
invitaciones
I can say for an invitation ...
DO YOU WANT TO GO TO THE MOVIES WITH ME ?
Is that right?
saludos
hi !
how are you ?
or how are you doing ?
Japanese
Since I did the Japanese Language Proficency Test (JLPT) three weeks ago I planned to start studying Korean, as well as continuing with Japanese.
I have done so, I'm really happy about having started Korean, but I haven't studied japanese since, until today.
I have just studied some grammar, but I wanted to study kanji (Japanese characters) too, and It's night already.
This has made me realize that studying one more language is going to be harder than I thought. - or "...studying two languages at the same time..."
I think the two best periods of learning a language are: .
First, when you start.
You start saying simple things an understanding single words from texts or movies or whatever.
You move on really fast and you are happy to do something new (at least , I admit I've become a language geek).
The other great period is when you get to an intermediate level and you can communicate and understand native speakers in everyday conversations.
In Korean I'm in the first period. - Period is ok but "stage", "level", "part" might be better.
Everything's new and interesting and I'm advancing fast enough to be happy.
But in Japanese, I already can talk about simple things with native speakers, but I find myself stuck there, repeating the same mistakes and barely learning anything. - "I can already..."
I know now how far off I am from speaking Japanese well or reading more complex texts; and I have realized that this will take me years.
That's why I'm finding it difficult to keep focused and knowing that I'm not improving at all or barely improving makes me feel uneasy.
I need to come back to earth and realize that you need time and patience to learn a language, no matter how much you like it, you need to spend a lot of time studying.
Pay Me
Please pay me,
Doesn't matter how much money you pay.
You'll never fulfill the debt you adquired
What I'm selling you has no price.
At less not one which can be paid with money.
But, I'll let you give me some money...
So I pay someone to cultivate something for me to eat,
Someone to build the house I'll inhabit,
While I engage In singing this song.
So You pay me in a way that's understandable...
I'll let you give me some money.
Even when What I'm selling you has no price.
I'd like to sell you the liberation of all suffering
How I'll do such kind of action?
It's hard to figure it out
In our limitation
When you don't even know what are you here for
Please pay me,
Wouldn't you buy a better world?
That's part of the deal.
And don't ask for your money back.
You already listened(read) the song you paid for.
The work has been done.
Send the money to paypal account: mamfproject@hotmail.
com
Feedback & translation welcome too.
Chosen
After too many hour of sleep deprivation I was exhausted.
I was feeling like a corpse that didn't notice its death and kept breathing.
The wall was gray, the humidity was excessive.
I was losing the sense of time.
And I started to hallucinate.
Then, my captors opened the door, gave a slice of bread and some water.
They told me: 'Get up and come with us' I did that.
I noticed some kind of presence behind me, was it a ghost?
it was saying to me: 'You are the one, we have chosen you for the mission'.
My captors bandaged my eyes, I couldn't see anything.
They kept me walking for some time, I think I walked through a forest.
It was cold.
I was almost nude.
At some moment I felt like I was walking alone...
and I was.
I reached solid soil, clearly I reached a road.
I couldn't get rid of the bandage over my eyes, My hands were handcuffed in my back.
I hear a noise coming.
It was a vehicle.
It approached me too quickly and knocked me down.
*To continue*
All rights reserved (c) 2010 Mick Murillo
 Divine Love Is The Path
These are some lyrics, thatI wrote today.Please help me make it sound natural.
Hope you like it and thanks for your help.
Love me!
because there is good in me.
and, some virtues that deserve your love.
Not everything in me is sinful
The good things I did
The goodness in me
areclaiming your love!
I know you have the potential to love.
Your heart is not made of rusted iron.
You are beautiful!
Your soul is full of love.
So please
Looove mee!
The other night
I had a dream
In which both of us
Fell in love
I realize there's a lot of untappedhappiness
In unrequited love
That's the reason I ask you to love...
To loove meeeee!
Don't think we'll have to marry to consummate? our love.
In the moment we love each other
And make a promise of eternal love
In that moment we are already married
We don't need a mundane contract
Our marriage is of a divine nature
Nothing to do with the affairs of this material world.
I want us to engage in a long voyage
With no return
In which we'll reach the heaven that exists
In this place or another
You know, the heaven that can manifest in our hearts
That kind of heaven
Divine love is the path
For our hearts to engage in.
Let's do it
There isn't anything better you can do.
Let's do it
We'll make love the right way!
All rights reserved (c) 2009 Mick Murillo
Last time I saw her.
Last time I saw her, she looked into my eyes.
And we held the glance.
Her eyes were so beautiful, big and clear.
I could have lost myself in her eyes.
Looking into her eyes connected me to infinity.
Looking into her eyes connected me to eternity.
Because there was a promise of eternal love.
Trip
I am very exited with this site.
Probably there is many people that don't know many facts about my country, sometime soon I will post some things about it!
Tomorrow I am going to travel to the capital (Caracas) because that's where I study in the university.
I'm now at my native city 4 hours away from Caracas.
Wish me luck :) 
Hello!!
I'm new to this website and I hope to make friends!
I consider that I have a high level in english but there are always a few things that I say or write wrong so it would be awesome for someone to help me with that.
I consider that I have a high level in English but there are always a few things that I say or write wrong so it would be awesome for someone to help me with them.
Also I am trying to learn Japanese, I'm at a very early stage, I'm only learning Hiragana now, and I know some expressions.
So when I'm more advanced I will begin to write in romaji, and when I begin to learn Kanji I will write in Japanese.
;).
I'm from Venezuela so my native language is spanish
My First Post: A Dream (:
I was running as fast as I could to be the first to get to the finish-line, when I saw an alternative path.
I was running as fast as I could to be the first to get to the finish line when I saw an another path.
I thought it could be a shorter way so I went for it.
I thought it could be a shortcut and went for it.
I thought it would be a quicker way so I went for it.
After a while, I realized that that wasn't the right way: I had gotten lost.
After a while, I realized that that wasn't the right way; I had gotten lost.
After a while, I realized I had gone the wrong way: I was lost.
Suddenly, I found a cave and decided to enter.
Suddenly, I found a cave and decided to explore.
It was like a labyrinth with jails on the sides.
After turning some corners, I came across a jail that was inhabited by a pink female monster.
After cutting some corners, I came across a jail that was inhabited by a pink, female monster.
After exploring a bit, I came across a jail that was habitated by a pink, female monster.
She had the shape of a bear standing up. Her skin seemed soft. She was beautiful.
She had the shape of a bear standing up, her skin seemed soft, she was beautiful.
She spoke to me about someone who had jailed her, but she was frightened and didn't want to speak too much.
She told me about the one who had jailed her, but was frightened and didn't want to speak too much.
I wanted to help her, but I didn´t know how.
I wished to help her, but did not know how.
I wanted to help her, but I didn't know how.
Walking a little bit more, I found more beings of different colors, one purple and another blue.
Walking a little bit more, I found more beings of different colors: one purple and another blue.
Walking further through the labyrinth, I found more beings of different colors, one purple and another blue.
They were sad and wanted to escape.
I decided I had had enough and ran out of there.
I heard voices coming from nowhere telling me: "the guilty ones are the grey!", "no, they are the green!", "no, they are the blue!".
would yo be who you are today if you hand´t endured the trials in your life?
Some trials made big changes over my life,because I stared to endured trials which can be for some people very easy, but for me those were very difficul, like to weak up early, learn some customs,work, study other language; continued for others big trials, that I think now about these, I can´t understand how I did it.
ever my few years in this world, some trials tought mea and hit me much time, a cese which pass for my mind it was when I was ten years, my bussy father bring me to Santa Cruz a big city for a child , while we were inside the car, he was giving instruction how to arrive to my piano class because he couldn´t bring me up, I remembered he´d drawn a little map with some strange streets, I stared to cry but he lent me over the Cristo Redentor Av.
and he said, don´t worry baby, you can.
There I stopped to cry ,taking the bus, I arrived to my class, and in a day I learned how to walk in a city.
other experiences were stared to work, I was fourteen and my mother gave me a job with her, like a saleperson, selling optics products, I couldn´t endured those situations because thers were differents kind of customers who was sometime lovable, boring, arrogant.
in that last days i was shy that is the reason because with some customer i cried, but with a big effort, leard to attend to the customers become to be so easy.
In fact now I learned how to value my life ,the others´ life and to be who now I am.
now, how can I find me?
some days I feel some withe spaces inside me,..
and I ask myself; where am I?
preering write with some mistakes.....
Help
Hello my name is Sandra.
I don't understand this page.
I think is for learning English, but I can't find the excercices and lessons.
Can you help me??
I want to learn English
First of all, my name is Israel and I'm 32 years old.
Since this is my first entry, and I wanted an entry just to introduce me. This is to tell you about my english.
Since this is my first entry, and I don't want an entry just to introduce myself, this is to tell you about my English.
The basics of what I know is what I learned in my junior high school; the rest is from taken from this and that, a website, a book, movies, music, some news, etc.
The basic I know about English now, is what I learned in the junior high school; the rest is learned from this and that, such as a website, a book, some movies, some music, some news, etc.
I love to learn new stuff, and languages is one of them
I love to learn new stuff, and language is one of them 
I always wanted to know the language well, at least to have a decent level for conversation; but between the work and the work...
Always I wanted to know well the language, at least having a decent level of conversation; but between the work and the work...
I always want to know well for language, at least having a decent level of conversation, such as in conversation in work.
I always wanted to know the language well, to at least to have a decent conversational level ; but between the work and the work...
Now, I'd like to seriously try to advance my knowledge of the language
Now, I'd like to try seriously to advance my knowledge of the language
I don't have friends to practice and I have never gone to an English school; because of this, my "listening" is pretty poor.
I don't have friends to practice English with, and I never went to an English school. Because of this, my "listening" is pretty poor.
I like to read articles in english and try to understand.
But I like to read articles in English and try to understand them.
I think that I can understand about sixty or seventy percent of what I read.
I think that I can understand about sixty even seventy percent of what I read,
I guess that i can understand a sixty even a seventy percent of what i read,
I think that i can understand sixty even seventy percent of what I read.
But without a teacher nor a school I don't think I can increase my knowledge.
but without a teacher nor a school, I think can't improve my poor knowledge
But without a teacher or a school i think I can´t improve my poor knowledge
but without a teacher or a school, I don't think I can improve my poor knowledge.
I will try to write frequently on this journal and I'll ask for your kindness to correct me.
I will try to write frequently in this journal and I'll ask for your kindness for corrections
I will try to write frequently on this journal and I'll ask for your kindness to correct me
So, this is my first entry and I would like to receive some criticism about it, no matter if these are hard (rude) XD
So, this is my first entry and I would like to receive some criticisms about it, no matter if these are hard (rude) XD
So, this is my first entry, and I would like to receive some criticism about it, no matter how harsh XD
Thanks in advance!
Do you think life is short? or: Do you think that life is short?
When I was a kid, for some reason I thought that my life would be short.
Now, I'm 33.
I live my life each day as if tomorrow will not come.
I've always lived quietly, without hurry; today is no different. You can technically use "hurries" and "not" in this sentence, but it is much more common and smoother to use "hurry" and "no" in this example.
I think that each person lives as fast as he learned to do it. I'm not entirely sure what you mean here...are you talking about the pace of life each person has according to their personality? As in whether they are laid-back or are always rushing to get somewhere?
The idea that life is short is subjective, I think.
In other times, my age was the age of mature people (almost old people). Or you can say "my age was the age of maturity."
Today the average world life expectancy is at least 60 years old, and we think that is a very low number.
But if you think that 100 years in this beautiful place named Earth is a very short time to live here, think again...
Methuselah lived almost 1000 years and all we know about him is that he was a Good Man.
Jesus died after 33 years of life and no matter if you believe in him or not, today he is still an example to follow and an inspiration to live a better life. 
So, if you really think that in your 40's, 50's, etc., you're starting to live, 
or if you think that at age 15, 20 or 25, you have still a lot of time to live, think again; because the time is relative and the best person that you could be was not yesterday and will not be tomorrow, but must be now.
At the end, no matter if life seems short, the most important thing is how you spend your time.
If you are young or if you are old you can transcend, so don't wait to know more, or to be stronger, or richer...
just "give life to your days."
I'm not sick, don´t smoke, I drink alcohol (just a little) only on special days, but I think that each new day that I can see is a gift. "I think that each new day is a gift" sounds better.
So, if I could die today, tomorrow or any other day I would be glad -- not to die, but to have lived more than I figured .
I didn't plan to write today.
I only started to write and the ideas came one after another.
So to take advantage of this, Welcome 33!
Greetings!
probando
hello whats your name?
Inscription
Hello!!!
My name is Laura.
I speak no English.
I'm a new student.
I don't know much grammar, only words.
Thankyou for your help....
I am working in prescholar education.
I am working in preschooler education.
I am happy to be learning English.
Thak you!!!
Thank you!!!
I'm already felling bilingual!!
I'm already feeling bilingual!!
You are such a great friends, because you help people improve.
you are such great friends, because you help people improve
Venezuela
I have a message to all the people across the world; Come to visit Venezuela.
Come to know Venezuela and her people.
Visit our marvelous Orinoco river, our mountains and our beaches.
You can visit the tallest waterfall in the world; the Angel`s fall, and next time take an adventure into the amazon's rain forest.
You can visit the highest cableway in the world in merida and eat some ice cream from the greatest makers of ice cream in the world; the ice creams of the "La Coromoto" gelato.
If you want visit a tropical paradise, then go to the Margarita Island and have the best days in your life.
See you around there!
A Very Bad Night
I hate hospitals.
Like everybody else, I suppose. -'else' is entirely optional, just feels better.
Yesterday my father in law was admitted at 22:00.
Yesterday my father in law signed in at 22:00.
I was so scared while waiting for news from the doctors with the rest of the family in the waiting room.- This order feels better, what you'd written makes me think that it's the doctors in the waiting room.
I was so scared. I was waiting with the family in the waiting room for news from the doctors.
At 3 o'clock I went to my house to sleep for a bit, just 2 hours, but my brothers-in-law stayed there all night. - No need for parenthesis.
At 3 o'clock I went to my house to sleep for a bit (just 2 hours) and my brother-in-laws stayed there all night.
He is better now, but I can't stop shaking whenever I think of last night.
I really hate hospitals.
First Day
Hi!
Today is my first day on this website.
I would like to write better in English.
I like studying languages.
I also speak a bit of French, Russian, and Basque.
Basque is a language that is not very common, from the Basque Country, in Spain.
I'm originally from San Sebastian, in the north of Spain.
I'll try to write a little bit every week, so please help me with my English.
Thanks!!
Unlucky Student Almost Killed By Unprofessional Guy
Unlucky Student Almost Killed By Unprofessional Guy
Last Thursday, our good friend Yorch was almost killed by our not so professional chemistry “teacher” that was not sure of what their classmates were doing.
Cupper (II) Sulfate and Charcoal Car-bon were the   guilty substances.
“The incident had happened at chemistry lab, where Yorch, Sonic and I were making our experiment of Oxido-Reduction, but our disperse professor was not paying attention.
Suddenly, their substance glow in green, the glass got hot, and a few seconds later it ex-ploded in front of everybody.
Yorch, was the one holding the glass, so he was the one whose life was risking!” our good friend Mr.
Curly.
“He’s not capable of doin’ his own job.
He doesn’t even know that this compound can be mortal for a single student!!” were the words of this poor student that was only doing his work.
But the guy we’re blaming got a surprise when the student told him he was part of the “Wanted Dark List” of our dear Silvia, the “High com-mand” in the UVM.
So by the time he noticed, the last thing we heard from him was: “I knew it!
But I hate that disgusting guy!...
I had to do what now is done!!...-Unfortunately, it didn’t work…-” Some days later, we couldn’t find him in his address, neither in phone number nor with his mom.
Hope you to like the article...
I wrote it for my english class....
it's a tabloid article..
^-^
My first step, I need to walk everyday
Hi everyone,
Hi everyone.
I finished reading a message from my friend and I think I need to start writing everyday.
I finished reading my friend's message and think that I need to start to write everyday.
I finished reading a friend's message and I think I need to start writing everyday.
These days I need to write to practice English and I think that will be good for me, because I want to write everything I think
Currently I need to write to study for English and think that it will be goodnow because I want to write everything, I think
At this moment I need to write in order to study for english and I think that will be good for me right now because I want to write all that I think.
If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your spanish just ask me
If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your Spanish, please ask me
If you want to speak with me or if you need help with your Spanish, ask me.
Take care and hope for the best.
Take care and all the best.
Applying for a  scolarship.. Help me editing, please!
Dear Scholarship Committee, 
I am writing to you to express my desire to participate in the Scholarship Programme for English Teachers 2010-2011, applying for Teachers Development Course (TDC) at The Anglo.
Two years ago, I was granted a scholarship to study the Teacher Training Course. Thanks to this training I have had better tools to improve my teaching experience.
This training has reflected positively on my performance, which has been rewarded!I have used these skills gain responsibility andenhance my role within my organization.
My new role requires me to stay ahead of the curve;to continuously adapt and design language syllabi and material relevant to the real world.
The TDC syllabi states that after completing the training, the participant will have acquired skills on evaluation material and syllabus design.
Not only can I develop the skills needed at my current job, but also I can enhance my comprehension of the teaching-learning dynamics with more advanced students.
Using both, skills and knowledge, I am confident I will be able to make proposals to help create an environment to allow my students to flourishcompared tointernational standards.
Currently, as I study and build talents for developing our future leaders, I am unable to also work full time.
The TDC represents for me an excellent opportunity to continue improving;while eliminating a potential financial barrier to my career development, and ultimately the development of my students.
Due to these circumstances, my participation in this program appearstotally reliant on the generosity and judgement of the foundation.
I am looking forward to receiving the opportunity to study at The Anglo and to make a great contribution to my students.
Thank you for consideration of my application.
Yours faithfully, 
Jessica Viviana Toledo Aranda
Book Review
Atonement
Atonement is about the story of Briony Tallis, a 13 years old girl from a wealthy British family, who is preparing a play and makes a mistake having life-changing consequences for many.
Briony has got a crush on her maid´s son Robbie, a man who is in love with her older sister Cecilia.
During the day before the play takes place, Briony witnesses a moment of significant sexual tension between Robbie and Cecilia making her feel suspicious about Robbie´s intentions.
All her suspects increase when Robbie asks her to give Cecilia a letter, which Briony read without permission and that contained explicit erotic words.
Later, during a family meeting, Robbie meets Cecilia and they make love in the library, but Briony enters into the room and starts to think he was raping her sister making her suspects about Robbie´s intentions even bigger than before.
After that, two cousins of Briony run away from the house and while everybody was looking for them, she witnesses her cousin raping and puts the blame on Robbie based on her jealousy and conclusions.
Briony later shows her mother the letter she was asked to give Cecilia, and claims it as a proof of Robbie´s sexual attacks intentions making Robbie to be sent to prison.
Then the story develops into what happened after Robbie served sentence and joined Cecilia; nevertheless, at the end we realize all the facts described since Robbie got imprisoned were made up by an old Briony who could only manage her guilt by inventing a story with a happy ending starring Robbie and Cecilia.
I think Ewan McEwan wanted to show us that guilt feeling after conscious actions is something transverse to all ages, and that it can remain in someone´s life as a remorse claiming for divine forgiveness no matter how many times someone could have been forgiven by another human being.
Cecilia forgot her sister, but Briony never felt herself forgiven and she even thinks she deserves the pain and the miserable life she´s been living since she realized her mistake when she was 18 years old.
I liked the book because McEwanexploits the psychological battle inside Briony´s mind between what she did and what she could have done.
Besides, the author develops an excellent example of guilty motivated delusions, which were all motivated by Briony´s desire of redemption and divine forgiveness.
I really liked this novel, but sometimes, style seemed a little bit fancy, but is did its work by adding this novel the atmosphere it needed for reaching the main point of guilt and forgiveness McEwan wanted to show.
Please check my essay
Hi there. I have written this essay, and since it´s the first time I'm doing so, I would like to know if you could kindly check its structure.
English has become the international language for the
Tourism industry: the role of translators and interpreters.
During recent years, English has became the language of tourism, and since such activity has experienced a worldwide expansion, there has been an increase in the demand for professionals who can provide accurate equivalent sentences from languages deferring from English, in order to let more non-English speaking countries enter into this expanding industry.
Therefore, the role of translators and interpreters is extremely important as professionals who can provide that required service without mistakes leading to misunderstandings
An original sentence in a language may not have a literal meaning in English.
This is what happens, for example, with instruction signs originally written in Japanese, where you must put “please” on every imperative sentence, and that pattern is not a must for an English imperative.
This English grammar feature is known only by trained professionals, and the same happens with the need of “please” in Japanese imperative sentences; such knowledge is given under training to translators and interpreters who can put together peculiar aspects of two or more languages in order to provide coherent messages and not sentences in English such as ““PLEASE NO SMOKE IN HERE”, where the natural sentence would be “NO SMOKING”
If a sentence hasn´t been translated properly into English, visitors could experience lots of trouble, and visitors experiencing trouble are unhappy visitors.
This happens, for example, when a sentence translated from Japanese into English gives this result: “YOU ARE INVITED TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE CHAMBERMAID”.
Very hilarious, but actually in Japanese, that is the way for saying, “SHOULD YOU NEED SOMETHING, PLEASE TELL US”; hence, once again the need for people who can properly give the original idea from Japanese in English without giving a chance to misunderstandings.
Accurately translated sentences will bring ease of communication with your customers, and of course, it will mean a lot of saved time explaining what was originally intended.
Again, mistranslated sentences will help us. This example was taken from a Japanese to English: translation “COOLS AND HEATS: IF YOU WANT JUST CONDITION OF WARM IN YOUR ROOM, PLEASE CONTROL YOURSELF”.
Customers may experience distress and may even feel insulted just because the pattern was literally translated from Japanese, a language on which the pattern “By yourself” is correspondent to a single element “Jibun”.
There is no need to say that if the translation operation had been done by trained professionals, all that hilarious trouble could have been avoided.
Therefore, translators and interpreters play an important role in tourism translation because of the following reasons. They are the only professionals capable of correctly translating one idea to English without jeopardizing understanding by literality and without causing more problems than solutions by mistranslations to customers. The other reason is that they are trained to provide ease of communication when conveying ideas. 
Doubt regarding statements
Hello!
We have got this phrase and we wanted to know which is the difference between
A: Dad can you lend me $10 please?, I will give it back tomorrow.
A: Dad can you lend me $10 please, I am going to give back tomorrow.
What is the difference?
Because we understood that if you are asking for some money, it is logical to say "I am going", because you assume you have a compromise for giving the lent money back or not?
Thank you
Is my text correct? I had to fill up where there were numbers...
I live (1) in Sweden, but every summer I like to travel (2) to Britain to visit my family and friends.
I hate flying, so last summer I decided that
(3) this time I would travel (4)by bus, (5)according to the
brochure I received (6) from the travel agency, the bus would leave Malmo
(7) at 9.30 (8) on Friday evening and arrive (9) for London the following Sunday at 7.30 (10) in the morning.
The journey would involve taking a boat (11) in Trelleborg on the south (12) coast of Sweden to Travemunde (13) in West Germany.
Then we would drive (14) across Germany, Holland and Belgium (15) to take another boat (16) from Ostend (17) to Dover.
It sounded wonderful - (18) at least (19) in theory.
In (20) the end the journey was a nightmare from (21)start to
finish.
(22)In the beginning (23)of the journey, I made the mistake
(2) of not reserving a berth (25) at Trelleborg and berth is a very uncommon word in English, people would more likely just say 'bed'
Travemunde and it was quite impossible to sleep (26) due to the
(27) groups of drunk Germans and Swedes singing and
trying (28)to out do each other in (29) volume and 'intensity of' sounds strange here
vulgarity.
Also, I forgot that you are not allowed to smoke (30) in
Swedish buses, which made the journey (31) without stops seem even longer
than it was (32) in reality.
It also meant that when we did eventually
have a break I spent the whole time (33) making up for the hours when I had
not been able to smoke, (34) so I could not be bothered to
waste valuable "smoking" time (35)by queuing up (36)for a
meal.
(37) By the time we reached London I was a physical and mental
wreck!
I had not slept or eaten properly (38)for almost thirty-six hours
and all I wanted to do was sleep.
So I booked (39)into a really shoddy hotel
next (40)to the Victoria Coach Station and slept soundly (41) for
twelve hours, (42)at the same time vowing that never again would I
make the journey from Sweden (43)to Britain by bus (44)As a matter of
fact, (45) after that experience, flying took (46) me on a whole new
dimension and far (47)from hating it, I would not dream
(48)about travelling any other way now.
So, this is my first post
Hi there, I'll start this talking a little about me.
My name is Cristian, and I live in Chile, a little country in the very end of South America, I just finished my career as a Multimedia Communicator (it's a weird title), and I'm actually working as a freelance.
I'm not really interested in working for a big company, maybe if I have a good salary I'd be forced to take te job, but the life of a freelancer is priceless, Iwake up anytime, I just need to finish my work on time and try to get betterwhile learning from my mistakes, the sad part is that I don't get to go out much, my plan at first was to take my laptop and go to work at some Starbucks, the most comfy one, so I'd feel like I'm not unemployed!.
But my laptop broke...
Well, next payday I'll get it fixed so I can do that, it's really taking a toll to be at home for so long, I'm feeling like a hikikomori (that's a japanese term, I'm a little otakuish).
That's all I can think of, if you read this and want to know more just ask me!.
Thanks for reading.
Hi
I'm new here
I've been browsing here, but I still dont know how this site works. 
Well, I hope I meet people here and learn English. 
I have sore throat
I feel bad, the sore throat don't let me to work relaxed, I can't to talk a lot for the hurt.
I have taken the medecines but I follow sick, I think that I need another doctor, the weather is terrible since Sunday.
Fortunately, this month I don't aply in my english class unless I will be bad in my exam of speaking or in the oral exam, but the next mounth i will be studying, please I need to practice my speaking if you can to practice with me please tell me I dont' know maybe by msn o skype the important is to practice, because my speaking skill is bad I think a lot to answer.
Thank you to review my writen.
Good luck!
My problem with English.
I have a lot of difficulty with my speaking. Every time I try to talk with someone, I am so slow to talk. I would like to improve my conversational skills; I can understand a reading but it doesn't happen when I want to talk.
A  terrible day
Today, when I was coming back from the job to my home, in the distance I could see two strange men near my home. I didn't give the necessary attention, but when I was near the door I could see that the door was opened, immediately I asked my neighbors to help and we could catch a man inside my home. Fortunately, they couldn't get anything of my home, and the other two men escaped, but the police already have the identifications of the accomplices.
And my little dog?.......
well he was under the bed taking care of my socks jajajaja.
I have a lot work
Today, I found a lot work in my job, I have studyied Accounting and now I am working in a company since four year ago.
Every day I do different things with the differents areas.
One week ago happend something bad, A coworker ho working in the cash area took money of the company withou permission, I had to accept his mistake and finally he gave up.
Now is a little cold again, maybe later it will sunny.
Thank you for reviewing my report.
I lost a friend
Today, I feel sad because from now on I couldn't see my friend, I am fallen in love her, but she is scared of her parents, she know that i love her, we both were studying english in the same schedule, but this month she changed of schedule, now I miss her a lot, I try not call her much I don't want to bother her.
But I have the hope that she thought better the things and who knows maybe she and I can be together in a future not so far.
It is all for today, tomorrow will be another day.
Please, I need these sentences to be corrected.
What is correct?
In what part of the course are you?
or
What part of the course are you in?
I want to stay with you.
or
I want to be with you.
I am Bored.
I don't know what to do. I live alone in a rented room. Today is Sunday and I am bored. My best friend is far away. I called her but she didn't answer.
Maybe later I will take a walk. It is a little cold and I am hungry. I will go out to eat something.
The worst is that there isn't anything good on TV.
Thank you for reviewing my writing.
The weather is cold.
Today is a cold day, I will have to put on my jacket, I will take a walk and visit my friend, I would like to eat ice cream but the weather is terrible, I hope tomorrow will be better, 
Thank you!
My report for my class
When I traveled to Cuzco, I lost my suitcase, it happened like this, I got early to the bus stop and I gave my sitcase the receptionist, while the bus started to move forward, I imagined that my suitcase had already been placed inside the bus,well when I arrived to Cuzco, I asked the recepcionist for my suitcase and he told me that it was not there and maybe it was left in Arequipa as a consequence of a mistake, then I called the manager, when he approached me I had already been very upset and I asked him for an explanation, he told me that he would find it, then I went to the hotel, after one day the manager called me on the phone and he told me that they had already found my suitcase.
Thank you for your time.
I want to meet friends
Hello everyone, I would like to meet some people with who I want to have a friendship and also I can practice english because I need to improve in special the speaking, doesn't matter the country if you know to speak english....
very good!
if you know to speak spanish too.
Thank you.
local hero
Hi, lang 8 community. Today I want to talk about a local hero. I am waiting for your corrections, so help me please, ok?
This is the document:
LOCAL  HERO
GENERAL INFORMATION
NAME: JACARANDA  MENDOZA GARCIA
AGE: 26  YEARS  OLD
PROFESSION: LAWYER , PLEADED CLASSIFIED(CONFERRED A DEGREE) WITH SPECIALITY IN CIVIL AND MERCANTILE AREA
BRITHDAY: July 7th, 1983
NATIONALITY: MEXICAN
LANGUAGES: ITALIAN
ZODIAC SIGN: CANCER
RELIGION: CATHOLIC BUT WITH AN INTEREST IN BUDDHISM AND THE FRANCISCANS
FAVORITE PET: CATS AND DOGS
SHE LOVES: JUSTICE AND PEACE
HABITS: READING BOOKS WITH POSITIVE MESSAGES OR MORALS
PERSONALITY
1) PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS: SHE IS A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN OF MEDIUM STATURE, WITH DARK HAIR AND SKIN.
2) SOCIAL CHARACTERISTICS: SHE IS A VERY SOCIABLE PERSON AND MAKES THOSE AROUND HER FEEL SAFE. SHE IS VERY TENDER, PROTECTIVE, LOVING, ENTERPRISING, DREAMY AND DEDICATED TO HER WORK.
3) FORM GIVES TO ACT: ALWAYS ACTUA OF FORM REPOSNSABLE, IS VERY ACTIVE, IS PERFECTIONIST AND PERFECTIONIST IN HIS(HER,YOUR) WORK
4) WAY OF THINKING: SHE BELIEVES FERVENTLY IN JUSTICE FOR ALL AND IN STAYING TRUE TO ONE'S IDEALS, MAKING THE CORRECT DECISIONS AND DOING THE IMPOSSIBLE TO ACHIEVE ONE'S GOALS.
5) SHE IDENTIFIES WITH: SHE IDENTIFIES VERY MUCH WITH POSITIVE, REALISTIC THINGS.
6) WORKS: SHE HAS DONE A LOT OF COMMUNITY SERVICE
MAIN ACTIVITIES
IMPORTANT CONTRIBUTIONS
PREPARATORY: COMENZO FOR TEACHING TO READ AND WRITE A GROUP OF ILLITERATE PERSONS IN TALNEPANTLA NEAR WHERE SHE(IT) LIVES IN THE " HOUSE OF THE PEOPLE(VILLAGE) " 
IN THE SUMMER VACATIONS IT(HE,SHE) WAS FORMING(TRAINING) GROUPS IN THIS PLACE TO TEACH(SHOW) MATHEMATICS AND SPANISH IN BASIC AND HALF TOP LEVEL.
UNIVERSITY: INTEGRATE TO THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR THE EDUCATION OF THE ADULTS IN WHICH THEY WERE OFFERING TO HER SUPPORT OF DIDACTIC MATERIAL FOR THE PERSONS OF SCANTY RESOURCE AND MAJOR GIVE 18 YEARS, SHE WAS GIVING CLASSES IN THE SAME PLACE.
LATER SHE EMPLOYED AT ATENCION CENTER THE HELPLESS ONES SINCE  SHE WAS TAKING CARE AND ATENDIA BESIDE OFFERING MORAL SUPPORT TO PERSONS (CHILDREN GENERALLY) WITH AIDS AND CANCER, WHO WERE LEFT BY HER FAMILY Or WERE WITHOUT HOME
THE WEEKENDS IN THE CENTER WHERE SHE  WAS WORKING IN IT , SHE WAS GATHERING TOYS, CLOTHES, FOOD, FOR AN ORPHANAGE IN NOBLEMAN, WHERE CHILDREN WERE DEVOTING THEMSELVES TO TAKE CARE AND TO GIVE THEM HOPES TO FIND A GOOD FAMILY.
IN OCCASIONS SHE(IT) WAS GOING TO A CENTER OF ANIMALS LEFT WHERE ALSO I KNOW DEICABA TO TAKING CARE TO THE PETS AND WAS WORKING AS CUIDADORA, WAS LOOKING FOR THE ADOPTION OF THESE ANIMALS.
WHEN TEMRINO HIS(HER,YOUR) CARREA GIVES PLEADED SHE(IT) DID HIS(HER,YOUR) SOCIAL SERVICE IN A DIF IN WHICH SHE(IT) RESOLVIA CASES OF MISTREATMENT AND VIOLENCVIA DOMESTICATES, IT(HE,SHE) WAS LOOKING FOR THE BEST DISTRIBUTION OF GOODS IN A DIVORCE, THE GOOD PLACEMENT OF THE CHILDREN TO THE MOMENT OF THE DIVORCE, THE BEST PERCENTAGE IN THE NOURISHING PENSIONS, WAS OFFERING JURIDICAL ADVISINGS
CURRENT PROYECTS: NOWADAYS THIS SHE(IT) BEING EMPLOYED AT THE INEA SINCE SHE ADVISES GIVING HER SERVICES IN THE MILITARY FIELD 1 IN NAUCALPAN WHERE   SHE TAKES CHARGE OF THE EDUCATIONAL ADVISING OF THE SOLDIERS WITHOUT PRIMARY AND HIGH SCHOOL.
CONFERENCES AND PLACES SHE HAS BEEN: SHE  HAS BEEN IN HIDALGO AND MEXICOS STATE
FUTURE PROJECTS: SHE WANTS TO HAVE HEROWN JURIDICAL BUFFETE BESIDE HAVING POLITICAL CONTACTS TO CREATE A FOUNDATION FOR PERSONS OF ESACOS RESOURCES OR Q EU NEED HELP, HER WOULD LIKE TO BE SENATOR DEL CONGRESS, BESIDE HAVING A DOCTORATE IN LAWS
WHY DO YOU CONSIDER IS A HEROINA
FOR MY IT IS A LOCAL HERIONA BECAUSE MANY PEOPLE WHO HAS KNOWN HER HAVE COINCIDED WITH THAT IS A PATIENT WOMAN FULL OF LOVE AND FAITH WHICH HELPS HER TO OFFER VERY MUCH THIS SUPPORT TO THE DEMAS UNCONDITIONALLY.
correct my posttitled "LOCAL HERO"
Please, lang 8 members,can you correct my mistakes ifI have anyin mypost titled"LOCAL HERO"?
someone that really wants , correct my mistakes
To Someone that Really Wants to Correct my Mistakes!
Hi I'm Rosy. Today, community of lang 8, I want to talk about Mexican food. Typical Mexican food is really delicious because there are many meals that you want to eat, for example: You can eat in the mornings  or for  dinner "tamales." It's a corn meal with many flavors like pineapple or strawberry. Another example of "tamales" is with chili inside it. We put chicken or a little part of meat. Also you can drink a good "atole" because it is really sweet and there are many flavors but I love chocolate´s atole.
When you want to have lunch, you must go to a little Mexican restaurant in my country. Its name is " Fondita." You can eat many many Mexican meals. One of them is chilaquiles. It is made of tortillas with chili. You can accompany chilaquiles with cheese, onion, cream, chicken, eggs, or meat. Also you can eat in Fondita "comida corrida." You can call it fast food but it isn't the same because for first meal is slow, second is rice or spaghetti, third is meat or chicken with salad and finally you eat dessert like coffee with a piece of cake or a gelatin.
All Mexican food is spicy but it's the best reason to try it! It has unique characteristics that other meals don't have. I think that if you eat this food, you will fall in love it and you will never go back to the way you were.
Fallas!!!!(popular party in Spain)
Once a a year, in the beautiful city of Valencia (Spain) mysterious events take place.
This happens because long ago the men of Valencia carved wood and all the spare materials were accummulated and burnt in a big pile once year.
People thought that just as the useless pieces of wood were burnt so did the memories of bad things that had occurred up until then.
Therefore the city was purified and a new, fresh start was possible, until next year.
As time passed by, artists started to carve the worthless wood pieces making authentic pieces of art centered around a certain theme.
This was how the festivity called Fallas was born.
This year's winning monument's theme is "the hunter hunted" .
Of course it was burnt on the 19th of March.
During nightime there are many parties music and fireworks!!!! It's a very busy week!!!.
It gives good luck to dance around the burning monument holding hands.
Normally the firemen join in!!!
Let's do it !!! Let's dance!!!
Today, I'm absolutely exhausted!!
I had three exams .
I was in low spirits as I walked back home.
But then, I turned the music on!!!!
I stood before my sister's full-length mirror and danced to my heart's content.
I opened her wardrobe and pulled out scarfs, hats, 
anything that could add excitement to the game.
Her room became a real mess but I was able to perform the cobra, the bellydancer, the scooby doo (locking style).
Her room became a real mess but I was able to perform the cobra, the belly dance, and the scooby doo (locking style).
Before I realised it, my unsatisfied mood had drifted away!!!
I'd really like to learn more!!!
essay
A chapter full of challenges that I had yet to experience, would later help me to become a mature person.
Home Sweet Home
Well, let me tell you something about me.
I'm a student, yeah, but I'm studying far away from home.
On an island, in fact.
Because it teaches Languages in a college from here and blablabla...
And now I'm officially on vacation, so I've decided come back home for one month, with my mom and younger bro.
I'll see my friends too.
Being at home is a little troublesome but I'm happy to be here.
I'll try to do a lot of things while I stay here :)
My God, so much time!
Phew...
I'm totally lazy.
I haven't logged in since three years ago!
Oh well, I guess I must remake my introduction.
My name's Ana -nice to meet you!- and I'm from Venezuela.
My mother language is Spanish and I'm learning English ('normal' level) and now French (a very, very poor and basic level, sorry).
Since I finished half-year of college I'm on vacations right now, so I'll try to take some time of it to study and practice both of them.
I have one week to take a midly level of French before to do an entry in that 'langue'.
This is a challenge accepted!
I'm leaving now, write you later!
Anything check to this entry is very welcome, you know =)
P.
D: By the way, I'm studying languages so yeah, I NEED to learn those.
Comeback
It suposse that I should write a long entry about my vacations, the new semester on the college, languages, etc.
but, as usual, I was too lazy to do that and I ended up procrastinating my homework and other things too so I'll write it very shortly this time.
College is great.
I like all the signatures for this semester and I hope I can improving my French this time.
It makes me worried.
Vacations were fine, but not a big deal.
I'd like to spend so much time with friends for Christmas at least.
And languages...
I'm very serious with English.
I need to practice participle and perfect structures.
Some irregular verbs too, by the way.
French is going to kill me with its numbers and its verbal structures.
Well, tomorrow will be another day.
We'll see you soon, I hope.
violence on the border
This information provides a frame about the situation that is happening on that side of the border, and that directly affects Columbus District, N.
M.
Columbus is located at Luna County, New Mexico.
Luna County shares a 53-mile border with Mexico rendering it vulnerable to border crime.
Smuggling, drugs, generational poverty, legal and illegal immigration: the attendant problems of border proximity have a significant negative impact on our area (Slocum, 2011).
Based on US Department of Health & Human Services’ statistics, over 34% of the population lives below the poverty level.
Luna County’s child poverty rate is 43.4% - substantially above the national rate of 20.7% (US Census).
Columbus schools are part of the Deming School Public District.
Current DPS enrolment is 5,384 students – of which nearly 1,700 require bilingual instruction.
These figures include over 184 Migrant children and 315 children (134 families) that qualify as Homeless (NCES).
Isolation, generational poverty, high unemployment, illiteracy, population mobility, border proximity – all of these factors affect the entire county negatively and severely stress limited resources (Slocum, 2011).
Everyday approximately 400 students from Mexico cross the border to go to Columbus School (Interview with Columbus District Directors, August, 26, 2011).
Spanish is the dominant language for those students.
Due to the continuum exposing to the effects of the war, many of those students could be suffering from PTSD, explained Columbus District Directors on interview (Personal communication, August 26, 2011), as well as the students and school department who actually live in Columbus.
The consequences of living violence experiences on children include aggressive behaviour, isolation, poor control impulse, school refusal, poor school performance, guilt, depression, anxiety, approval of violence as a mean of conflict resolution, psychosomatic complains, sleeping difficulties, hypervigilance, hopelessness, as well as many other possible problems (Martin, 2002).
Young children often present with the following: generalized nightmares of monsters or of being threatened, tendency to represent the trauma in repetitive play, stomach ache and headaches (Preston, 2008).
Elbert (2009) address the impact that traumatized children reported lasting interference of war experiences with their daily life, which was corroborated by memory testing, scores in school performance and ratings of social withdrawal; those children also reported depressive symptoms and poor physical health, he states that the relation between performance and functioning in children is related to the total load of traumatic experienced.
Additionally, children exposed to direct and/or indirect violence at home and/or in the community often experience mental health problems that include posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and social, emotional, and academic problems (Henriksen, 2006).
In Columbus area, many students suffer from depression due to family issues, poverty and lack of secure relationships (Scolum, 2011).
Patients suffering from PTSD acute stress disorder often do present with a host of anxiety symptoms, depression symptoms, transient psychosis, and dissociation (Preston, 2008).
Children who tend to internalize negative feelings can be expected to become withdrawn, depressed, and anxious, boys and girls generally respond differently to violence exposure; improved awareness and intervention could significantly reduce the incidence and long-term effects (Martin, 2002).
Why english
As a computer engineer English language it's something that you always have to carry in your luggage.
Technical books are written in english first and this job is always pushing harder against the clock.
You have to be up to date so if you wait for translation of a book then it could be too late.
Raining
Today is the second time it has rained in my city.
I like the rain, but when I could get wet I don't go out!
It is because I always have my laptop in my backpack and I don't have anything to protect it!
I'm waiting for the rainy season.
I got rain boots and I want to use them!
I hope that tomorrow will be a nice day, because I don't want to get sick.
See u :)!
Lag
My aunt drives so slowly...
I can't understand people who drive at 70km/h (sorry for not making the conversion D:).
But, something funny happened this time! 
My other aunt had an operation recently, and she was in the car with us, so we had to drive slowly because she can be hurt with the movement.
I really don't know what was on my aunt's mind but, when we passed over some small caps (like ten together with 1 meter of distance between each other), my aunt accelerated xD.
It was funny, how she wanted to pass them quickly, but, the thing that is not funny is traveling at 70km/h the rest of the road!
Hi
Hi!
Nice to meet you all!
I'm Ayu.
I'm new here and I'm learning English and Japanese.
It'll be difficult for me because I lack imagination and I can't write anything.
It'll be difficult for me because I lack imagination and I can't write anything.
So, maybe this can help me learn languages and to write something.
So, maybe this can help me understand languages and to write something.
Stone Storm
My aunt (let's call her k) took me today to visit my other aunt (J).
J recently went through an operation , which was the reason why we were there.
The visit became longer and longer...
So, when i thought that we'd leave a very big storm started...
I hated my life at that moment, but more, I hated K...
After few minutes, big balls of hail started to fall (it seemed like stones), and k was so worried about her car...
At that moment i thought that the karma was at work.
lol.
The end :)
My first entry
Could you tell me how my english is?
I have signed up on this site because I want to learn to speak and write english as well as possible.
I read about this web site and I become interested, this is my first entry, I hope someone will review it, Thanks
Jamais vu and language learning - Is it possible that repeating the same word once and again can actually help you UNlearn it?
While I was reading some info in Wikipedia about psychological disorders - Capgras delusion, Cotard delusion, etc - I found something pretty interesting that relates to something that is common practice for traditional language learning, but that according to a study would be actually counterproductive...
Jamais vu is the opposite of deja vu.
In jamais vu, you face something you feel you have never experienced before, even if you acually know you've had the same experience before.
According to a study by Dr.
Chris Moulin of the University of Leeds, you can induce jamais vu through semantic satiation, which means basically fatiguing a patient's brain by overexposing him to a word.
[quote]He asked 92 subjects to write common words such as "door" 30 times in 60 seconds.
When they were later asked to describe their experiences, 68% showed signs of jamais vu.
For example, after writing "door" over and over again some participants reported that "it looked like I was spelling something else", it "sounded like a made-up word" and "I began to doubt that I was writing the correct word for the meaning".
Some thought they had been tricked into thinking it was the right word for a door.
"If you look at something for long enough the mind gets tired and it loses it's meaning," Moulin says.
According to Wikipedia,&nbsp;a linguistic explanation of this phenomenon &nbsp;is that this might be due to the nature of words, which have 3 characteristics: form, which is the characters used when writing it or the sounds that form the word when speaking; function, the word operates within meaningful sentences; and meaning.
When you are overexposed to a word you are actually overexposed only to its form, not to its function or meaning, so your mind focus on the form of the word, and its function and meaning are left out. Eventually you no longer recognize the word as anything other than a random chain of characters or sounds.I broke up the last sentence and made it it's own. In English, sentences are rarely very long.&nbsp;
Which made me remaind of the old times, when I used to "study"  kanji by writing words once and again.
Unfortunately, that kind of "study" is what lots of people think as "the way" for learning kanji and vocabulary.
After reading the aforementioned info, I wonder whether there could be some implications for language learning over the short and long term.
For example, this kind of reaction of the brain to word "overdose" would partly explain (at a neurological level) why writing things once and again leads to burn out.
If you want to learn something by writing it dozens (or hundreds) of times in a row, you might actually be working against your own brain.
Especially in languages like Japanese, could it be that semantic satiation due to suboptimal language methods leads to "unlearning" the kanji and words and creates a handicap for long term learning?
I know that most (or all) of us have "crammed" this way more than once, and it has worked (at least up to certain level), but do you think that this "semantic satiation" could be something that you should care about, or isn't it as negative or important as to worry about it?
Have you experienced jamais vu about something related to the Japanese language?
Now that I think about it, probably jamais vu would be the explanation for that strange sensation that pursues you when you just finish a test or exam, and suddenly most answers you couldn't think of before become apparent - those "Oh f*ck how could I miss THAT one" moments...
Sources:
Is it really you or jamais vu?
My first Lang-8 post
Hi, my name is Sebastián.
This is the first time I have written here at Lang-8, and to be honest it’s hard for me to decide  what to talk about, but if you don’t make up your mind and practice you’ll never improve, so here I go…
I’m studying English and Japanese.
I use the computer and internet a lot for studying, which has given me access to several great tools that every language learner should have access to, like blogs, forums, podcasts, sowftware and others..
As for English, its pronunciation is hard, but reading isn’t so hard.
Besides, on internet there are amazing amounts of information in English about any subject.
For example, I like stuff related to the use of computers and internet for both leisure and learning, and read sites like Lifehacker,Wikipedia and several others everyday.
Actually, I’ve learned a lot of English by reading and writing at sites about learning Japanese.
On the other hand, reading Japanese is something that takes lots of time and effort.
Even something as “simple” as reading the newspaper isn’t that “simple” at all.
Fortunately, I study kanji using a book called “Remembering the Kanji” by James Heisig, and also spaced repetition softwares for kanji and Japanese in general, which has helped me a lot not just to actually learn, but also to feel much more motivated to keep on learning.
As I said above, the use of the computer and internet has helped me a lot.
I think this is the best moment to learn languages, as practically anything you need can be found on internet, and even for free.
For example, Lang-8 is a great tool for every language learner, so I hope it keeps on having great success.
What do you think?
Introducing my self
Hi, i am Manolo, i am 42 and I live in Spain.
This is my first Time here and I would like to know somebody who corrects mi mistakes when i write in english.
so i will try write down some thing some times a week.
I studied english for 7 years in an academy 20 years ago, but i have started right now to practisse it again, so i need some help to make it better.
So thanks for all.
I have time for reading
I need a book for my time because now I can read.
I have less work so I can read .
I like reading in my room in my bed.
whichever book lend I read it.
my favorite kind of book is nothing because I like everything.
I think it is very short sorry
i need help with my written
hi, I am morik, and i really need some help, 'cause i think that i need more practice, pronuntiation.
can u help me please??
welcome to my paradise
first of all, my name is tulio, and i want to learn English, because nowadays companies require that you speak English
Last week, i saw a new advertisement, " they need a new reporter, but he or she must be able to speak in english.
please, could you help me?
Letter of introduction
Dear Sirs:
As stated in my CV, I’m a biologist with a zoology major from the Complutense University of Madrid.
During my studies, I took a special interest in the study of Biodiversity, Environmental Management and Fauna Conservation, and attended many conferences and courses related to these fields.
Following my graduation, I sat an examination with the Environmental European Agency, albeit with mediocre results.
The next year I entered a Master’s program in Environmental Management and another in Safety at Work.
A few months later, I was employed in a waste management company, where I was able to improve my organizational skills, interpersonal skills and knowledge of the Ofimatic software.
In the last few years, I’ve been studying to work in the National Parks Autonomous Organism of the Environmental Ministry of Spain, as a Junior and Senior Technician.
However, I have not passed the final exam for the environmental conservation speciality in the last two years, nor have there been openings to work with them up to now.
During these past few years I have been able to greatly expand my knowledge of Spanish and European legislation, the different International Conferences related to Biodiversity, and the environmental management tools used to protect open spaces and endangered species such as restoration and conservation plans and country planning.
I hope you will find my academic background and specialization to be of interest.
I hope furthermore that you will be able to forgive my level of English, and give me a chance to demonstrate that I can excel in this position.
To work for an organization as influential in the environmental field as IUCN is one of my professional objectives.
If you have any doubt, I would gladly meet with you to answer any questions concerning my resume and or discuss other possible concerns.
Yours sincerely, 
Proud to be Spanish
Last week was great, it was the week when a little revolution broke out in Spain.
Maybe it was the best news that I've heard in the last two years.
It was the week when people took to the streets and let the political class know that they didn't want to follow them and wanted to do things in a different way.
In the last 10 years all the political parties who had had government responsibilities in the different administrations, have accumulated enormous amounts of power.
They have used the Constitution and laws in their own benefit.
In this political situation with the current horrible economic and social scene, people have said stop.
Unfortunately most of the media, supported by the political machinery, have been uninformative about the little revolution.
We can only find the truth about it on the internet, mainly on social networks.
It seems that this social movement has been imitated all over the world, and that is what makes me feel good and proud to be Spanish.
Stephen King
Last week, I started reading a Stephen King novel, The Green Mile.
It isn't the first novel that I've read by this author, the last one was about 5 years ago.
My girlfriend says that he isn't a good writer, but I completely disagree with her.
If you read any of his books you will feel the whole scale of emotions that the characters feel.
You can't stop reading, and you finish the books in a few days, even when they are very large.
Another aspect that I want to mention is his enormous capacity for telling all types of stories, from terror to ordinary tales.
If you look in his bibliography, you can find stories that film directors have put into scene: from the beautiful story about the friendship of a group of children in The Body, terror tales such as The Shinning, Chrytine, or Carrie, and penitentiary scripts as The Green Mile or Rita Hayworth and Shawsank redemption.
The last one boasts an amazing interpretation of the main characters.
I think Stephen King has an impressive talent, and amazing imagination and I hope that he'll live long enough to finish The Tower book series; he'll need a lot of time to complete it.
No idea
Tonight I don't know what I can write.
This morning, I woke up early and waited for my nephews.
I had to take them to the school because they are only children and they need someone to bring them there.
I had to take them to school because they are only children and they need someone to bring them.
One hour later I went to the sports store, where I bought a pair of mountain boots and looked at different models of crampoons.
I want to practice ice climbing next winter, and now is the best moment to get a bargain.
I want to practice ice climbing next winter, and now is the best time to get a bargain.
Up until now the day has gone exactly the same as yesterday.
But now I remember that yesterday I went to the cinema, to see the Sci-Fi film Thor. I enjoyed it a lot, because Thor is one of my favorite childhood comic heroes.
That's because, when we were children, my brother told me that there aren't blond comic heroes.
Obviously he said this because he is brunette and I'm blond (or I was, because now my hair is going darker), and he enjoyed making me feel bad.
More tomorrow.
Bye
A little text
Good afternoon. In this text, I want to talk about the situation of the average student in Spain.
When you graduate from high school, you have a lot of options.
You can pursue Professional Education, look for a job or go to university.
In most cases, in the last twenty years, people have chosen university with the hope that it'll give them a better future than their parents had.
But it was a false hope, because the job market doesn’t have enough vacancies for most of them.
Nowadays, the fact is that we have a lot of people who have a degree and can't find a good job.
Some of them, trying to continue with their studies, attend masters programs or try to specialize, but only a few have success.
We have today an unemployment rate of almost 21%, and almost a million families with no source of income.
As you can imagine, it's a dramatic situation, and our government can't find the solution.
Thanks
Tips for writting a report
I am taking the position of a coworker who left the company. The job is simple when done in Spanish, but I will have to do most it in English. I am not too confident about this. 
I studied English at university. I learned a little bit, but I haven't had much practice, so worry that my coworkers' English skills are better than mine.
I need to reach their level.
Basically, I desperately need to learn how to write commercial reports in English.
These reports require a more formal tone and I am not really used to that. Do you all have any recommendations or tips to share?
I would really appreciate it.
Being a normal Chilean.
Every time I meet a foreigner interested in learning Spanish and also interested in learning the language in a spanish speaking country, their natural choice was Spain.
And I started wondering why.
It might be that Spain is closer to them because in Europe all of the countries are kind of together, or because of the currency.
But then again, South America is far, I know, but by plane is what 13,15 hours away from Europe?
then it is not that far anyway.
Plane ticket, much more expensive...
but wait, living here is much cheaper, hotels, food, clothes, everything is way cheaper.
Then what?
maybe because it is a dangerous place.
in fact not all south america is ruled by narcos and guerrillas.
there are so many places here that are safer than some countries.
South america is beautiful, I didn't understand that really but until a few days ago.
chile , my country, doesn't really have a culture of its own.
many things we appreciate being ours are actually the heritage of Spanish, German, or Dutch immigrants.
but this mix of cultures together with the effect of time over our population make us a country rich in art and architecture.
I've always felt like a foreinger among my people, and I guess that is why I like to observe them so much, so many simple things make us what we are, chilean and south americans.
Please if you are planning to visit a spanish speaking country, dont loose the chance of dropping in here or in any other neighboring country.
earthquake in chile
Last saturday I lived one of the worst days of my life.
the earthquake that stroke Chile devastating most of south chile and part of Santiago, city where I lived, was without a doubt the most frightening two minutes a person can imagine.
My country, this long and thin territory once again was damage in a way just holliwood might imagine.
From the nineth floor I could think of nothing but to survive, sounds dissapear, images became blurry, fear took over and when the lights went off only the feeling of protecting my friends kept me sane.
The images after the terrible movement were just too hard to bear.
people on the streets, flashes of light, children crying.
It is not the first earthquake of this intensity, in fact on 1960 there was another even worst, but everytime one experiences something like this for sure our way to face life changes.
I hope Chile gets on its feet again.
please send your prayers and help to this people who have nothing but hope.
[ENG] Vigo with GPS
Hi everyone!
Yesterday I had to go to Vigo because I wanted buy the B´s Log magazine.
It is a magazine about Japan, manga, anime...
like a japanese magazine [eg.
Cheese magazine] ^.
^ It is wonderful =9
I also bought "Ámame", Mayu Shinjo's new manga (I love this author).
I also bought "Ámame", a new manga by Mayu Shinjo (I love this author)
Well...
I went to Vigo with my boyfriend [Jacobo] and a friend [Favo] ^.
^ We hadn't been to Vigo before.  This city is horrible!
There are a lot of hills!
We couldn't find the shop (Norma Comics) and in the end...
we got lost!
U.
u
I thought about calling one of my friends from Vigo, but Favo decided to use his mobile´s GPS (My boyfriend and I were laughing because it was ridiculous XD)
At the end we got there following the GPS's instructions, and we found the shop.  XD  It was very fun!
We ended up following the GPS´s instructions and we found the shop XD It was very fun!
Thanks for reading and correcting me!
^_^
PS: I added a photo of my magazine and manga =)
My private room
Part 1
This is a text about my relation with my flatmate.
It´s been a year since I moved to this room.
At first we were pretty good friends, but not long after I realized how nasty she was.
She has studied pshycology so its supossed that her inteligence level is pretty high.
Perhaps she has an alergy to soap , I don´t know but she is unable to be tidy, to clean herself other to have a normal behaviour at house.
She doesn´t cook, she always waits for other flatmates cooking moments to start thinking what she may have for lunch,usually she eats meals cooked by others, cause painly we offer our meals to her.
I mean, she always wants someone to do something.
She isn´t able to manage anything for herself.
After eating her main worry is to lay on the sofa , and doesn't care if the dishes are clean or not.
Hola
Hola a todos, soy Mauro de Buenos Aires, Argentina y quiero aprender ingles espero que me puedan ayudar, yo puedo ayudar con el español, bueno si desean ayudarme por favor enviarme un mensaje.
Saludos
Hello everybody, I'm Mauro from Buenos Aires, Argentina and I want to learn English I hope you can help me, I can help woth the Spanish, well if you wants help me please send me a message.
Cya
Mauro
driver's license
I got my driver’s license three years ago in Spain.
Before I had gotten it, I’d been studying for about a month to pass the written test.
The test was easy and I passed.
After that I had to prepare the driving test.
I’d been worrying about it for months. I’m not a good driver, but I passed it.
Now I have been preparing my written test to drive in California and tomorrow I’m going to take it.
Wish me luck!
( In this text I want to use the past perfect and past perfect progressive...
I don't know if it I used them correctly)
I love surfing.
Surfing is the most important thing in my life...
I love surfing but surfing is very simillar to drugs.
It is very addicting.
Surfing is good for travelling the world and searching for different beaches.
I am now staying in Australia. For me Australia is for training. Im returning to Spain where I have veur contest and now I go surfing every day.
The Hospital
The Plansboro Clinic is full of patients.
Johanna is sitting in the waiting room, reading a magazine.
Mark walks by, wearing a lab coat, and carrying several patients charts.
Johanna: excuse me, do you know what time, Doctor Snider will be in?
I´ve been waiting for him for more then a hour.
Mark: sorry for making you wait.
But dont worry, he will probably arrive any second.
Johanna: thanks.
Doctor Snider enters the clinic...
Learning kanji
-- English：
Today I finished the 18th chapter of Heisig's book "Kanji para recordar 1".
It was a long lesson.
80 kanji.
But I rested for several weeks in between.
Bad idea
Now I know the basic meaning of 475 kanji.
Although soon I'll need to review previous lessons to remember the ones I've forgotten.
The last kanji I learnt today is 「諮」 which could be translated as "consult".
The method I use to remember kanji is based in association techniques, imagination, and "seeing with the eye of the mind".
For this word I'd "seen" a little man with a very big *mouth* placed over a big book full of *words*; and I #consult# that *second* mouth (not mine) when I have doubts.
(the bolded words are components of this kanji that could have that basic meaning in a separate form)
Freddyncalm
presentation
Hello, my name is Claudia. I would like to be a teacher. I like volleyball, romantic movies, and anime. I like music, but a hate the banda music or something like that. I would like to improve my writing.
hello
Hello !!
My name is Francisco.
My favorite color is blue.
I am a student.
I like pizza and hamburgers. 
I like to play soccer. 
Asking for Help
Hi. Could you help me with learning grammar.
When I use a computer, I feel very nervous. But, I need to do this in order to learn English such that it is a languaje that I can speak fluently.
Sleep
I have a dream, so I need to go to bed because tomorrow I'll have an exam :S.
I am sleepy, so I need to go to my bed because tomorrow I'll have an exam :S.
Tomorrow I'll write more than this; well I think so. See you later guys.
Exam Time
Today I have an English exam.
So I've got to go.......
I don't want to because the weather is cold and I prefer to stay at home.
See you!
More Security. Más Seguridad.
Hoy en día ya no es notcia pero quería compartir esta foto con ustedes.
Esta foto fue tomada cuando iba para la Universidad, saliendo de mi casa, pasaron y decidí tomar una foto discretamente :D.
Ahora las calles son patrulladas por militares para exterminar la corrupción y los policias corruptos.
It's not really news anymore but I would like to share this picture with you. I get what you're saying at the beginning of the sentence but it just sounds awkward in English.
This photo was taken on my way to class; they passed in front of me and I decided to discreetly take a picture :D.
The streets are currently being patrolled by the corrupt policemen and the military, which is trying to exterminate the corruption. I switched the order because it seems like the military is responding to the policemen.
Now the streets are patrolled by the military, which is trying to drive away the corrupt policemen to exterminate the corruption.
Here is the picture.
Thanks for your time.
Introduction
Hi!
My name is Mari Carmen and I'm a new Spanish user of Lang-8.
I hope to improve my English here and I want to learn French too.
Next year, I want to study for a master's degree in Design at a British or French university.
I hope to help anyone who needs help with Spanish .
Hi everybody..!!!
This is the first time that I have written here
I live in Spain and I am studying the second basic course of English at the Official Language School.
My level in grammar is good, although in conversation it is low.
The exams are in late May, so I'd like to improve my written English.
Everyday, during my meals, I turn the TV on to see the Vaughan program, who speaks in English and says sentences in Spanish in order to translate them into English.
Everyday, during my meals, I turn the TV on to watch the Vaughan program, who speaks in English and says sentences in Spanish in order to translate them to English.
Do you know who he is? Do you know who he is?
See you soon
How do you say?
The sun gives off (or gives out) light and heat
The sun radiates light and heat.
I don't mind if he's a bit short. 
I don't mind that he's a bit short.
Is this sentence correct?
Hi! How are you
Hi!
I'm Omar and I would like to meet people who speak English or Japanese,
I have been studying English since I was in elementary school, and 4 years ago I started studying Japanese
It's hard >.<
Hi.
:(
To be honest, I really don't like to write.
To be honest, I really don't like to write.
But that is only because I can't and I make a lot of mistakes.
This is because I can't do so and I make a lot of mistakes.
It's frustrating.
I hate that.
>:(
But then I realize that I'll never learn how to if I don't make these mistakes, even if I get embarrassed because of them.
Despite that, I still realize I'll never learn how to write if I don't try, even at the expense of making mistakes, which can be embarrassing. 
T_T
So, here I am...
Feeling ashamed...
--->  .
_.
Presentation
Hi people.
This is my first entry here at Lang-8.
It was a really nice discovery on the internet.
My native language is Spanish, which is weird in some ways, because I'm from New York, but I´ve been living in Buenos Aires since I was like five or six years old.
Therefore, I'm trying to learn (or maybe re-learn?
o.
O) english.
I find it easy to listen to spoken English, but I can't write it - maybe because I've never practiced my writing too much >.< -, so this is a little hard, but I think I can improve with some help.
Thanks for reading =)
The problems of learn a new language, especially English.
The problems of learning a new language. Specially English.
The problems of learning a new language. Especially English.
When I am learning English, I realize that it is not the same as if I was learning other stuff (for example, history, maths, economics...).
When I am learning English, I realize that it is not the same as if I was learning other stuff (for example, history, math or economics...).
However, I was taught at school in this way.
Learning vocabulary is relatively easy.
There is an English course called "El inglés con 1000 palabras" which affirms that a person can learn English by knowing the meaning of one thousand words.
There is an english course called "El inglés con 1000 palabras" which affirm that one person can learn English knowing the meaning of one thousand words.
I wish that were true.
I wish I could do that.
The harsh reality is that learning a new language is a hard thing for several reasons:
Item 1: Languages are formed by complex structures which are different in each of them.
If all the languages created the sentences in the same way, knowling the majority of the vocabulary, we would be able to speak fluently.
If all the languages created the sentences in the same way, knowing the major of the vocabulary, we would be able to speak fluently.
Since it is not like this, I have to "think in English" which is unnatural compared to the way I think when I speak my own language.
Since it is not like that , I have to "think in english" which is anti-natural to the way in which I think when I speak into my language.
Item 2: The different forms of communication.
In fact it is necessary to learn three ways to use a language.
We might think that if we learn the written form of a language we will be able to speak it and understand it.
After all, it is the same language and the person is simply saying the same thing in an oral way, isn´t it?.
This is not the case.
I frequently don´t understand some sentences.
I frequently don´t understand some sentences.
But when I see the same sentences written I realize they are easy ones.
Then, I feel disappointed.
Today I was watching the first chapters of "Boston Legal" in v.
o.
when I heard Denny Crane saying something like this:
Why `n you brif as?
One second later I looked up the script and I read: Why don´t you brief us?
I repeated the frame several times and I realized the sounds of the "d" and the "t" were almost nonexistent.
And there was a union between the words "brief" and "us".
In spite of that, I understand that all the people do not speak in a perfect way.
I think that the important thing is to pay attention to the "key words" which will bring to you the general meaning of the conversation.
Item 3: The embarrassment.
When somebody is learning a language he makes a great amount of mistakes.
And worst of all, many are childish ones.
Sometimes I am afraid to speak in English because of my pronunciation or because I wonder if I am speaking correctly the whole time.
Sometimes I am afraid to speak in English because my pronunciation or because I am thinking if I am speaking correctly all the time.
I think this is a great barrier that I need to overcome.
I am making big efforts to achieve it.
Thanks for reading my entry.
Really hungry ;_;
Whoa, I think I've never been so hungry.
Since December I have been eating only liquid food...
and it's truly torture!
It's because I had surgery.
I think it's called sleeve gastrectomy...
or something ·_·U They removed my biliar gallblader, too.
Because of this, my diet is really strict.
In the first month I only could drink hipocaloric drinks, it was my only meal, and it sucked xD at least they were chocolate-flavored...
Now I can eat purées and soup.
I like soup, but purées...
Yikes!
Next week I'm allowed to eat a little bit of bread.
Thank God!
I love bread!
But all this suffering will have its payoff
In two months I've lost 10 kg!
I hope I can keep it up.
Writing about my goals to a friend
What a wonderful career you have had!
I'm quite impressed.
As you said, I'm studying in college. I've already finished the second year and I'm about to start the third year (here in Spain, Psychology is a 4 years degree).
I'm completely sure that I want a career as a psychologist, but I don't know what major I want to chose.
My favorite options are clinical psychology, industrial psychology and social psychology.
However, my dream is to become a t psychological researcher, but it's really hard to become one in Spain.
Hence,I'm studying really hard for that and I'm getting great qualifications, so far. While "obtaining" is technically correct according to the dictionary definition, "getting" would be better informal english.
However, I need to improve my English if I want to receive an interesting scholarship. Your English seems quite good even though it's not perfect!
What do you mean by theoretical orientation?
Do you mean an orientation to guide your studies and career or do you mean the mainstream that follows my college (for example, Freud, conductism, etc)? 
By the way, I've been to New York a month ago. Technically "been to" is correct and certainly understandable but it is awkward. An American would say "I visited New York---or "I went to New York".
It was a wonderful experience!
Posting in a thread about gossip:I'm not sure if this should be "in" or "on" a thread...this is because I'm unfamiliar with the new social media language:)
Actually, I think that Gavin really has been cheating on Emma.
Don't all of you remember that he had been flirting with Monica, who is his partner in Gavin's new movie, before getting married to Emma?
Maybe Monica is trying to flirt with him again because he's now a millionaire and successful.
Anyway, either this is just a rumor or Gavin and Monica are having an affair . Emma must be suffering a lot because of all of this!
I hope that this ends up being just a rumor and ends with Gavin discovering the person who has been trying to frame him by spreading this false rumor.
Warning an employee about his bad performance
Dear James, Some serious problems have been brought to my attention relating to your working style and habits.
This is a formal letter of warning to ask you to improve your work.
Let me outline the areas in which you need to improve.
First off, you must improve your punctuality and time management.
This is a serious company and we love organisation and commitment.
Also, we would like you to become a better teamworker.
We know that you are a good salesman and that you have a great succes rate with your clients.
However, we want you to stop working by yourself and start sharing your skills with your workmates.
From now on, we will supervise your work carefully in the following two months and hope you turn those weaknesses into strenghts.
Your supervisor will write a report of your performance after the two examination months.
If you do not succeed and improve those skills we may prescind from your work in the future.
Nonetheless, if the report shows a betterment you could even be promoted.
Yours sincerely,
Mr.
Andrés, Manager of Sales Department
An e-mail answering to my friend Gilherme
Gillherme!!
I'm really great.
I have just come back Laura's house today.
I've been at her house for 10 days and I have had a marvellous time there.
We went canoeing today and it was pretty exhausting because our canoe was a bit broken at the bottom and the water was entering continuously, so we had to exert more effort (because the water that was holding back the canoe was heavy at times) and had to stop a few times to drain the water from the canoe.
However, I found it quite funny and interesting.
Now I'm going to be a couple of days without Laura and then she is going to come to my city, Valladolid.
Suggestion: She is going to stay another 10 days, in order to be with me until my birthday.
As you've probably realized, our holidays haven´t finished yet.
Our first day of university this year will be the 26th of September, but we have to start the application and that stuff next week.
We are keen to start our third year of Psychology!!
Have you already started your classes then??
What day do you have that extremely hard test??
You're clever guys, so if you study you'll pass that test with wonderful marks !
I'm completely sure!!
=D
It was too funny for Laura and me to read that you think that it must be awesome to celebrate a birthday in Spain!!
:P If you want to come to Spain and celebrate a birthday here, just let me know and I'll invite you to stay a few days in my house!
Give back the kiss to Thais and Mariana, send a great hug to Gabriel and save for you a kiss from Laura and a hug from me!
Take care!!
Psychology orientations
Hi again!
So my college orientation (now that I really know what orientation means in this context :P)is focused mainly in the cognitive-conductual school, but nowadays positive psychology is increasing its importance.
Actually, in my college, most of the teachers are a bit opposed to psychoanalysis and Freud because they say it's not a scientific psychology.
However, I think that the best option is not to be extremist, and for me that means not to follow all that Freud and his succesors taught, but also not to refuse everything.
But that's only my opinion.
I agree with you in what you said about there being many areas of psychology which are not clinical.
Actually, in Spain, few of the students end up doing a clinical career.
Yeah!
It will be wonderful to correct your future writings in order to help you to learn more Spanish!
Andrés
Preparing for a soccer match
When the clock alarm went off this morning, I just wanted to sleep a bit more.
I had sleep deprivation because of the heat and the noise.
It is summer now in Spain, so it's pretty warm.
Also, the parties of my city have just started, hence even in the night the noise which comes from the streets is a bit louder than desirable.
After snoozing for a while, I was startled awake by my dog's barks.
As I prepared myself, as fast as I could, to go out and to meet my friends in the soccer field, I checked my mail.
Happily, I saw that during the night I had received that important mail I was waiting for.
Before leaving my house and heading to the match, I gave two kisses to my mother and rubbed my dog's back.
Thanks to its barks I arrived just in time. 
A letter of complaint
Dear Blue Cruise Alaska,
I would like to lodge a formal complaint against your company.
I would like to lodge a formal complaint against your company. Or, you could say "to make a formal complaint to your company".
Your brochure is a complete misrepresrntation of the services I recieved.
What I was promised in your official brochure is completely different from the service I was given.
The reasons of this complaint are specified, over the followings paragraphs: 
The reasons for this complaint aregiven , in the followings paragraphs: 
1.
I was told that I was going to see a great number of animals in their habitat, including walrus, seals, penguins and whales.
I had been told that I was going to see a great number of animals in their habitat, including walruses, seals, penguins and whales.
Eventually, I saw a whale but it was in a movie, which was utterly disappointing.
2.
There are hidden charges.
There were extra and hidden charges. was and were in english are the past tenses usually given as había estado in spanish--in english it's just one word.
3.
The captain was unprofessional.
He always slept late and drank alcohol.
He always got up late and was always drinking alcohol.
4.
I paid for a fortnight cruise but our journey ended on the tenth day.
I have had paid for a fortnight cruise but our ship finished its journey on the tenth day.
Hence, I have lost five days of vacation which I paid your company for.
Hence, I had five days of vacation stolen from me.
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an explanation for this, along with a fair compensation for the inconvenience this has caused.
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible apologizing for all the trouble that I had which were caused by your poor service and offering expect you to offer me appropriate compensation.
Yours sincerely, 
Andrés
Informal e-mail to a friend just promoted
Hi Anne!
That's great news!
I knew that you were going to be promoted,but I'm quite impressed it happened so soon!
You're really hard-working and I'm pretty sure that you'll be at the top of the ladder within 3 years.
I'm happy to see that your boss is so pleased with your role in the company and that he has noticed your ambition!
Try to take advantage of those workshops you are about to attend and the on-the-job training your boss is going to provide you!
I'm also relieved with your pay raise -- now you won't have more problems with your bills. 
And yes, let's meet tomorrow at Starbucks. I'm thirsty for a frappuccino!
Don't worry, I'll call Sue and tell her about our meeting.
Take care!
Your proud friend, Andrés
The Story of Deborah and Roger
Story of Deborah and Roger
Deborah is completely indifferent to Roger despite the fact that they work in the same office.
Deborah is completely different from Roger despite the fact they work in the same office.
On one hand, Deborah is outgoing, friendly, funny and is always thinking about having a fun time.
On the one hand, Deborah is outgoing, friendly, funny and is always thinking about having a fun time.
She also loves dancing and going out to clubs.
She has tons of friends and avoids being at home alone.
She has tons of friends and avoids being at home and alone. I think this retains your meaning that she doesn't every like being alone.
On the other hand, Roger is really responsible and is really looking forward to his future and wants to get a promotion next year.
On the other hand, Roger is really responsible and is really looking forward to the future. He wants to get a promotion next year.
He enjoys being at home alone reading a book.
Also Roger is saving money to buy a house in the suburbs in order to move into there with his girlfriend, who he wants to ask if she wants to marry him soon.It would be better to say -Roger is also saving money to buy a house in the suburbs in order to move there with his girlfriend. He wants to ask her to marry him soon
Also Roger is saving money to buy a house in the suburbs in order to move there with his girlfriend, whom he wants to ask to marry him soon.
Deborah thinks that Roger is a bit boring and doesn´t know how to enjoy life.
Roger's opinion about Deborah is that she should care more about her work and future, and not to be all the day thinking about partying.
However, Roger opinion about Deborah is that she should care more about her work and future, and not all day be thinking about partying.
Writing about a TV survey
Yesterday I read the results of a survey conducted in order to know more about TV viewers and mainly what sort of TV programs they like most.
According to the report, the respondents were divided into different age groups (0-18; 19-30; 31-45; 46-60; 61 and older), genders (male and female) and according to type of job (blue collar jobs and white collar jobs).
The figures I could see in that research were really interesting and showed me, for example, that almost all the people prefer to watch the news in the evenings rather than in the mornings and that the documentaries are watched more often than cartoons, talk shows or games shows.
Also, I found figures in the chart that pointed out obvious things, that the young people love reality TV, for example.
In conclusion, reading that survey was a great way to spend 10 minutes. I learned interesting things and gave me the inspiration to write another entry for Lang-8.
My trip to the U.S.A 
This summer, my girlfriend and I have been to two cities I consider an obligation to visit at least once in your life: New York and Miami.
At the beginning we were going to go only to New York and stay there for a month, but my girlfriend's father lives in Miami.
Hence, we decided to go to Miami as well, and stayed three weeks in New York and one more week in Miami.
Our time in New York was unsurpassable.
We did a lot of sightseeing and we are sure that if we had had another three weeks to see New York we would have the same feeling that we have now, that we have a lot more to see in that city.
I must admit that our location was incredible, because we stayed in a hotel just a block away from Central Park, and just 3 blocks away from Columbus, a landmark at the corner of Central Park nearest to Times Square.
Apart from the sightseeing and the shopping, we enjoyed our time there a lot because we learned a lot of English, both in the academy and in "real life".
When we moved on to Miami, we were a bit sad about leaving New York, but we also realized that it was a lot of fun there too.
We visited a lot of my girlfriend's relatives, whom I hadn't seen before (except in photos) and they were really nice.
We visited Miami Beach, with its wonderful white sand and crystalline water,_and relished wonderful food, because my girlfriend's father is a great cook.
To sum up, I have had a beautiful experience with excellent company and visiting excellent places.
presentation
Hi! I´m berenice. I´m a student in Mexico and this year I´m going to take the TOEFL, so i need help.
My conclusion of my essay about 3 famous sports in US
 Finally, when you come to the United States it is necessary you have a notion of these three sports, because you can see basketball around the world or almost the world, but the mother of this sport is here.
Then American football is part of the American culture you never can see in other country, it is your unique possibility.
The last one, NASCAR is different than others car races, you don’t have elegance or luxury than F1; in NASCAR you have warrior soul.
For this reason you need learn about these sports, so if you want understand the American passion for the sport.
Ordering at McD****lds
- Welcome to McD****ld's.
May I take your order?
- I would like one Big Mc menu.
- Would you like medium, large, or super size?
- Medium, please.
- Whith fries or country-potatoes?
- Regular fries.
- What would you like to drink?
- Coke, please.
- Would you like any sauce?
- Yes, one ketchup.
- One Big Mac menu, fries and coke medium.
Will that be all?
- Yes, thanks.
- The total comes to 6,25 euros.
- Ok, could I pay with credit card?
- No, I´m sorry, only in cash. 
Would you like to pay in cash or with a credit card?
what i like about him
I'ts not very original, is it?
Girl meets boy, boy meets girl.
But, hey I'm talking about me right now, so that means strange girl meets strange boy in very weird circumstances.
Currently, the cold and naked truth Is that I can't no anything.
He is in London, I am in my home town.
But I dont want to talk about it, I want to talk about why I think it's a good idea to try to know him better, to try to break all my psochologial barriers and to find a reason to be alive outside of myself.
The first, and the most important thing is that he is not the kind of man that I can manipulate.
Being honest, sometimes I can be a awful and cruel bitch, and I know he won't cede to my dirty emotional blackmail or my not less dirty guilt trip.
So, I' m happy cause I think I' ve finally found someone who can see my real face, which includes my dark side, and, at the same time, I am worryed because I am really used to manipulate people's emotions instead of say "i'm sorry" when I am wrong, and I think it's gonna be hard to give up with it.
Although, i really believe a person like him can make me be a better girl.
The second thing I like about him is that he knows about what I am talking about when I talk about pain.
His life hasn't been very funny, really.
He is able to understand me when I talk about my broken family, my fears and my contradiction, cause he has lived all that.
He know what yo feel when you love and hate at the same time, when you are surrounded by people but you feel totally alone.
For me, this is important.
I dont want a relationship with the happiest person in the world, I just want someone who can understand my fears, my contradictions and my madness.
And maybe cure it.
The last thing is that I like his turned-up nose and his tattoos.
No, I'm serious now, I find him cute.
It's strange, because I've passed almost my whole life obsessed with guys who seemed to be Kurt Cobain's brothers: skinny, blondes and with a hippie style.
And he is not blonde, he doesn't have long hair, he is not anorexic and he is more of a punk than a hippie.
I need a hero!
I’m a bad cooker.
No, really, I think I am the worst cooker in the world.
For me, a simple thing like beat some eggs can be a terrible battle between the eggs and me (and yes, the eggs always win) leaving, as a result, a dirty, dirty kitchen which I have to clean after ending with the eggs.
Being honest, I didn’t use to care so much about cooking.
My mother is an excellent cooker so I didn’t have to worry about learning something about how to prepare food.
But now I’m going to move to a foreign country, completely alone and I have nobody to cook for me.
And I’m scared.
Actually, I’m terrified.
I can perfectly imagine the main stories in the news : young student starved to dead because she was too stupid to boil water, or young student sets fire on her house trying to make toast.
Of course, in the next mouth I can try to learn something about it, but I have been thinking of it and finally I got to an idea: the best thing I can do is find someone who cooks for me.
Somebody who enjoys cooking, and, if it is posible, I would like a tall, handsome, intelligent, clever, funny and charm boy, interested in body art, who admires Jackson Pollock and Philiph Rotko, and enjoys listening to alternative music, reading good literature, underground comics and fanzines and well, explaining it in Lou Reed words, walking on the wild side.
Yeah, thats exactly what I need.
Any offer?
gay!
Everybody is gay.
Absolutely everybody.
During this year, my best friend, my lovely mate from my French class, the boy who sits in front of me in history class and the ex-drummer of my band have confessed their homosexuality (Well, in fact my history classmate is bisexual) and I've noticed that it has been really hard for all of them.
And I ask myself why.
Why do all the non-heterosexual people have to make an extra effort to do anything.
Sorry, but I'm angry.
I'm angry with all these people who are talking nonsense against gay marriage. I'm extremely angry with all the people who says things like "it's unnatural" or "it's against the moral concept of family" or rubbish like that.
Come on, where is the problem?
Do gays abuse women?
Are gays in skinhead bands?
Are they misogynous?
Well, I guess the answer is no.
So, again, where the hell is the problem?
I' m bisexual.
As long as I can remember, I have "been attracted to" or "felt attraction for" both girls and boys.
And I'm proud of my sexuality, and I have never lied about it, but the truth is that not everybody want to understand that you have the right to love whoever you wanna love, and that this is not a problem, or an illness.
Homosexuality is not an illness, but homophobia IS.
she's lost control
Beauty is relative.
We are all our own piece of art.
It' s so , stimulating, because you can recreate yourself every day, every morning.
Because it' s yours.
your body is yours; it' s your only possession.
You wake up and you build yourself, with colourful cloth and piercings and dyed hair and fierce eyes.
Every morning, before I get into the shower, I'm just my own idea; then, when I choose the appearence, I choose to be myself instead of being anyone else.
My body is MINE.
To tattoo it, to pierce it, to fuck with girls and boys, to become the person I want to be the person I am not yet.
All my acts have a meaning. You could also say "every act has a meaning."
The touch of my hands, and the touch of your hands too, will never be limited.
I believe in the human being, I believe in myself, I believe in every word I am writting right now, so that's why I have magnified sex, love, fashion and Kate Moss's life.
That is the reason behind my interest in exploring the limits of control, the reason why I am going to move to London at 18 years, that's why I have sex in my room while my family is sleeping or have my hip bone tattooed with a colourful dragonfly.
Because I love control and adore losing it.
Here I go!
I can't remember exactly when it all began.
I started my last course before university in September having absolutely no idea of what I wanted to study afterwards.
I think it probably was a good friend of mine who first told me about the possibility of going to Great Britain and studying there.
Without saying a word to my friends and relatives, I began to seach for information about going to Great Britain to study.
What courses could I do? What kind of economic facilities are available to me? How does the application process work?... And so on.
Really, just loads of information.
Here in my home town, they only offer a few courses , but the courses available in Great Britain are astonishing:: philology, philosophy, the arts, psychology, etc
Fnally I decided to study History of Art.
I have been interested in art as long as I can remember but, being honest, I dont have enough talent to be an artist.
But I really would be very happy in a job with direct contact with the art world , such as a museum or gallery, and that's why I believe this is my dreamcourse.
I applied for six universities in GB .
from Aberdeen to London.
I was admitted to four of them and I finally decided to study in London.
Right now, I have to do the IELTS exams to show I have enough knowledge of the language to show I can follow my classes in english.
And, truly, I can't believe this is really happening to me.
The idea of moving to Great Britain and to study there, in the beginning, was only a crazy possibility and now it's almost coming true.
I just can't believe it!
my curriculum part ONe
NAME: xxxxxxxxxx 
PROFILE: 
The main reasons why I think I could be a good tour manager are my ability to react quickly to unexpected problems, which allow me to provide creative solutions to any kind of trouble, either working alone or being part of a team, my sociable and  outgoing personality and my great capacity of self-improvement.
PROFESIONAL EXPERIENCE:
June-September 2009: Concert coordinator Second Assistant: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The job consisted on helping the concert and events coordinator on a variety of tasks focused on the organization of events, such as:
• Helping with the programation, planification and slotting of concerts
• Liaising with the bands
• Dealing with some basic technical tasks
• Organising some aspects of promotion and advertising
• Trying to create a confortable and warm ambient for both the public and the bands
During this period working on a night club I consolidate my organization abilities and my comunicative skills.
It was also a great oportinity to develop my capability of response: I learned how to solve problems quickly and apropriately and how to avoid going blank, and I  started to wotk alone and to take my own initiatives and carry it out sucessfully.
Michael Cunningham.
From my point of view, Michael Cunningham is one of the best american writters ever.
Since his first novel, (A home at the end of the world) he has showed to both public and literary criticism his delicate and powerful harmony: he is able to mix tenderly with sex, complexe psichologycal characters with simple actions of cotidian life, bravery with the most commom human fears, he is able to create a strange and wonderful but completely full of human emotion universe.
Consumate expert in literature, he is not afraid of mixing and exploring the personal world of another writters with his own imaginary universe.
First in The Hours, making a complex and poetic recontruction of Virginia Woolf last days, combined with the lives of another women who, although they were not marvel writers as Virginia, they have the same feeling of anxiety and fear, the feeling of being prisoners in a society which was not sensible enough to understand them.
Them, in Specimen Days, he chooses Walt Withman aa  muse, and he show us how can poetry can save us, with his particular and ashtonishing mix of lost, maybe perverse but always delicate characters.
Michael Cunningham is the writter who best explains in a poetic way how is the human condiction: the feeling of uncomprehension, the pass fo time, the lost of control, the madness, the love, the poetry.
a short tale
_Aléq?
_Yeah?
_Sorry, I’ve changed my mind.
I’d like something to drink, if you don’t mind.
_Of course.
Tell me what.
_ Do you have milk?
Cold milk?
Cold milk, she said.
I left Pía on the sofa, taking off her gloves.
When I returned  from the kitchen with a glass of milk in my hand, she was sleeping.
She fell asleep because she will never let me see her vulnerable side, when she's between sleepiness and wakefulness.
She will never allow me to see the real Pía.
Her hair was spread out all along the sofa.
Her wonderful green eyebrows, her fierce deep green hair. I dunno how hair can be fierce, but hey
Behind the cotton of her underwear, Pía’s pussy was also as green as wet leaves.
She was as pure and tall as a mountain, with her pale pink summer dress.  "High as a mountain" makes it seem like she's crazy high on drugs.
I thought to myself that I would like for her to wake up and share her glass of milk with me, but, of course, she didn’t do it.
3 guys, 1 song :)
Well, I have no doubt that Glue (the Neutral Milk Hotel version, not the original from the Gerbils, sorry)is a wonderful song.
Maybe one of that songs which can save a life,like David Bowie’s Life in Mars or the wonderful, uncomparable version of Leonard Cohen’s Hallelujah by Jeff Buckely.
Glue belongs to the group of songs which can make you believe, even in a terrible moment, that life is something painful but beautiful.
If you can understand this incredible song. If you can understand its honesty,the courageousand at the same time naive way in which the song tells you, in the most simple and direct words, how fear and love works , then, my god, the world is yours 
I think it was last summer, I was spending my day with some close and dear friends, they are also as musically fanatic as me. We were lying down in the garden, under the sun.
We were talking about this song, about what was the exactly meaning of the lyrics.
Leo said that he had read it was a song about drugs.
Well, he told us that thereare a lot of songs and poemsthat were written in this way, hiding something inside.
Bob Dylan ‘s Mr Tambourine Man’ is not a song about a musician, its about a drug dealer.
He explained to us that the singer of the song is not speaking about a girl but is speaking about his relationships with drugs, the only thing which can save and help him when he is alone and locked inside his fears.
So, he added, thats why he says at the end on the song “and I will scream, she hears me/I will tell myself she loves me/and all the lies and fears will stick to me like glue.
_Come on, guys! He is speaking about being hooked up on drugs.
Every time he feels sick, or tired, or sad, he takes shelter into drugs, but he also knows that doin it is saving and hurting him, thats why he said all the lies and fears will stick to me like glue.
God, even the referente to the glue is so evient.
_No way!_ said my friend Kess_ You dont have a heart, you dont have feelings, its a song about love, about how love can not only protect you from your own fears but also give you a lot of new ones. 
He is telling us about a girl, he is making a perfect portrait of the girl he loves: She comes whenever he needs her, but she also takes drugs, she also leaves the room, she aslo lies.
And he is afraid, everybody who is in love is afraid.
But the important part of the story is that, in spite of them being scared, they are together with all their fears, sharing the love and sharing the drugs and sharing their fears.
Thats was what made her love so beautiful and real which can smell like glue. !
Its one of the most beatiful love song ever because shows both parts of love, not only the beautiful, sweet one.
_Hey, what about you, girl?
_ Leo asked me _ What do you thing about the song, love or drugs?
_Hey, who cares?
There is a lot of possible explainations, and guys, I believe all of them.
So, shut up and let me enjoy the song.
FOR THE FUTURE:
Strategic Planning:
Last July, a select group of TECNOFARMA representatives outlined our Strategic Plan for 2011- 2016.
Themes that were developed included Mission, Vision, Values, Strengths, Weaknesses, Threats and Opportunities for the company.
Mission:
We are a pharmaceutical company dedicated to healthcare, consisting of a professional team that surpasses the expectations of its customers, offering a variety of products and innovative, quality services for the Peruvian Population.
Vision:
To be the number one company in the Peruvian pharmaceutical market, profitable and socially responsible,
Integrated with an innovative, dedicated and customer-oriented team.
Values:
Leadership: We strive to exert a positive influence on our clients.
Integrity: We are honest, transparent and responsible in everything what we do.
Teamwork: We combine our forces and knowledge for the achievement of our goals.
Innovation: We are doers with a creative and enterprising spirit.
Commitment: We feel that the company and its projects are a part of our lives.
Passion: We put intensity, feeling and courage into everything that we do.
Respect: We treat all persons with equity.
Austerity: We are responsible with assigned resources, putting them to reasonable and profitable use.
In addition, we agree on our strategic aims for the next five years:
Sales: Increase of one hundred percent in the next five  years.
Market Share Values, (IMS): To be inside one or three company with a market share dont less to six percent, (6%).
Market Share Prescriptions,(CLOSE UP): To be inside one or three company with a market share dont less to five point six percent, (5.6%).
I am very optimistic about the future, we have a good professional team, are very competitive and have a desire to see growth inside the company. Most importantly, we strive to have the best products, and the best synergy for anything general manager.
other pages from my website (please correct my English)
“ESTIMATES” (title of the page)
Translation rates are calculated according to the following parameters:
Number of words of the original document
Urgency of the project
The format of the text to be translated
If you need an estimate, you can fill in the form available in the Contact section of this website and send me the document so that I can proceed to evaluate it.
I will send you an estimate, after which you may decide whether or not to go ahead with the work.
Note: No estimates will be delivered without my seeing the original document.
[The following part is an Microsoft Excel table with three columns: first column 
"PASE's services, second column: details, third column: rates]
I.
Translations 
Details
1-Rate per source word in text editable format (i.
e.
Word)[EN < ES] €0.05 / $0.06 USD
2-Rate per source word in non-editable format (.
pdf, .
jpg) [EN < ES] €0.06 / $0.08 USD
3-Rate per source word in editable format: (doc, .
txt) [ES < EN] €0.06 / $0.07 USD
4-Rate per source word in non-editable format (.
pdf, .
jpg) [ES < EN] €0.07 / $0.09 USD
II.
Revising and Editing 
Details                        
1-Rate for revision and editing of text: 30-40 per cent of the total asking price for the main work (percentage to define the rate depends on the text format )
III.
English Classes
Details: 1-Rate per hour €12 / $17 USD
IV.
Transcripts
Details: 1-Rate per page €0.54 / $0.74 USD
V.
Subtitling:         
Details: 1-Rate per word [EN< ES, ES < EN] €0.08 / $0.11 USD
VI.
Web translation / localization
Details:
1-Rate per source word (both language combinations: same as translations
2-Rate per source word (+localization: user interfaces, menus, graphics editing, URLs) €0.08 / $0.11 USD
“ASSOCIATES” (title of another page)
Official webmaster 
Development Engineer of Traduccionespase.
com (Traducciones PASE)
Other associates to be added soon.
“CONTACT” (title of another page)
For queries, please complete the form on the right or send me an email with your company information and the deadline for the document.
Name:
Mail:
Contact Phone:
Company name:
Service: Translation, Revision and Edition, English Classes, Transcripts, Subtitling, Web localization.
Query: 
Language Combinations:
English > Spanish
Spanish > English
Deadline:
Document(s) to be translated:
Bottons: Send  Reset
one sentence left from the previous post
In addition, the Federal Government shall promote and support the building of infrastructure at the field level in order to preserve the balance of moisture, in favour of those who exploit all available water resources.
For such purpose, the Federal Government shall agree with the state governments as well as user organizations managing districts and irrigation and drainage units in regards to investment for the modernization of inter-farm infrastructure and promotion of private and social participation in water works, and shall technically and financially support producers that may require it in order to improve irrigation efficiency at the farm level.
ABT / A Master's in Translation
Currently, I have completed all the courses from my Master in Translation Program.
Yet, I haven't received my degree yet, because I haven't taken my last exam.
In Spanish, we call to this condition "Egresado", however, I'm not sure how you say this in English.
Most dictionaries say that I should use "graduate", but I don't have my degree yet.
I heard other translators say that they should use "A.
B.
T", which stands for "All but Thesis", but I have my doubts as to whether it is used or not.
Can you help me, please?
I'm translating a website in which I offer my services in English. I need correction. Thanks in advance
Services
Translation
Translation involves much more than simple transcription in which the content of a text written in it's original language is produced word by word in a different language.
Translation involves much more than simple word-for-word transcription of the content of a text into a different language.
The translator must always seek the most accurate terms from reliable sources and diligently revise, correct and edit his work in order to ensure the highest quality of translation.
Revising and Editing 
While revising and editing are part of the translation process, I can also revise and edit texts already translated by other translators and people that might not be specialized in translation. Perhaps restructure this to say:While revising and editing are part of the translation process, I am also willing to revise and edit translations of texts that have either been translated by other translators already, or have been written by people who may not have a specialty in translation.
While revising and editing are already inherent in the translation process, I can also revise and edit the work of other translators including non-specialists.
The charge for both services is the same as what I charge for one translation. This represents 30 to 40 percent of the total cost.
Both services are included in the price of translation, representing thirty to forty per cent of the total cost.
*Aspects of the texts that I will both revise and edit include:* that are both revised and edited include: spelling, grammar, *written structure* writing and *any use of* specialized terminology.
Aspects of a text which I can revise and edit include: spelling, grammar, writing and specialized terminology.
In addition, it is important to ensure that the text is consistent, *that it always maintains* *the fluency in reading,... I'm not sure what you intended to say here* and *accurately upholds* the thematic progression *evident in the original content*.
In addition, it is important to ensure that the text is consistent, maintaining the maximum degree of fluidity and logical thematic progression throughout.
What *is the difference between* revising and editing?
What is difference between revising and editing?
First of all, revision may be performed by more than one person.
The reviser's task is to correct superficial errors, such as spelling and grammar mistakes, as well as smooth out the language and the layout of the text.
On the other hand, the editor's job is to ensure that the revised text does not preserve any such errors.
One also sees to it that the terminology and style are consistent throughout the text, to adapt the style and level of language to the target audience, and, of course, to make sure there are no contradictions or ambiguities within the text.
almost ready with webpage (please correct my English)
“SITEMAP” (title of this page)
Home: This is the welcome and homepage of Traducciones PASE (PASE Translations) that introduces the visitor to our website.
About me: In this section, you will find my professional profile and a brief summary of my work experience
Services: An accurate description of the services offered on this website
Portfolio:  A brief sample of my works as a translator
Estimates: This section contains the rates of reference that are associated with each service offered on the site.
Associates: Brief profiles of my professional associates.
Contact: A page where you can find my contact details and/or request an estimate for a particular service.
"PORTFOLIO”
In this section, I provide a sample of the work I have done as a freelance translator.
Translation
Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry [EN < ES]
Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]
Revision and Editing
To be added soon…
Audio and Video Transcripts
Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry [EN < ES]
Subtitling
To be added soon…
Web translation / localization
To be added soon…
Links of interest (hay que sincronizar los URLs como correspondería an algunos casos)
Proz: translation workplace
Merriam Webster Dictionary
Eur-Lex: Search specific terms from parallel texts through the Access to European Law
UNICEF: Search
World Bank: Term search
UNTERM: Term search
IATE: Inter-Active Terminology for Europe
World Trade Organization
World Health Organization
Babylon Free Online Dictionary
Word Magic Translation Dictionary
“PORTFOLIO” SAMPLE 1 (Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry)
Social and Environmental Transformation in Chile’s Aquaculture Industry
Description: Frank Zephyr, Associate Professor of Latin American History at Stanford, presents interdisciplinary Environmental Venture Project research on rapidly changing attitudes and practices in the aquaculture industry of Chile, sponsored in part by the Woods Institute for the Environment.
(this part is an excerpt from youtube, so it is should be OK, because it's the original text).
Transcript Excerpt: 12:50 a 13:52.
English text transcript (source)  Spanish text transcript (target)
“PORTFOLIO” SAMPLE 2 Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]
Child and Adolescent Mental Health in Chile and Latin America [ES < EN]
Description: Excerpt from a document about the program “Chile Crece Contigo” (Chile Grows With You).
CHAPTER XII: Risk Management II
Article 129.- The Federal Government, in accordance with the premises deemed necessary by the President of the Republic, shall create a fund managed and operated with social equity criteria, in order to attend to the rural population affected by climate contingencies.
Based on the resources of that fund, and with the involvement of the state governments, the affected producers shall be supported in order to deal with the negative effects of climate contingencies and reintegrate them into production.
In addition to this fund, public funds from the Federal Government and the states shall be added when appropriate, together with the funds for capacity-building programs.
Article 130.- In order to reduce the accident rates and the vulneraibility of productive units when faced with climate contingencies, the Inter-Secretarial Commission, in coordination with the state governments, shall set up productive re-conversion programs in regions affected by recurrent natural disasters and low productivity.
Article 131.- The Federal Government shall formulate and keep the Risk Chart on water basins updated, in order to set in place the disaster prevention programs, which shall include soil and water conservation works as well as flood management.
CHAPTER XII: Risk Management
Article 124.- The Inter-Secretarial Commission shall promote technological change by encouraging Risk Sharing Schemes among producers and other agents in the rural industry, providing their respective departments with the necessary public instruments and resources.
In addition, it will promote a differentiated support scheme for the less developed areas of the country.
Article 125.- The Federal Government shall encourage support of the producer that contributes to covering the benefits of risk and market assurance.
Priority will be given to the delivery of economic support through mutual organizations or insurance funds created by producers and their insurance companies .
Article 126.- The Federal Government shall target with the development of private, mutual benefit insurance and price coverage services the producers and other agents of the rural society in the management of risks inherent to farming activities in the rural industry.
The insurance service shall include the instruments for production risk coverage and climate and health contingencies, in addition to being supplemented by instruments to manage exchange rate risks, market risks and capital-loss risk in the event of natural disasters, in order to provide producers with greater capacity to manage the relevant risks in the economic activity of the industry.
Article 127.-  The Inter-Secretarial Commission shall promote, with the participation of state governments and the social and private sectors, the use of instruments to manage production and market risks.
In order to improve the access of producers to the insurance service and achieve wider institutional coverage, the Inter-Secretarial Commission will encourage the economic organizations of producers to obtain leading support for the development and functioning of insurance funds and mutual benefit schemes, as well as involvement in financing funds, investment funds, and the management of other risks.
Similarly, the Commission will encourage the use of price coverage, including exchange rates in future markets.
Article 128.- The Inter-Secretarial Commission will promote a program for the formation of mutual organizations and insurance funds with self-insurance functions under the relevant laws, in order to facilitate the access of producers to the insurance service and to generalize their coverage .
In addition, it shall encourage the development of specialized entities for producers to manage price coverage and the provision of the inherent specialized services.
Other services from my website in English. I need correction. Thanks in advance
English classes
Depending on the client’s needs, I can teach English at many different levels, through both private and group lessons.
Audio and video transcripts
I can transcribe audio and video recordings and also provide translated transcripts in both Spanish and English, regardless of the nature or technicality of the material.
The rate and delivery time will depend upon the length of the material (charged per sheet).
Subtitling
Subtitling involves the addition of translated text to a video, which can be displayed in the lower (or sometimes upper) part of the screen during playback.
Web translation/localization 
Your website can be a key marketing tool for your business aspirations.
As a result, a multilingual website is needed to consolidate the position of your business on the Internet.
Web translation or localization involves ensuring that all content on a website is adapted to the foreign market from both a linguistic and cultural perspective -- including date and currency formats, as well as text on logos, symbols and icons.
My translation and localization services include translating all user-accessible text, as well as making any formatting changes necessary to the correct functioning of hyperlinks and their destination URLs.
For this matter, it is essential to be aware of the cultural differences between the source and target cultures.
In/At/On correction
Hi, 
I am writing a bit about math and I am not sure which one is correct:
"At the bottom/top of the rectangle"
"In the bottom/top of the rectangle"
"On the bottom/top of the rectangle"
For example If I want to say:
1 - Draw a blue rectangle.
2 - Draw a red rectangle of the same size on top of the blue rectangle 
(The meaning os this should be that: blue rect's upper border line should coincide with red rect's lower border line)
3 - Draw a green rectangle of the same size underneath the blue rectangle.
(The meaning of this should be that: green rect's upper border line should coincide with blue rect's lower border line)
Is this correct?
Any advice would be appreciated.
Ignacio
Pressure >.<
No puedo escapar a toda la presion...
(I can`t hold on)
he dejado muchas cosas, me arrepiento.
(I can`t believe, that i have done)
y no he concluido nada aún.
>.<
(I try so hard...)
pero debo seguir, aún asi debo seguir.
(I wish...
never give up *.*)GO!
*.*  free time? what it's free time?
*.*
i haven't time to do so much things >_<
offten, before the University, i have some time but, now i'm full time occupied with my job, the U, my home, mi girlfriend *.*, my friends...
by the way, i have been playing football with them when we have been in free time xD, and that is god for my health, (i consider that i lost maybe 10 pounds at start the U), well, i wish can divide me by 4 to do all i have to do every day, and i want to write more in english and write some in japanese, but the same thing is happening to other people, are full time bussy like me xD.
it's good to know that there is people that read this and have some fun reading and correcting...
i have it writing xD thanks friends.
:D
Otra Semana, Another Second Or: Another Week, Another Second.
Time seems to have no end.
T
And we are trapped.
We have just a few seconds to see
second
the time in our lives go by,
and we don’t understand.
SPANISH SONGS: EL MUNDO TRAS EL CRISTAL
Hi!!!
Today, I was thinking in a spanish song (this is usually in me) when I´d got an idea: "I´ll write the song´s lyric in English!" So I´m translating now xD
My first song is "El mundo tras el cristal", by "La Guardia".
"La Guardia" is an old musical group, but their songs are fantastics.
This song is about a teenager girl that never has been in love, so she don´t find the sense of the life.
I think that it´s very beauritful, because it show  the situation of a lot of teenagers that don´t find their place.
This web incluyed the spanish lyrics, and the pictures are very ilustratives.
8D
Here is the english lyrics:
Letters in the drawer and no one of love
A prince charming never went pass by your life
You look past hours opposite the television
The phone is slept in some corner
That record that turn around without rest
That music that you wouldn´t can forget
you wouldn´t can forget
Talk to me of your dark bedroom
of your nights without sleep, of your warmth
Call to me and with you i´m going to be
don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know
You know that something go bad and you don´t want to talk
You satify yourshelf seeing the world behind the glass
and that record that turn around without rest
That music that you wouldn´t can forget
you wouldn´t can forget
Talk to me of your dark bedroom
of your nights without sleep, of your warmth
Call to me and with you i´m going to be
don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know
Talk to me of your dark bedroom
of your nights without sleep, of your warmth
Call to me and with you i´m going to be
don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know
Talk to me of your dark bedroom
of your nights without sleep, of your warmth
Call to me and with you i´m going to be
don´t ask me who are i´m, since i don´t know
*******************
I hope that you enjoy the song as me.
Bye!!
=D
Looking for the Best Love Story
Hi!
Yesterday, a friend and I made a bet: t:
We´re going to write the best love story (with sex xD) thathas ever been written
We´re going to write the best love stories (with sex xD) that have ever been written.
We don´t know about what is going to be written about the other, so it´s going to be very funny.
We don´t know what the other is going to write about, so it´s going to be very funny.
I´m going to write a love story about my friend and the boy that she love secretly, and It´ll begin in Venice, with masquerade included.
I´m going to write a love story about my friend and the boy that she secretly loves, and it´ll begin in Venice with a masquerade.
I´m going to laugh a lot writting this story, and I hope that my story´ll be better than her story.
I´m going to laugh a lot writing this story, and I hope that my story´ll be better than hers.
Wish me luck !!
Wish me luck!!
;D
Celia.
Homeworks about "El Quijote" -by Cervantes (2)
Hi!!
Well, as finally exercise, I must write an History based on the nex structure:
1 - Don Alonso´s introduction (explain of his estate, his family and depiction of him.
2 - Appearance of Don Alonso´s madness produced by his love of reading cavalry books.
3 - Evolution to knight (weapons and horse, change his name to "Don Quijote de La Mancha", find of his love "Dulcinea del Tovoso
Now, my test must to be the same structure, but the principal character is my, and the book for that I become madness is "Todo lo que tú y yo podríamos haber sido si no fueramos tú y yo".
The text must to be divided in three paragraph.
"Hi, my name is Celia, and this WAS my life.
Before, I lived in a ugly flat, with my Dad and a cat...
But at least I HAD GOT a home.
My cat spent all the day following me and destroying all my things, and I...
Well, I was a normal girl that only wanted to pass her test and to be happy.
What happened, then?
Well, one day I discovered something that would my life: an extrange book that showed one vision absolutely different of the life.
I didn´t stopped reading and reading this book, so suddenly I became to be seeing strange visions about aliens, lifes, loves and hates.
But, one day, I began to think that I was the girl that Marcos met at the opera house.
So I began to went to the opera for met Marcos.
I really don´t like a lot this, but I hoped that Marcos appeared one day.
And I´ve got an enormous surprise when, today, Marcos came to the opera house!
I haven´t told him that I was waiting him since long time ago, but I feel that he know this.
And now, we´re driving to anywhere, direction to the unknown..."
A bad day
Hi!!
I'm happy today, but people seem as if they were very very angry.
When I was walking by the street, two cars almost killed me!
xD
And people seem as if they were constipated (this word is funny because in Spanish "constipado" is "cold", and it's easy to mistake the meaning xD).
But I've been happy, and I've seen a teacher that was happy too.
This is gorgeous 8)
...
In other news: I've finished my sculpture!
At last!
And this is a secret present for my dad xP
Have a good day everyone!!
Celia ^u^
I must go
Today I'm packing my suitcase.
Tomorrow, I'll be in Scotland...
But I haven't got a lot of things, and going it's harder than I was thinking...
My soundtrack now?
"La estrella de David", by Juan Bau.
It isn't a good video, but I normally listen the music without watching the video...
I hope that you like it
Classes are finished!!! 8D
Class and exams finished yesterday!!
And today's a holiday, so I'm very relaxed.
Although I've finished my exam, I must go next week to class Monday, Wednesday and Friday:
- Monday I'm going to finish my sculpture from eight o'clock to eleven o´clock.
- Wednesday I'm going to upload / raise?
my mark to get better grade at English
- Friday I'm going to pass my French exam (boring) and to pass my juggling exam (yes, I've got a juggling exam...
And I'm failing in this xDDD)
And I don't know if volume teacher's going to obligate us to go to his class, although we're aprovated...
Ah!
And I finished an art competition too, so classes are finished, but all events aren't finished...
Wish me luck at the competition and have a good day!!
^^
At the photo: Punta umbría, Huelva (Spain)
A new world
Hi!!
My name is Celia, and I´m from Spain.
I have been looking for a page like this, where I could improve my English.
Now, I´m very happy, because I have discovered that I can help other people to learn my language (Spanish) too.
At the moment I don´t know how to use a lot of things, but I think that I could learn everything if I navigate around the web.
I want to meet people from other countries too, because I really like to learn about other countries.
In addition, as I like to write, I can get ideas for my stories, and that's fantastic!
I hope to get to know you and that you can learn Spanish with me.
Goodbye and thank you!!
Celia
SPANISH BOOKS FOR YOUR PRACTISE
Hi again!
Maybe it's hard for you read Spanish literature because you're reading classic literature, such as "El Quijote".
We've got books that are easier to read:
- If you would like to start with a short book, such as a tale, then "Caperucita in Manhattan" by Carmen Martín Maite is your book. (In the photo, it's on the left. On the right is another wonderful book, but it may be more difficult to read.)
- "Todo lo que podríamos haber sido tú y yo si no fuéramos tú y yo", written by Albert Espinosa, is a strange story where the principal character tells you about the most important day in his life.
- Isabel Allende's books are fantastic too.
I recommend to you as a challenge (because it's long) "El Reino del Dragón de oro" - It's about two children and their transformation as they meet their "totem" (It's better explained in the book. hahaha).
I hope that this helps you.
Have a good day!
Celia
It can't be possible!!
I don't understand this: I don't pass my language exam!!
(With a note of 4'8) And in grammar!!
(My favourite part of English language).
Although if I've pass my subject, I'm going to do again the exam, and I'm going to get a ten, as always!!
P.
D: I've read that it's common to say " I'm gonna ".
Is It usually at America, or It's used in England too?
Thank you ^^
Some spanish films
Hi!!
I was talking with a friend ("Risa"), when she asked me about spanish films.
Seriously, my first was that I don't know any good spanish films hahahaha
But , I've been remembering and discovered that there are good spanish films. They're typically comedian films (except "Los otros", directed by Alejandro Amenábar).
Now, I'm going to talk about some "good" (they're good to me) spanish films:
TERROR FILMS
- "Los otros" - Alejandro Amenábar: This film is about a house where strange things begin to happen, and the family start to believe that they aren't alone...
This is the famous spanish film that I remember.
- "El orfanato" - J.
A.
Bayona: One woman, one orphan, and a big mystery start to develop...
COMEDIES
- "Pagafantas" - Borja Cobeaga: This is a fantastic film where the loving situation of a lot of men is explicated in a documentary.
It compares animal reactions with human reactions, putting them in order.
In this classification, there are the "pagafantas", men that obey a nice girl because they pretend they love her, but she only sees him as a friend.
This film is very funny xD
- "El otro lado de la cama" - Emilio Martinez-Lázaro: This is a romance film where two couples exchange partners...
Very strange hahaha
- "Días de fútbol" - David Serrano: Seven friends want to be the best football players of their slum.
They have got their hope...
What a shame that they haven't got the talent!
FANTASY:
- "El laberinto del fauno" - Guillermo del Toro: I don't understand nothing of this film, but I like this a lot...
Maybe the soundtrack xD.
The feeling I had after watch this film is similar to the feeling I had after Iwatched "Amélie" : I don't know why, but I adore this film.hahaha
And, finally, I haven't seen this film, but friends told me that it is fantastic:
- "Spanish movie" - Javier Ruiz Caldera: It's a parody of other spanish films such as "El Orfanato", "Los Otros", "Volver", "Alatriste", "El Laberinto del Fauno", "Los Lunes al Sol", "Abre los Ojos", "Rec" and "Mar adentro".
- "Rec" - : I haven't watched this film, some friends told me that it is very horrifying.
"Quarantine" is based on this film.
I hope that you like those films.
Celia
Hi there!! ^^
I've been reading my last journals, and I must to say that they're very badly written xD
The next time I'll write better, and I'll publish good journals, and better information about Spainish culture.
^^
But tomorrow I've got a huge language exam, and I must study...
Next time I'm going to talk about Ouka- Leele, an eccentric artist who likes photography and writing.
Goodbye!!
^^
Return and Discovery
Hi friends!
Altough I have been outside a lot of time, I've come back again.
And, as a present, I'm going to show you an interesting discovery that I've done: https://voxli.
com/
This is a website where, without being registered, you can chat with voice in any language!
When you're going to start a conversation, they ask you what language you want to improve, and then you can talk without problems!!
Actually, there aren't a lot of people in, but we can meet one day on this chat and improve our language!!
What do you think??
P.
D: My idea isn't leave this wonderful web (where we can see better our write mistakes than in a chat): my idea is COMPLEMENT that web.
I hope that you like it!
See you later!
Celia
Celia
Today, I can't wake up ("Hoy, no me puedo levantar")
Hi!
For a long time, I've been feeling very...
For a long time, I've been feeling very...
Out of place.
I'm absent-minded, and I can't focus very well.
I even haven't passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).
I didn't even passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).
I haven't even passed my Art exam (I can't believe that).
I'm always sleepy, but It's harder for me to fall asleep.
I'm always sleepy, but it's harder to me to fall asleep.
I'm not fancy nothing, I don't want anything.
I don't fancy anything, and I don't want anything.
It's like I'm dead, exhausted...
I feel like I'm dead, exhausted...
And I don't know why.
As a present, here are two Mecano songs for you: "Today I can't wake up" and "Lost in my bedroom" ("Perdido en mi habitación").
As a present, here are two Mecano songs for you: "Today I can't wake up" and "Lost in my bedroom" ("Perdido en mi habitación").
The second is from the musical.
I don't like these very much, but both titles express my feelings hahaha:
I don't like these songs a lot, but both titles express my feelings hahaha:
¡Hola!
Desde hace tiempo, me siento muy...
Fuera de lugar.
Estoy como ausente, y no me puedo concentrar muy bien.
Incluso he suspendido mi examen de Arte (no me lo puedo creer).
Siempre tengo sueño, pero me cuesta dormirme.
No me apetece nada, no quiero nada.
Estoy como muerta, cansada...
Y no sé por qué.
Como regalo, aquí hay dos canciones de Mecano para vosotros: "Hoy no me puedo levantar" y "Perdido en mi habitación".
La segunda es del musical.
No me gustan demasiado, pero ambos títulos expresan mis sentimientos jajaja
So I work for nothing??
Yesterday I did a beautiful redaction for Language class, but today only a few people could read their redactions.
Obviously, I wasn´t one of them.
And now, my redaction´s going to be another work , that no one has ever seen, hidden in a dark and remote corner of my bedroom...
xDD
Homeworks about "El Quijote" -by Cervantes (1)
Hi!!
My name is Celia, and I´m going to do my Literature homework now xD
The exercise is this:
- In what books would you shelter?
- What character do you want to be?
- Do you thing that there are people (crazy or not) that pretend they are who they aren't?
Relate, in first person, a history with the same structure as this chapter.
Well, my answers are:
-I would live in "Todo lo que podríamos haber sido tú y yo sino fueramos tú y yo", by Albert Espinosa, because he vision of life is nearly magical: his reality is between the innocence of a child and the hardness of anadult.
-I want to be the mysterious girl who appears in movies, because I feel that I can identify with her.
-Yes, I think that there are people who play characters they should not play.
A good example of this is in discussion programs.
...
And I´ll finish this exercise soon...
xDD
Celia
- 
Sleeping a little
Hi!!
Today I´ve slept 3 hours, because I´ve been making a sculpture.
Today I´ve slept 3 hours, because I´ve been making a sculpture.
I made a metal gnome, and the title of the work of art is "The secret", because he seems like he's going to tell a secret or like he's heard an enormous secret hahahaha
I can´t show you photos now, but I'm going to put some photos soon xP
Goodbye!!
Celia ^^
"I love my raper" xDDDD
Hi!!
Today, one of my friends told me a funny story.
She was talking to me about her trip to Scotland, when she remembered something about a t-shirt workshop.
She said:
"We were in a t-shirt workshop, and my friends, who like a lot of rap music, decided to make t-shirts with a message that showed their passion by rapping.
They wrote the title message ("I love my rapper" xD).
When they were walking by the street, people laughed a lot while looking at them, and they didn't know why the people were laughing.
Then, they discovered that "raper" in English doesn't mean "person who sings rap".
They were very embarrassed about this. It was very funny.
I think that it's a funny story because there are a lot of times that we wrote something wrong because it sounded like Spanish words that have different meanings.
Have a good day everyone!!
Celia ^^
P.
D: By the way, in Spanish "embarrased" sounds like "pregnant", so try don't say this a lot ;D
Excelent!, Bravo!
It was the hearest expresión for today, after we made the pre parade.
Our commanders congratuled us.
For that reason all of us won a little break (deserved we had) :P
Tomorrow is the graduation ceremony of new naval officers, be present Ministry of Mexican Naval Army, Veracruz Governor, & many others autoryties (civil & militar).
I believe saturday 25 must be a great day to everyone in crew.
Start with  the (nihongo) learning
Hi everyone!!
I hope you can help me and show me how to type kana and kanji on my pc.
Cos' I'm just starting to learn Japanese and I think that could be an important tool for make comprension and memorization of this language easier.
Thanks, bye bye !!!!!!
¡Hola a todos!
Espero que puedan ayudarme y me enseñen como es  que puedo escribir kanas y kanji con el teclado de mi pc.
Ya que       acabo de comenzar con el estudio del idioma japonés, y creo que      sería una herramienta importantisima para facilitarme la comprensión y memorización de este lenguaje...
¡¡¡¡¡¡Gracias Adiosito!!!!!
Hi, I want learn English and, if you want, I can teach you Spanish.
Hi, I want learn English and, if you want, I can teach you Spanish.
Hi
amm new here, I need learn English.
Would you be you are today if you hadn't endured the "trials" in your life? Why?
In my opinion, we could not be who we are without all the difficulties we lived.
In every difficulty we get experience.
For example, if I am learning to drive a car, and I have an accident, I will not have the same accident again.
Then, an experience helps you to grow as person.
To support it, if I do not have a good relation with my grandfather, and then he dies, I can learn to have a good time with people I appreciate.
Finally, everyone needs trials.
If you never had a trial, you just would be an inmature boy or girl.
For these reasons, I think we could not be who we are if we had not endured the trial we had.
Um pouco de tudo
Boa tarde!
Este é o primeiro texto que escrevo em português, assim que acho que farei muitos erros...
A verdade é que não sei muito bem o que dizer.
Eu som galego, vivo em Santiago de Compostela e gosto muito de Portugal, pois é muito semelhante á Galiza.
Sempre que posso vou lá de visita, mas apenas conheço o norte.
Gosto muito do Porto e uns dias há estive em Guimarães por vez primeira e fiquei surpreendido com esta vila.Gosto muito do Porto e há uns dias atrás estive em Guimarães pela primeira vez e fiquei surpreendido com esta vila.
É um pouco parecida a Santiago e quando eu a vim havia muita gente na rua a passear.É um pouco parecida a Santiago e quando eu vim havia muita gente na rua a passear. Opção 1É um pouco parecida a Santiago e quando eu visitei havia muita gente na rua a passear. Opção 2 
Visitamos o castelo e a fortaleça e caminhamos pelas ruas.Visitámos o castelo a fortaleza e caminhámos pelas ruas.
Muito obrigado por ler!Muito obrigado por lerem!
The gold girder
Today I'm going to tell you a very interesting story that belongs to the traditional literature of my little country.
It is usually found in Galician, the language of Galicia, but I'll try to write it in English.
In our country, there are a lot of ancient structures that were built before the Roman conquest.
They are called "castros", and it's said that they were built by an ancient culture, probably linked to the Celts.
But according to the legend, under these structures you can find many treasures and marvelous things.
There is only one small problem: if you try getting them, you could be buried alive and die in the depths of earth.
The fact is, according to these stories, that there exist tunnels where the girders were made in gold.
In the Galician language they are called "Trabes de ouro".
But is very dangerous to try getting the girders.
Indeed, according to the traditional stories, there are some of them that were made in coal tar, and a mechanism engulfs them in flames if anybody touches them.
I am not trying to frighten you, but, although many people have gone looking for these treasures, almost nobody has returned alive, and those who did went crazy.
Hi everyone! I need some help with an email...
Hello,
Prizes depend on the number of hours you need. [The number of hours for what?]
Prices depend on the number of hours of class per week you would like to take.
Prices depend on the number of hours of class you take per week. 
The more hours you have, the cheaper it will be.
The greater the number of hours you take, the greater your discount. "Cheap" sounds informal and a little tacky in writing like this. It would be better to emphasize the *savings* potential students could achieve by taking more hours.
Anyway, prizes are negociable.
Additionally, prices are negotiable.
If you tell me the number of hours per week you need, I will tell you the approximate prize.
If you tell me the number of hours per week you need, I will tell you the approximate price.
Depending on the number of hours per week you need, I can give you an approximate price.
Remember that I also offer group discounts.
Don't forget that I also offer group discounts.
I need your help with an advertisement
I'd like you to correct this advertisement:
Spanish classes for foreigners
Qualified teacher
Intensive courses
Group discounts
Flexible hours
Speak Spanish from day one!
In Spanish reads this way:
Clases de español para extranjeros
Profesor cualificado
Cursos intensivos
Descuentos a grupos
Horarios personalizados
¡Habla español desde el primer día!
Thank you very much!
Trip to Portugal
Hello!
Today I'd like to practice my english by talking about a trip that my girlfriend and I have made to Portugal.
Today I'd like to practice my English by talking about a trip that my girlfriend and I took to Portugal.
It took place couple of weeks ago.
It took place a couple of weeks ago.
I drove to Oporto city, which is a beautiful place where you can drink their famous wine and walk by its ancient streets.
I drove to the city of Oporto, a beautiful place where you can drink their famous wine and walk down its ancient streets.
It was very fun to visit many monuments such as the cathedral and the Victory Square, which were built several centuries ago.
I have to say that when the Roman Imperium arrived there in the 4th century, there was a celtic civilization which was very belicous. Are you trying to say "malicious"?
I have to say that when the Roman Imperium arrived there in the 4th century, there was a Celtic civilization that was very bellicose. Bellicose isn't a very common word- maybe hostile, aggressive or violent.
The poor romans have had many problems to resolve with them.
The poor Romans had many problems to conquer them.
Portuguese history is very interesting.
Portugal's history is very interesting. Another option.
It is strongly linked to Galicia's and Spain's.
But I think that is enough for today.
Maybe at another time I could tell you more about it.
Maybe I could tell you more about it some other time.
Thank you very much for reading it.
my profile
my name is stefany, I'm 24 years old, I have been living in NY one year ago...
The first time that I came to the USA was in 2009 to start a cultural exchange.
after that I met my husband in miami, we got married and came to NY to start Our marriage live.
In december 2010, I returned to colombia to finish my university.
I Get my degree in Industrial design six month ago and Now I am looking for an opportunity to grow in an establish job.
please help me ,i need The corrections now!!!!
thanksss
Hello
My name is Stephany. I'm 23 years old and I'm interested in learning English.
I'm living in the U.
S.
A and I need to learn English ASAP because I want to get a master's degree in NY.
I'm an industrial designer and I LOVE my career but I feel that if I don't learn English fast and practice a lot, I will never get my master's.
My mother-tongue is Spanish so If you are interested in learning my language please be confident about contacting me :) and If you speak English, we can share our knowledge :) 
Thanks 
my day
Today it was pretty much the same day that it has been since the beginning of the year.
First I got up at 5:30 am because my alarm clock woke me up otherwise i am pretty sure i would never get up at that time...
jejejeje.
Then I went downstairs to make my breakfast and came back to my room to sleep for 10 more minutes before taking a cool shower.
The cool shower helped me feel more awake, but i hope not to get a bad cold one of these days.
After i got dressed, i had my breakfast but i was very pendant to my watch because if i leave home after 6:30am i would definitelty arrive late at work...
The rest of the day was giving classes, trying to keep my students quiet and focus on the class and tasks, and scold them when necessary....
Everytime i get home, i feel relieved since any kind of disagreement or bad moment is left behind as soon as i get on the bus.
We use this expression for referring something really old.
And "Tata" or "Tatita" it's a word that means "papá" and "Lapo" that is the diminutive for of the name Serapio Cruz, He was a Guatemala militar men of the XIX century.
This phrase alludes past epochs, when the entire country was in a better economic situation.
Thanks for having reading it...
Translators
"Free Online Translator".
"Free Translation Online".
"PROMT - Free Text Translator".
These were the three first entries I received when I typed "translator" in Google.
There are probably hundreds of different types of translators on the Internet.
However, I haven't found a really good one yet.
What I'm trying to say is that if you don't know a language, no matter how hard you try to find a good translation in one of those online translators for what you want to say, it isn't going to work.
Don't trust me?
Ok, let's see.
For example, the sentence "Those ones were just the three first entries when I typed "translator" at Google." Easy, isn't it?
I'm going to translate it into Spanish: "Esas fueron tan solo las primeras tres entradas cuando escribí "traductor" en el Google." Now, I'm going to translate it with an online translator: "Esos unos fueron justo el tres primero entradas cuando escribí a máquina a "traductor" en Google." 
Do you see what I mean?
I hope you do.
P.
S.: Thank you for correcting me.
Hi there!
Well, first of all, I'm going to introduce myself.
I'm a 16-year-old girl from Valencia, Spain who's totally obsessed with English.
Yep, I have to admit it, I really love English.
Sorry, I can't help it, my fault hehe.
So, I know you've probably guessed why I'm learning it.
Besides learning English, I have other hobbies as well, like listening to music, hanging out with my friends, going to the cinema...
Besides learning English, I've got or I have other hobbies too like listening to music, hanging out with my friends, going to the cinema...
So if you want to know more about me, just talk to me.
So if you want to know more about me, just talk to me.
I would be willing to help you with your Spanish or just talk to you as friends or and become friends =) 
P.
S.: Thank you for correcting me!
Introduction
Hi.
my name is Guillermo.
I'm from Colombia and currently I’m studing materials engineering in the UdeA.
I’m starting to study English because I think it’s a super-important language for my professional life.
There was a time when I started to study English but I quit it
to focus on other stuff that was more important at that time.
Now I’m back to study English again.
I’m lazy for these kinds of things.
But this time I'll focus on studying English as hard as possible.
Thank you guys for reading this entry.
I'M SO SAD
I'M SO SORRY WHAT HAPPENED IN JAPAN.
IT'S VERY SAD WHAT HAPPENED.
I´M WITH YOU JAPAN.
TODAY IN THE MORNING BROADCAST A TSUNAMI IN JAPAN.
I WAKE AND I TURN ON THE TV AND I WATCH ALL THAT HAPPENED.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT BUT IS TRUE.
THINGS LIKE THAT HAPPEN IN THIS BEAUTIFUL WORLD.
AND THE PEOPLE HAVE DONE.
I HOPE SOON THE PEOPLE RECOVERY.
Tale
Once upon a time, in the midle est, a huge motoclicle which has no good wheels.
So it can´t run around the park or even just be sitting at the corner of 5 avenue and 7 avenue.
Hi I´m new 
Hello, my name is Marcela and I want to talk about London because I´d love to go there.
South Africa and GM
 The relationship between ethics and business has been difficult since their beginnings.
Thanks to Plato, we can read about heated debates about this subject that took place more than 2.000 years ago.
In spite all of this, we can say that there is no clear answer about how much of ethics a business should have.
To some, a business is just a commercial endeavor that should try it maximize its profits whit in the legal framework.
On the other hand, a business enterprise can be seen as a integral participant of society.
Not excluded from the responsibilities that every citizen has.
Now days, this concept is called Corporate Social Responsibility.
It not only defines the domain of the business responsibilities towards the society, but also pursue an expanded stakeholders concept.
A concept that indicates that the stakeholders of a business are not only their owners and customers, but also the whole society where it operates.
If we consider a business with in this framework, it becomes much easier to understand the why GM stopped it’s operations in South Africa more than 20 Years ago.
The case about GM leaving South Africa cannot be analyzed as a isolated case1.
It came after series of strikes, international sanctions and other companies decision to leave the country.
This gives us a better idea to understand the reason behind it and later return to the country.
Certainly, no company wants to leave a market that they are already established in.
Moreover, a manufacturing company like GM, would find particularly difficult to take such a decision.
The size of their operations and the time required to recover their investment makes the case for the company to stay.
Given this situation, how does GM ends up leaving the country, is an interesting case to analyze the extended stakeholders concept previously talked about.
In this case, the stakeholders were not only the african society, but the whole international community.
The repudiation that generated the deeply disturbing nature of the apartheid, extended to the business domain as well.
Forcing some to leave the country to avoid damage to their reputation, something that would affect negatively their international operations.
At that time, GM, along other companies, had to balance their profit seeking nature with their responsibility to the society.
However, this decision can be seen also as money-oriented, given the fact that they could lose business in the already desegregated United States.
Anyhow, the fact that the society also demand to the corporations to act responsibly, is definitely a positive thing.
 However, we cannot forget about the consequences of this decision to the south africans, white and blacks.
Even though it can be seen as positive to pressure the government of south africa at that time with this kind of measures, it is undeniable the economic effect that it creates in the country.
With this kind of decisions, the most affected are the South Africans.
Employment is lost, investment stops and the supply of goods diminishes.
Given this situation, to which society should corporations owe their responsibilities?
The local or the global stakeholders?
Certainly, this can be a very difficult aspect to decide upon, as there are not clear answers.
We can see how negative are the prospects for the new local company, Delta Motor Corporation.
In fact, the company did not perform as expected, limiting itself to the local market and not exploiting the potentially lucrative exports market.
Management-employee relation
 My background includes work as a IT consultant in XX.
I used to work in a IT company, and my focus was on help local companies to solve problems through IT, helping in the initial process of requirements analysis, development of the software and later implementation.
In the 7 years that I was working in this field I faced challenges.
Even though that most of my work was technical and analytical, the biggest challenges came from the difficulty to embrace change from the users of the IT solutions.
I worked with many different industries, and this situation was present in almost everyone of them.
It seemed that regardless of the size of the organization, industry, or capacity of the personal, change was, most of the time, avoided by the employees.
 I also worked on a research project about promoting entrepreneurship on the area of technology.
During the research, I visited China, Singapore and South Africa.
It was clear how entrepreneurship was handled differently by the government of each country.
They tried to adapt to their local culture, creating incentives that offered the best “Fit” for their entrepreneurs.
While studying about this subject it came to my attention that entrepreneurs were open to change, and, in fact, were looking actively for change.
This idea contrasted strongly against my former experience regarding people’s willingness to change.
 I had professional experiences of developing a system to handle customer requirements in a medium size service company in XXXX from August 2007 to July 2008.
The project was developed from scratch by our company.
We analyzed the requirements, proposed the solution, developed the software and implemented it.
At that time, it was one of the most challenging projects I had participated in, given its size and scope.
Our company decided to put a lot of resources and focus on this project as it was seen as an opportunity for   future contracts.
The negotiations began with discussions of the objectives that the management - the contractor company-  was expecting to achieve with the new system.
They had many technical concerns, but the one that called my attention the must was that they were expecting to increase the quality of customer service by 100%.
Of course, that is natural to be expected, but how is going to measure I asked myself.
As the project went on, I remembered this moment, and began to wonder again about it.
 The project lasted about 10 months, of which we faced and overcame many difficulties.
For our company, the successful culmination of this particular project had high importance, therefore, they stressed out how necessary was to “please the customer”.
However, sometimes it turned out to be quite difficult to decide to which customer we should please, given that company faced a situation of employees vs.
management.
Throughout the whole project we faced opposing attitudes toward the project.
The management clearly had strong hopes on the fact that the new system was going to provide a tool to measure the performance of the customer service of the company.
However, it was clear that the employees were against that level of scrutiny.
After the time passed, we became certain about this situation.
The employees were against the new system, and they tried to stop its implementation.
 During the whole project we encounter different kinds of obstacles with the employees.
It made the whole process a lot more difficult.
In the data gathering period, the very start, while we were being pushed by the management to meet the deadlines, at the same time, the employees of the company refused to give us the critical information.
Naturally, this created delays in this initial phase.
However, we managed to overcome that situation and to continue to the development period.
Nevertheless, we kept facing difficulties.
Later, the employees also showed unwillingness to test the product.
This is a critical process in order to gather information about the product and continue with its development.
At this time, the company management was also pressing us to show some results.
This was a very stressing period for our company.
We tried our best to handle the situation, and avoided report the situation with the employees to the management.
 
 However, we were caught in the middle of an internal problem.
By the end of the project, in the implementation period, the situation became intolerable.
The employees showed no interest in learning how to use the tool.
By this time, the problem was already being reported to the management of the contractor company, still, we saw little or no improvement at all.
By this moment we began to realize how deep the problem was.
We were facing not a typical resistance to change situation.
Rather, an serious internal management  problem of the company.
Because of the advanced stage of the project, there was not much that we could do to improve the situation.
 
 Fortunately, we could finish the project on time.
Apart from some minor technical problems the software was running as planned.
Moreover, the management recognized the difficulty faced by us, and highly valued the work done.
Personally, it was an interesting situation for me.
It made see, closely but as an outsider, the difficulty faced by that company with it employees.
How the work could not be accomplished in a effective way, and made me wonder about the reasons behind the problem.
Also, I began to think about possible ways to solve the situation.
To be honest, I did not have the tools to frame the situation in such a way that it becomes easier to analyze.
Now, I will visit that situation once again, and try to analyze it using some of the frameworks learned while studying the MBA graduate program.
 The framework selected to do this analysis will be the “Competency, Commitment, Congruency, Creativity”, the framework used in class.
Given the nature of the situation, its relationship to “soft” management issues, and the lack well established corporate goals, this framework represents an appropriate choice.
Hopefully, it will help to organize the ideas and obtain some insights about this problem.
The significance that the framework gives to organizational goals and alignment, is its most important advantage.
Firstly, the problems will be described.
Later, possible reasons and solutions from the framework’s point of view will be exposed.
Besides, the problems will be grouped into main areas.
For example, the problems regarding communication, creativity, decision making, and avoidance of responsibility, will be discussed within the “Competency-Commitment-Creativity” area.
On the other hand, the situation regarding organizational goals and interest alignment, will be analyzed as a “Congruency” matter.
 Among the problems faced, the most visible were those regarding lack of communication, avoidance of responsibility, and absence of decision making.
We can find a clear example of a communication problem in the way that the contractor company management wanted the consultants to develop the application.
They clearly avoided to openly  announce the new infrastructure plans to their employees.
Even thought this is a fairly common behavior in small and medium companies - were managers tend to take decisions in a less structured way, the impact of the new plans required the commitment from the employees.
The employees were not aware of the planned changes and felt being left behind by the management.
This created a counterproductive situation that affected the whole company, as the management failed to obtain the commitment of a key factor; the system’s user, in this case the employees.
In the successful development and later implementation of this kind of projects the user plays a crucial factor, since they are the ones that will decide result of the project by using it, or forcing to abandon it.
Therefore, the commitment of the employees becomes an decisive factor when a organization wants to invest in this kind of projects.
 Also, without the commitment of its employees, the company would face another problem with its investment in IT; the resistance to change.
Often employees with long experience with certain type of system, method or “way of doing things”, offer resistance to accept a new system that represents a big change from their traditional expertise area.
Reason for this behavior may be related to uncertainty about the future and fear of becoming disposable in the organization.
However, even though it was not the case for this project, employees showed a strong resistance to change.
For a consulting company, this is something to be expected when implementing this kind of system, given that these projects usually improve the measurement of the employee’s performance.
This strong resistance to change can be seen as a consequence of the lack of commitment and the uncertainty about the diminish of their capabilities in some technical areas.
Usually, consulting companies illustrate this kind of situation to the management at the start of a given project.
Given the high stakes of the project for the consulting company, they decided to handle those situations internally, avoiding any possible friction with the management.
In the end, the consultants were unable to handle the situation properly, and it had a negative impact in the project.
Therefore, this situation should have been avoided by the consultants, by offering the management timely and proper advise on how to handle this situation.
 However, there were also other kind of internal problems that the consulting company could no help to solve.
Within the employees was a tendency to avoid responsibility and decision making.
Also, there was no encouragement for creativity.
Therefore, the employees avoid to participate in the process of analyzing and improving the company’s procedures.
This created a gap between what the real problems were and what the consultants thought they were.
As a consequence, many methods had to be revised as they did not comply with the “reality” of the company.
Creativity is needed to improve even the must tedious tasks, however, this project lacked of, what can be called, internal creativity.
This lowers the company’s return on investment, as the result of the project may not be the optimal solution.
It can be concluded that the company should give more freedom to think out of the box to its employees.
Also, establish clear rules to allow risk taking and decision making among the employees.
Therefore, the management should regard highly, creativity, risk taking and decision making among it employees.
These attributes should be rewarded and promoted.
 The first impressions obtained in this situation were those previously illustrated.
However, there was an underlying problem inside the contractor company.
A problem related to lack of alignment between the employees and the management.
Also, a lack of clear corporate goals became evident as the time passed.
Surely, there were general objectives established, but those seemed not to come from an agreement, rather a decision from the top.
This absence of clear and widely accepted corporate goals had a negative influence in the company’s performance.
For example, this poor performance in the company’s customer service area was the main reason for the decision to hire the consulting company.
They explicitly expressed the high expectation that they had in the new system’s results.
Basically, they assumed that a new system would improve the customer service quality in a short period of time.
It is clear now that these hopes had no real ground and it was not the right way to solve internal managerial problems.
 Among the most serious problem faced by the contractual company was the lack of agreement between managers and employees when deciding the next period corporate goals.
We could learn from the employees that there was a intention to make the corporate goals decision process more open and reachable to the regular personnel.
However, because it seemed to be cumbersome, slow and difficult to carry out, the management decided to not follow it.
As a result, the employees were excluded from this area of the decision making.
A negative attitude towards those corporate goals within the employees was generated as a consequence of this decision.
The project that were undertaking suffered, as it was associated with them.
Therefore, we were seen by the employees as a negative aspect of their company’s way of management.
 When we analyze this situation within the framework of MBO1, we can see possible problem with the company’s way of setting their corporate goals.
Firstly, they overlooked the importance of agreement with the employees when setting their term goals.
Also, they did not strive to achieve alignment or congruency among all the factors in their organization.
These factors not only include the company’s management and personnel, but also their resources, environment and history should be taken in consideration when deciding the company’s future objectives.
By doing this, the company treated their employees as tools of the organizations, rather than an important part of it.
Within this frame of thought, the attitude of the employees can be seen as natural.
Having the opportunity to met many of them, I can say that they were well educated, capable and intelligent employees.
If we apply the theory X and Y2 to this situation, we can conclude that the management regarded their employees as people who dislike work and naturally would reject any kind of extra work.
Given this circumstances, the management would naturally believe that the employees will oppose this kind of project.
Nevertheless, according to the framework of MBO, if the employees were invited to participate and aligned the goals to their mutual interests, the company could expect higher levels of commitment and motivation from them.
Also, with goals that are challenging but obtainable, relevant, specific, measurable and time bound, they could increase even more the motivation of the employee, says the MBO framework.
 However, to align their corporate and individual goals would be only the beginning.
The ultimate goal of this framework is to build the sense of trust between the employees and management.
Trust that will allow more freedom for the employees, and help to achieve the positive effects associated with their empowerment.
Among these effects we can observe an increase of creativity, skills capacity, and better decision making, the framework points out.
However, all these benefits will only be obtained after few cycles of goals setting have been carried out.
Each cycle would need the management to act as a coach rather than a vigilant boss.
A coach is someone who helps you to solve the problems along the way.
This was certainly needed in the company, as managers were not aware of the problems that were occurring.
Also, the coach is in charge of promoting communication between the different departments in the company.
A good coach promotes daily a informal communication, values the employee’s potential and offers the training needed to improve their weaknesses.
We could see how the company lacked of this kind of communication between employees and managers.
By the end of the period, proper assessment of those goals should be done.
Rewarding not only the achievements, but also other values seen by the management in the process.
This assessment should be considered as a key factor in the future goal setting cycle.
Therefore, if the employees were involved in this kind of cycle, the project would have certainly received more support from them.
 The employees did not seem to consider the success of the new project as a personal goals.
In fact, they were oppose to it since the beginning.
Our consulting company realized about this, however, they could not do anything about it.
They were caught in the middle of the situation.
If the management had taking the time to align their corporate goals with their employees, this  process could have been a better investment for the company.
The employees needed to realize how a better measurement of their performance (a benefit of the new project) would increase the possibility of the company to reward positive attitudes, rather than penalize negative ones.
Sadly, the company failed to achieve congruency among all their participants.
Hi everybody
Hi, I'm Álvaro, from Madrid, Spain.
This is my first entry.
I'm studying English on the Internet, my level is intermediate* and I have to improve my writing and speaking.
I hope people from here can at least help me with writing!
I could help people who are learning Spanish.
Bye!
looking for real love pen pals from japan
looking for real love pen pals from japan 
i m 20 old girl from USA
Another day
I'm leaving the country. Again I repeat: I'm leaving the country. 
It's so unbelievable that I have to say it many times.
As I think of it, another thought comes to my mind, and that is the fact that the person who was supposed to be my best friend has just demonstrated to me that she is not.
I'm sick and tired of having to deal with such a relationship.
I don't want to be given any choices, I don't want to make myself adapt to anybody else's whims.
Its so annoying!
However, I also think that the fact that I am not getting along with so many people might bare a very frustrating meaning: that it's I who have a problem.
I don't really know what I'm doing wrong. I always try to be myself and to respect my classmates, parents, teachers, etc...
It's sad...
Since there's nobody sorrounding me, I've come to realize that I am truly in need of others.
I used to think that I was so conservative;that I could believe in myself, love myself, and create a world for myself,
but now everything's so fragile.
I'm broken because I'm alone.
I'm a Phoenix though.
One day this won't hurt as much. I just need to understand myself better.
Here
I'm in Virginia, Williamsburg.
I JUst wanted to write something...
I really feel like having a little bit of English in my mind before I start working today, because I want everybody to really understand what I wanna convey and of course I wanna be ready to answer questions or requests at the store. I hope my job is not so difficult and that I can learn a lot of new stuff...
God please make me very smart and wise as it's incredibly difficult to be in another country...
especially here because everything is so far away from everything else...
It's almost gonna be time for me to work...
I wanna cry sometimes but I cant in front of all these people and I can't eat anything....
every time i put sth into my mouth i go to the bathro...
and...
gone...
i gotta become a woman soon because otherwise i wont survive here and i dont wanna return to my country.
i need to properly digest...
why cant i???
I don't wanna buy new clothes,...
maybe its normal and I'm just being fussy?
if only somebody could hug me and tell me that everythings gonna be alright...
i need to know that im smart enough to do my job and to communicate and all that shit...
ok ok i think that ive said a lot of stuff and not in the proper academic manner because my objective was simply to talk about my feelings in a place i think none of my relatives will reach...
hats it going to the b...
too much information...
i have to feel well
please...
Hi everyone
Hi everyone, I hope you take into account that I am a hardworking person who wants to improve their English no matter how many times I'm told I have a Chinese accent, my grammar is weak sometimes or whatever.
It has always been for me an understandable thing whether I talk or write in an acceptable way.
I just want my English to become more natural because I've noticed that when I use my English I tend to exaggerate everything I say and as a consequence I sound fake
That's why I'm travelling to the States this year...
when Dec arrives.
I think it'll be on the 13th around 7 o' clock.
It should be an awsome experience because I've never been abroad and I still feel like a little girl though I'm 21...
I'm supposed to work there and I don't even know how to cook or clean because everything I've wanted has been given to me from a very early period.
So, as you may have noticed this is going to be quite an adventure for me.
I am going to miss a lot of people and think some will miss me.
I want to buy lots of things and have some short holidays...
Unfortunately, I've come to accept that this will not be possible.
Ive decided to go to the States even though I could use that money in order for my sister to study something at some university or whatever institution for superior studies...
This is not going to be easy.
Definetely.
I just need to make a big effort so that I do not lose my job and...
so that I can send money to my family..
because hard times will come and I need to be strong...
God will be there...
I'll be in Virginia in 17 days.
I'll be in Virginia in 17 days. .
That is amazing to me because I've never been abroad before.
It is also amazing because of the fact that I am not quite an independent person.
Everything I've ever wanted has just been given to me if I asked for it.
I blame my mother for this situation.
She loved me so much that now I'm a 21 year old girl who has never worked, cooked, and really suffered from the hardships of life...
It is gonna be so amazing that every decision I will make will have a consequence. I will make mistakes and learn from them instead of being protected by everybody...
I'm so obsessed with the English language...
Every now and then I learn some new things but my hunger still grows and grows...
I know I am going to spend many years studying this language.
I really need to be confident with the knowledge I have.
It is hard to think that I will become a teacher of English one day when there are so many things I don't have a clue as to how to convey them in my second language...
I want to feel sure because everytime I am corrected at University I suffer a lot because I am a student who needs a lot of encouragement to continue to use the language rather than hard corrections which are not intended for the student to improve...
I feel terribly fat.
Thank you for reading this.
Que estacion del ano te gusta mas?
Vivo en Michigan y me gusta mucho el otono....
y el menos que me gusta es el invierno, no por lo frio sino por la nieve..
Cual es tu preferido y porque?
Work
Today I went to my mother's work and she put me to work the whole day..
Hoy fui al trabajo de mi mama y me puso a trabajar todo el dia..
new teacher
It's been a long time since I've written anything, I´ll try to explain how I feel now!
My life is good I think because I am studying at the university and I have a lot friends I love them.
I have a lot of homework, currently I have a teacher...
well, he´s a good teacher but he is very demanding.
Sometimes I feel that I can´t do it but in that moment I think YOU CAN´T QUIT becuase I WANT TO BE BETTER and I need obstacles for me to be better.
my local hero
I would like to write about my local hero, I think that I haven´t I couldn't tell you who the main community hero is because, I don’t spend a lot of time in my neighborhood.
However, I have a lot of heroes.
Sometimes I think that each person is It seems like everyone has been my hero at some point in my life.
Currently my hero is my friend “Borrego”( Bighorn), he´s a man who cares for and helps others by example when aid in an elderly raising money by Raffles acyl can or currently with the problem of Haiti became volunteer viveres collection centres to help without any interest the attends the same schoolthat I;he is not a perfect, but when it comes to helping others he is always willing to lend a hand in support
Comparison Composition
Being single and being married.
Being single is better than being married because being single you are freer than being married.
You can do anything.
Being single has less responsibility than being married, you don’t have to explain yourself to anyone.
Being married is not as free as being single.
People say that if you want to be happy don’t get married.
I think being married is more wonderful than being single.
Hi
Hi i'm Isaias
Comparisons
Calgary is not nearly as hot as Mexico.
Mexico is just as beautiful as Canada.
My town is as big as Calgary.
Mexico is not nearly as big as Canada.
Mexico is as dangerous as Canada .
Calgary is as small as Mexico city.
Downtown Mexico is as big as Downtown Calgary.
Downtown Mexico is nearly as nice as Downtown Calgary.
Canada has places which are just as nice as Mexico.
Mexico is just as continent as Canada.
Mexico is as hot as Canada.
My town is as nice as Calgary.
My country is not nearly as cold as Canada.
My city is bigger than Calgary.
Mexico is smaller than Canda.
Town 
My hometown is smaller than Calgary.
COMPLIMENT  COMPREHENSION
Comprehension
1) What are some of the circumstances given in the video for when it is appropriate to give compliments?
Clothing.
Cooking and Taste or Choice.
2) What are three other words that can mean 'compliment'.
Cajole.
Flatter.
Praise.
3) What are three other words that mean the opposite of 'compliment'.
Diss.
Scorn.
Criticise.
4) Why do we compliment other people?
Because describe two or more items or things that go together well.
5) Why are compliments not "well-received"?
Why does it happen that sometimes people are unhappy to receive compliments.
Because they may believe that you do not really mean what you are saying.
And if you use them too often, they will start to sound fake or insincere.
compliments my opinion 
My opinion
1.-Do you like to receive compliments?
Why or why not?
No I don’t like receiving compliments
because I feel embarrassed
2.
- Who usually gives you compliments?
What kind of things to they compliment on?
Usually my family when I wear a suit.
My family says, "Looks good on you."
3.-Who do you usually compliment?
What do you say?
My girlfriend. Today I told her, "You are the most beautiful girl in the world."
Another is, "Call heaven, I think they lost an angel."
4.
- What is the nicest compliment you have ever received?
I don’t know.
I never receive compliments.
5.
- In your culture, how do people normally react to receiving a compliment?
What is the polite thing to say?
In my country, we usually give compliments to girls.
It's common.
For example: "I am a commoner who serves the most beautiful of queens."
George - 12th september, Los Angeles (USA), 47
(Note: This is a fiction story.)
Hi.
Thanks so much for your card.
How are things?
Here I hear shots every evening.
Yeah, it's a dangerous place, but I haven't much money and I don't earn a lot.
Despite everything, I'm not thinking of going back home.
The danger is the price of my independence, and I won't go back.
I'm sure that you think that I'm crazy, but for me it isn't important.
As you know, I'm a journalist.
The commute is long.
By car I can get to work in 30 minutes.
I can't say the name of the newspaper, but it's very important and it pays me a misery.
My cat sends his love!
Anyway, that's about it for the moment.
Look after yourselft and keep in touch.
All the best,
George.
PS: Can you lend me 1000€?
What a winter
In the winter one of the scariest things is the cold temperature. --> OR "In the winter, one of the things I fear is the cold temperature"
However I find this is not the worst.
For me, the darkness is the worst.
It is not really nice to awake being obscure and to go home after work obscure again. --> What do you mean? "Obscure" is the wrong word here...
Now the sun is rises around 7:30am and goes down around 4:30pm, but soon it will become more intense.
Anyway, as my wife says, this allows us to better enjoy the sunshine.
And it is worth it to see the happiness people show in Spring season.
As the flowers begin to come out, and the rays of the sun start to pop out, the smiles appear again on people's faces.
Introduction
Hi everybody.
My name is Jeffrey, I am from Cuba; but now I am in Germany getting my PhD.
I am 27 years old and I have been married for 5 years to a really nice woman, whose name is Yaime.
I would like to improve my english and I thought maybe it would be a good opportunity to share it on this site.
My mother tongue is Spanish, so I will be happy to help other people too.
I find it difficult to build a good vocabulary and it takes time, but this is one of the main areas I'd like to improve.
Of course, there are a lot of things I have to improve, including my grammar.
I graduated from Havana University with a degree in biochemistry and I work in .
Specifically, I work with electrophysiology of freely moving rats.
I hope I can gain a lot from this site.
Greetings,
Jeffrey
My first post
I'm new to this site, I'd like to learn english and I can help you with your spanish.
Thanks!
Bye bye!
This is me(8)
I'm going to start the use of this site by introducing myself.
I'm Khanon -it is my artistic name-, but my parents gave me the name of Francisca, so you can call me Khanon, Francisca, Fran, Pancha...
I do not know.
I'm 21 years -yes, i'm old- but sometimes I am like a little girl. 
This sounds very stupid but it is the truth xD
In my spare time I sleep or play Ragnarok Online -It is a good game, but if you do not have control, you can spend all night playing-
Oh, I almost forgot why I'm here xD.
I'm a native speaker of Spanish and I'm trying to improve my English as I'm studing a teaching program of English at the University of Santiago of Chile (USACH).
Certainly, I'm not good writing in English and I still make silly mistakes, so I joined this website in order to improve my writing -and speaking- skills.
Well, I already said that.
What else?
Well, I also hope to know people from other countries as a way to keep practicing the English and...
that's all n.
n
I hope you can help me n_n
Bye bye
P.
S.
I have a rat as a pet, here's a picture of her.
She is so cute!!!
Rag Doll
And there is the abandoned rag doll who wants to play.
Those silky clothes that used to be beautiful are now just a trace of what they were; they are shreds of the beauty that they used to have.
Her eyes are sewn with silky thread which is too old that it can snap.
However, the rag doll is still smiling.
The rag doll believes that someone will return to play with her and that’s why she still smiling.
‘Come to play with me,’ the rag doll cries to everyone who walks near her, though nobody sees her.
‘It’s not people’s fault, I’m on the garbage,’ she thinks.
‘Come to play with me,’ the smiling rag doll sings; nobody sees her yet.
‘Poor people, they must be blind’, the doll thinks.
However, people do not see the real beauty of the doll; they saw a rag doll with shredding clothes, whose eyes are almost falling.
Poor people who cannot see the golden heart of the rag doll, nobody can notice the treasure hidden in her heart.
The doll only wants to play and make somebody happy; she wants to makewhoever plays with her happy.
Even though her shredding and dirty clothes or her pale eyes, as they have lost their bright, the rag doll has a lot to give and she does not want anything in exchange, she only wants give all that she is… Can you see what the doll can give?
This is a short story made by me, it is originally posted on deviantart.
com.
Next stop: Japan
Hello!
My name is Natalia.
I'm 19 years old and I'm Argentinian.
This very Sunday I'm flying to Tokyo, Japan.
I can't find enough words to express how much exited I am!
I started studying Japanese when I was 15 years old, because since I was a little girl, I've always liked Japanese anime, manga and videogames.
The reason I'm traveling is because I want to practise my speech with Japanese people.
Therefore, I'm going to stay at a young couple's appartament for two weeks.
It will be fun for sure!
They don't speak any Spanish (which is my native language) and I think this will be some kind of challenge to me :)
But if I can't really understand them, I can always cheat and speak a little bit of English :P
Thanks for reading!
Social Service
Right now I'm doing the Social Service in the Self-Access Center of my Faculty. The terms sound a bit weird in English...I don't know what you mean by "Social Service", and by "faculty" I think you mean department. Faculty = the professors.
The S-A Center is a place where people who are studying a language can practice any skill they want.
We have material for English, Italian, French, German, Latin and a little of Chinese and Japanese.
I like working here after classes, even if I'm tired, because it feels nice to be surrounded by people who like languages.
Once I finish my service, I'll keep coming back to watch all the movies available and to read some books in English.
I still have a long way to go, phrasal verbs are hard to remember, I need more practice.
However, as most students who come to the Center have a low English level, I can help them and give advice on basic issues.
Tomorrow, I'll supervise a short Conversation Practice with a student.
I don't like him as a person, but it's my job and I'll do it well.
Bye!!
Crazy pilot
This morning I read something in the newspaper which surprised me a lot.
This morning I read an article in the newspaper which surprised me a lot.
The article talked about a pilot who turned up too drunk to fly.
This article talked about a pilot who turned up too drunk to fly.
This pilot has been jailed for six months because he had a blood alcohol concentration of four times the flying limit of 20 mL of alcohol per 100 mL
That is incredible!!
I wasn't surprised at the rate of alcohol in this guy's blood, I was surprised that they can fly with 19 mL of alcohol per 100 mL of blood!!
I wasn't surprised at the amount of alcohol in this guy's blood, I was surprised they are allowed to fly with 19 mL of alcohol per 100 mL of blood!!
After two whiskies!!
or after two whiskies!!
Are they crazy?
A pilot cannot drink alcohol if he has to fly, nothing!!
A pilot cannot drink alcohol if he has to fly, nothing!!
Barbeque
Dear Matteo,
As you know, I have been sick this last week.
I had a fever, a cough, mucus and a pain on my left cheekbone.
I went to the doctor because I was worried.
He examined me and told me I had sinusitis.
He gave me a prescription and said the treatment would stop the infection.
I was thinking about having a barbecue at my home next Saturday, to celebrate my recovery.
You'll see my address above, so you can find my house on Google maps.
However, I am going to give you some directions to my flat from the College.
Go straight along Peter Street and take the second turning on the right.
Keep going along that street until you get to Shaftesbury Avenue.
Then, turn right and go along the road until you get to Piccadilly Circus.
Take the number 159 bus towards Brixton.
Get off at the Jebb Avenue/Brixton Prison bus stop.
Then, you only have to go across the road and you are in Jebb Avenue.
My building is down the first turning on the left.
You can not miss it.
One more thing , can you come early, say at 12.00 pm?
I will need help with the organisation.
Best regards,
Juan
letter
Hello Frank!!
How are you doing?
I am writing to you because I have remembered our conversation about special foods from our countries.
I think it could be fun arranging a couple of themed dinners in each flat, where each host will cook a special menu from his country.
I would like to be the first one, so I would like you to come to my home next Friday .
I am going to cook two different courses: gazpacho and callos.
Gazpacho is a cold soup made with potatos, peppers, onions, olive oil and garlic.
It is from the South of Spain.
Callos is the stomach meat from a cow cooked with different spices.
You will like it, I'm sure.
, Can you bring the dessert?
I remember you talking about your fabulous Italian ice-cream, and I cannot wait to try it!!
I hope you reply. It would be more usual to write "I am looking forward to your reply,"
Juan
Robberies in Boxing. Shumenov-Campillo
In the old days, boxing was considered to be one of the dirtiest sports according to "bussiness".
It is well known that, in those days, fights were bought, champions were involved with the mafia and the general public knew about it.
Nowadays, there is the internet, thousands of people attend fights, and the pressure of the media is bigger than ever, but, even still, this sport is still corrupt.
Last saturday i watched a fight going on in Vegas.
Fighter Aprovided a serious beating to his opponent, fighter B, not letting him win more than 3 rounds.
So, what do you think?
2 of the judges made a ridiculously stupid call.
How it should have been was to have the scorecards have a split decision favouring Fighter B in the fight, and so one-sided wasdeclaring that the other party won that it was like admitting you are blind, you have been bought or, even worse, you are completely dumb.
Despite giving up, I do still have hope for the cleaning up of the sport...
maybe i´m just being delusional, but wasn´t hope considered the last thing to be lost?
Definitely i am giving boxing the chance to "purify its essence", because i really love it.
i am, i am, i am...
hi my name is john.
im from mexico city.
im 24 years old and im a simple man.
why??
´cause..
i dont have words to describe me, i just try to be whatever i want, i try to be like de win...
but i need more of this, its time to open my mind!!!
john 
introducing myself
whassa!...
this is Chucho Millàn from Victoria Tamaulipas, Mexico.
I am studying thissubject called applied linguistics. I find it difficult for me since I am still learning the language.
I just want to show everyone that I am capable of finishing it.
May God let me wear those funny prom* clothes soon!! *Did you mean graduation robes? Prom is just the dance near the end of the year in high school.
My first post
Hi, my name is Javier, I want to learn English and make many friends, if I can help someone to learn Spanish, I'll be glad to correct him/her :)
Holidays
Hello,
I am looking for a place to visit in Victoria, Australia.
I am looking for a place to go on vacation in Victoria, Australia.
I want to visit a nice place that's economical and can be reached by public transport.
I like natural places with forests and rivers where I can walk and play sports.
Australia has lots of very nice places like natural parks and beautiful beaches, but it is so large that it is hard to pick.
Bye
Hello!!!
Hi.
I want to explain that America is a large and beautiful continent with more than 40 countries, languages and cultures and that it is not just one country.
When I say I am American, people think I am from the U.
S.
The U.
S.
is only a country that is part of America.
Bye.
Crazy weather
I live in Colombia (that's near the ecuator), so we don't have seasons.
But the problem is that the weather is really crazy.
Some days are lovely sunny days, others are rainy days, but mostly mixed days.
You feel the sun but the sky is grey.
Here we don't have snow but these little balls of ice known as granizo, like frozen raindrops.
The good thing about this, is that if you want to change weather you can just wait, or drive like 15 minutes and you'll find a warmer or a colder place, which is kind of awesome.
Judging people
I know that we shouldn't judge people, but sometimes you can help it.
That's what  happen to me...
Every time I heard something about Russell Brand, I just thought: He's funny and nice but he probably doesn't know anything about politics, he is not serious, he can only make jokes...
I couldn't be more wrong...
After reading his blog, those about Amy Winehouse and the London riots, I honestly have to say: I'm sorry Russell.
He is clever, honest, a good writer,and his blog is quite interesting.
Hola Hello
Hello, my name is Javier, I'm Spanish.
Hi. The first cold day.
Today is the coldest day here in Calgary.
That place have a temperate wheather old the day between in Monterrey the city im from in that hours at the morning the weather is like 20 or 25 degrees at celsius an here is in 4 degrees but in farenheith is too cold but i have a jacket than is better than doesnt have I don't really understand what you're trying to say here. I think you mean:The city I am from, Monterrey, is as cold as Calgary, but only in the morning. During the day, it is usually between 20 and 25 degrees celsius. In Calgary, the average temperature is 4 degrees celcius. It's too cold! It's better to have a jacket here than to not have one!
I hate repairs to the train in the morning.
Hello, I was late because of the C-Train.
The C-Train had an accident or something like that. One bus took people to another station and then I got confused because the police officers and people went to one train which I thought was probably was going Downtown. But that train was going north, not to the City Centre. I got off at train in the next station and later one train came and and announcement said that it was the train that takes you to the City Centre and I took it to the City Hall Station. I got off and came toschool!!!
I really want to talk with people from Canada and England 
Because I wanto perfect my English and have good conversations with people without having tofor one or two minutes to talk or answer one question. If you want to talk to me, let me know and I wiil stay in contact with you
I'm Scared 
If you stay in Mexico with thaht weather is to cold if her you have minimum 4 at farenheith degrees is equal than in Mexico have -16 celsius degress i almost stay twice times in my life with that weather prague Czech republic and one place in mexico called Galeanathe second one is in a desert with sand and prairie dogs and snakes is a place when your body feels in the artic but you dont stay thereIf you are from Mexico, the weather here is too cold! It is about 4 degrees Farenheit here, which is equal to -16 degrees Celcius in Mexico. I have experience weather this cold twice in my life - One in Prague, Czech Republic and another time in Mexico, in a place called Galeaneathe. This is a desert with sand, prairie dogs and snakes. It feels like the arctic, so you're not able to stay there long.
LOOKING FOR ENGLISH NATIVE SPEAKERS
Hi everyone; I'm a Englis student and I'm very interested to find people to practise English with....an English
maybe to who wants to learn Spanish too.someone who
La TV y nuestros hijos
Sobre el tema de redacción planteado, si afecta positivamente o negativamente la TV a nuestros jóvenes, en primer lugar considero al respecto, que la respuesta depende en gran medida de la opinión personal que tengamos unos y otros, ya que puede ser diferente por varios motivos, por ejemplo la experiencia personal vivida, como por la influencia recibida cada día de los medios de comunicación de nuestro entorno; también me parece interesante porque trata de una situación de actualidad que nos afecta a todos, además de que siempre ha dividido la opinión pública.
En este sentido comienzo manifestando en primer lugar que estoy a favor de la TV como medio de información, entretenimiento y cultura, en segundo lugar que todo depende del tiempo que se dedique a ello, pero creo que el factor más importante es la selección de los programas más adecuados  que evidentemente influye en gran medida en la situación planteada de cómo nos afecta la TV.
La cuestión fundamental es que los gobiernos no se implican suficientemente en ello, porque pueden hacer más de lo que hacen para mejorar la situación, y los medios de comunicación deberían informar más a menudo sobre el tema a efecto de concienciar más la población, así como los ciudadanos deberíamos exigir a los políticos que plantearan soluciones a la situación expuesta.
Al respecto soy de la opinión que todas las personas podríamos implicarnos en la medida de lo posible en escoger lo más adecuado para nuestros hijos y así ayudar a solventar el problema de manera más eficaz
Así mismo es una situación realmente preocupante y la solución a la cuestión planteada considero que es difícil de solucionar por lo motivos expuestos.
Yo estoy convencido que en un futuro próximo la programación será más adecuada a los televidentes, pero para ello tendríamos que plantear con firmeza el problema.
En conclusión para finalizar mi exposición, debemos considerar la TV  actual no es la más propicia para el futuro de nuestros hijos, y es importante recordar que la situación actual es posible mejorarla si entre todos ayudamos a ello con el suficiente interés.
Why did I choose to work as an au pair?
Why I chose to work as an au pair
On the 15th of July last year I came to London with the idea of working as a waitress, cleaner or something like that, so I rented a room in a shared house in an eastern suburb of London and started to look for a job.
Last year on the 15th of July I came to London with the idea of working as a waitress, a cleaner or something like that, so I rented a room in a shared house in the east of London and started to look for a job.
One week later, I still didn't have sheets in my bed cause my landlady hadn't brought them yet.
One week later, I still didn't have sheets in my bed because my landlady hadn't brought them yet.
The only way to cook in that house was with one saucepan and one frying pan...
for 4 people.
And, on top of that, the shower head only worked if you put it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath.
And on top of that, the shower head only worked if you held it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath.
I know that when you're sharing a house, you can't expect to live in the same conditions as in your parents' house.
But at the very least I like to have a shower standing up!
But at least I would have liked to have a shower standing up!
thank you very much!
So, I checked all the possibilities: au pair, hotel waiting staff, trying another shared house,...
I thought about the pros and cons of every type of job and finally decided to make an au pair profile in a specialty website and look for a family.
And that's the reason for why I ended up working as an au pair.
And that's why I ended up working as an au pair.
(The next chapter will be about how I looked for a family)
Thanks for checking my mistakes ;)
Courses, courses and more courses.
It has been a long time since a wrote my last entry.
I've been a little bit busy and t running out of ideas.
During this time I had finished work as au pair and came back to Spain.
I also tooka plumbing course (I am not a very common girl, you can see) and a computing course.
I'm usually taking courses and more courses.
I love taking them I'm a very curious woman and I love learning new things.
So, I was finishing my job in UK and coming came back to Spain.
The first thing I did was to look for a new job (with no luck) and then look for a new course (hehe).
Maybe I must start saying that I studied a kind of interior design in Alicante, which was very interesting but we had very poor technology teaching so I think I needed more technology knowledge in plumbing, electricity or building.
And that was the reason for me studying plumbing!
:D.
Plumbing was quite interesting and I wasn't the only girl in the class like I was afraid of.
A peruan woman in her fifties also studied with me and it was very encouraging seeing a mother like her studying what she likes without worrying about female and male jobs.
As well, our classmates were very fairly and didn't judge us and we made a fantastic job in our practice workshop.
And the computing course was Macromedia Flash MX and now I know how to make my own gifs, I'm so happy!!
Here you are my first gif, it's not an art work but I'm a bit overexcited with it, haha.
Mojitos
Last weekend I had a cocktail meeting with some friends.
We made "mojitos", which are made of rum, mint, lime, sugar, ice and soda.
Then we cooked pizza.
We made the dough also, with whole wheat.
They were delicious.
The meeting was at María's house, which is in Olivos, like half an hour from Buenos Aires.
She has a swimming pool, where we were until 3 in the morning, because at this time of the year Buenos Aires is very hot.
It was great.
María has a dog, which is a Golden Retriever, and she loves to swim.
María has a dog, which is a Golden Retriever, and she(*) loves to swim.
This breed has a sort of membrane between itstoes, which helps them swim.
This breed has a sort of membranes between their toes, which helps them to swim. 
I like dogs very much, so I wasn'tbothered that she was swimming around, but of course you have to be careful with her nails, which can scratch you -no joke about it.
I like dogs very much, so it didn’t bother me that she was swimming around, but of course you have to be careful of her nails, which can scratch you -no joke about it.
I would love to have a swimming pool, but sadly I live in an apartemnt, which is part of an old building, from 1920.
The building is beautiful, but it was made during the times when they didn't have swimming pools on the roof or in the basement like nowadays.
The building is beautiful, but it was made during the times when they didn't put swimming pool on roofs or in basements like nowadays.
I'm still waiting for my club to open, which closed on January, and will open the 1st February, jaja!
I'm still waiting for my club to open, it closed in January, and will reopen the 1st of February, jaja!
It has a swimming pool and it's 10 blocks from my house.
Cheers to all,
Federico. 
(*) The dog is female.
Can I say "María has a bitch"?
or it sounds vulgar?  It does sound vulgar, but it's funny if you're making a joke.
or does it sounds vulgar? Yes it does sound vulgar unless you are joking with close friends. Great job, your English is very good!
I've got a cold
Igot a cold last saturday.
It was in my friend's terrace.
He is from New Zealand and he's on vacation here and also studying Spanish.
It was funny because he wanted to cook some vegetarian "brochettes" in the barbecue, but he didn't know how to start the fire!!
He was trusting in my local knowledges of the traditonial "asado".
(Here in Argentina, we are famous for our good cow's meat.) But, believe it or not, i have never made an "asado" before.
Finally we came through the fire thing and we cooked the "brochettes".
They were delicious.
But we stayed on the terrace until 4 in the morning and that's why i've got this cold that's bothering me.
Next time i'll take a coat!
HELLO
HELLO FRIENDS
Hi
Good evening.
I am Su.
I have been studying English for a long time. I love English.
In my school I learn so much.
I need a lot of practice every day to get good at language.
Thanks.
Bye, Su
TIRED.
I want to go home already, I've been in the same class for 5 hours and my husband is not here yet.
I just want to lay in bed and watch Naruto Shippuden, I really want to be a ninja, it would be awsome.
I am really tired, I'm typing crap already, hope someone reviews this soon.
Much love.
Facebook & Xbox 360
Today I woke up early in the morning and the first thing I did was to log inon facebook.
It always happens when I have my macbook near me.
It was funny to know a few friends do the same thing.
Today is friday and I want to visit my family and play Assasin's Creed 2, it has amazing graphics and you can actually be Leonardo Da Vinci's bestfriend, isn't that great?
I better go now and get dressed, I want to have fun today :D
xxxx
I have to work harder.
I have to work harder on my English. Today I was told off by a British boy this morning, he was not nice at all in fact it did hurt me but thanks to that small incident I made a new account on lang-8 because I will definitely get better.
I have to work harder on my English, today that's what I was told by a British boy this morning, and he was not nice at all. In fact it did hurt me but thanks to that small incident I made a new account on lang-8 because I will definitely get better.
In school, English lessons were total shit. So I learned all that I know on my own with the help of my PS2, TV and my internet friends.
In school, English lessons were total shit so I learned all I know on my own with the help of PS2, TV and internet friends.
I've been told I need to get better and I will.
I hope I'm not as bad as he said I was.
Well this is it for now.
Dissapointed.
Today I'm really disappointed about relationships with friends and lovers.
The bonds are so easily broken and so hard to build.
These past few days I've been arguing with a friend I loved very much but he just showed me who he really is and I don't like it.
This is not the first time I went through this but as always it bothers me, but I can't say it hurts because he killed everything I once felt for him. That's how harsh he has been to me.
I hurt him too but I only did it because he hurt me first.
I will meet more new and better people.
I have to go now.
"Cats are following you"
(First of all: I'm a cat person.
I LOVE CATS.
I AM OBSESSED WITH THEM.
REALLY REALLY OBSESSED.
I LOVE THEM SO MUCH...
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.)
My mom is convinced that everywhere I go, cats are following me...
And I think she's right, seeing that I always attract cats into my life.
For example, a few months ago, I found a kitten (remember the post I made about her?) in front of my dad's house, so I took care of her.
I already have two cats at my dad's place and now I can't take care of my kitten anymore because my cats are jealous and they are peeing EVERYWHERE and my dad's girlfriend is really upset so she told me we should take care of the cat outside the house and feed her on the sidewalk.
:-(
My dad and her girlfriend are both cat lovers like me.
My mom, on the other hand, hates cats and loves dogs, so I also have a dog at my mom's place.
The thing is, a few days ago (two, to be precise), a Maine coon cat that I'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE appeared in my front yard, but he ran away as soon as he saw me coming.
(I think he's my neighbor's cat)
I thought it was a coincidence and forgot about it.
Last night, I arrived home and saw the cat chilling on a chair we have in the garage. When he saw me coming, he ran away again.
Ten minutes ago, I heard some meowing outside my bedroom so I opened the window AND GUESS WHAT?
The cat was there.
He looked at me and ran away again.
I told this to my mom and she said: "It's because they feel your energy and they are attracted to it" and I replied "You know what would be very cool?
If the same thing would happen but with cute, smart and cool guys instead of cats.
But I guess it won't happen anytime soon since all the cool guys here are either my friends or my family."
(I live in a VERY SMALL CITY that to me is more like a big town, so yes, I need to do something different when it comes to boys.
I'm already tired of seeing the same faces and of having to deal with the same personalities.
Luckly, I'm going to Germany very soon and I hope I can meet cool people there, not only guys but also people in general, because people here are REALLY boring.) 
Feeling blue
Well, this is something that I need to get off my chest and since everyone here has been really nice to me, I think this is the place to say it.
Besides, I'd love to receive a little bit of feedback about what I'm going to say, and also, corrections, because I'm never sure if my grammar is correct.
The thing is that I've been feeling really sad and confused today.
The reason?
I've basically lost my motivation to learn French.
This isn't new for me; I've been feeling like this since March.
I really don't know why: I find the classes really boring and annoying, also, the book we use in class doesn't help either.
I can't concentrate enough and the only reason why I keep attending my classes is because I like to be with my friends.
At first, I thought I was having a hard time because we're learning a lot of heavy grammar. I tried to stay positive and forget about it, but now...
Now I realized this isn't about the grammar or something like that.
I remember that a few months ago my mom saw me studying Japanese in the kitchen and she noticed I was in a really good mood.
I finished my homework a half an hour later and I started with my french homework and I instantly got frustrated, so my mom asked me what was wrong.
I told her that french was giving me a hard time because of the grammar; the book wasn't good and my teacher was always asking us to write a lot of letters. I was running out of ideas.
Besides, she criticized my letters because they were apparently "too long"; so she told me to write shorter letters.
When I started to write my letters a little bit shorter, she told me that they weren't good enough.
So I basically didn't know what to do.
Another thing is that, I'm already a Niveau B2 (Advanced) and I had to spend 5 hours per week in French classes, but I'm not going to take the international French exam this year because I'm going to Germany in September (Exchange/Au Pair program) and I'll be staying there until next year.
My French teacher noticed I'm not the same person that I used to be. She said that I'm not giving my best because I'm going to Germany and I don't need to study hard for the B2 test. I think she's wrong, because I don't feel demotivated because I'm going to Germany and my head is focused on the German language, I feel demotivated just because I feel that way!
I'd be really worried if I had to take the test this year and I find myself in this terrible situation.
She also says that I'm not paying enough attention to French because I started with Japanese this year, and it makes me really angry because you have no idea of how much I enjoy studying Japanese.
When I go to my Japanese classes I feel very relaxed: no one is pushing me...
My Japanese teacher doesn't like to take traditional exams (he likes to ask random questions and if you don't answer them, he tells you to study harder) and he tells us that studying Japanese is something that we should do because we like it and because it's not an obligation.
I personally feel the same way with German and French but it's not the same thing.
I've been learning German since I was really little because I went to a German school, and even though I love the language and the culture, I've always had to take it REALLY seriously because it was a subject in school. I've always had the pressure of the international tests (I'm not saying that someone forced me to take them; I did it because I wanted to, and I'M PROUD to have the certificates and everything but I still had pressure).
Same thing with French: I started because I like the language and the culture but I've always studied for exams and stuff like that.
On the other hand, I study Japanese for pleasure.
I take it seriously and I study hard, but no one is pushing me to get ready for a test or anything.
I enjoy studying all the languages I'm currently studying, but French is really killing me right now, and I can't quit because I'm extremely responsible and I'd feel guilty, since I'm almost two months away from leaving my country for a year (I won't study French in Germany)
I've never felt this way before; I've had hard times with German too but nothing like this
Sorry if this was too long and boring but I had to say it to someone and since a lot of people don't understand me when I try to talk about this and judge me, I really can't talk to them...
Besides, people are here to learn languages and I don't know, I thought this was the proper place to talk about this...
Thanks for reading :-)
Not happy.
James Cameron announced that "Avatar" will be a trilogy.
I wonder if the next movie will have a new and interesting plot because when I watched "Avatar", I thought the plot was the same as "Pocahontas" except for the fact that "Avatar" is in 3D and has a lot of dazzling colours, but the main story was basically the exact same thing.
As you may have noticed by now, I don't like James Cameron...
At all)
The holiday of a lifetime
I was fourteen years old and had just finished my first year in high school when my parents sent me to my uncle´s home in Paris for two months.
I had never been abroad and I was amazed by the huge city.
The pavements and streets looked so wide compared with those in my home town, with crowds of people filling the main commercial streets, and the buildings were so impressive and solid!
I soon realised that I needed to use the underground to go anywhere I liked.
I used to visit "The Louvre" museum and spent the afternoons walking across "The Tuilleries" park and many other beautiful gardens.
Despite the fact that it was summer, the weather was mild and I enjoyed wandering around the city, talking to the people in order to improve my French, and reading the shop´s signs.
On the weekends I used to help my uncle and aunt in their restaurant, I washed the dishes and did some shopping.
I was really taken by Paris.
The "Eiffel Tower" impressed me a lot.
From the top the views of the city were great and reached many miles away.
Furthermore, I felt completely free being far from my family and making decisions on my own.
Capel Sport Centre
Capel is a sport complex where you can find many facilities for sport and leisure such as tennis, badminton, swimming pools and multi-sport areas.
There is also a restaurant and a social centre in the premises.
The complex is owned by a private local association.
To become a member you only have to fill the application form and pay a monthly fee which includes free access to the swimming pool and multi-sport areas.
A fitness centre will be open soon to expand the offer.
The sportcentre is located in the beautiful town of Algunaro, next to a housing development.
There are nice gardens everywhere and within easy reach of the city centre.
Parking facilities are available inside the complex.
In my opinion if you want to practice tennis, badminton or football, this is the best place to go.
Finest instructors of the technical staff are well qualified and they offer a wide range of activities for all ages and skill levels at affordable prices.
Moreover, you can spend a wonderful day with your friends in the swimming pool, and have a good meal in the restaurant, it´s up to you.
Something lost
I was about to open my car after doing some shopping in town when I realized that I had lost my car keys.
I had walked a long way through the shops so I thought I had dropped them in one of the shops when I was paying.
I decided to retrace my steps and ask.
Nobody could help me, there was no sign of my keys anywhere.
Fortunately I remembered the small cafeteria where I had stopped to have a rest.
It was my last chance.
As I was opening the door the waiter recognized me and showed me the car keys even before I started to ask him.
The whole thing took me more than two hours but finally I managed to return home in my car.
Young people´s health
Young people's health is worse now than it was twenty years ago.
What are the reasons?
The main reason is our way of life: lack of exercise and unhealthy eating habits.
Youngsters no longer play in the streets. They don´t walk enough. They go by car or take the bus.
Furthermore, they eat junk food, drink coke and love sweets so they become overweight.
Interesting to note is the low consumption of fruit and vegetables.
An equally important point is the problem of alcoholic drinks and underage drinking.
After all this you must now see that health problems are bound to happen.
What can we do?
I´m sure you will agree with me that education plays an important role in this issue.
Primary School should be a place to learn how to eat correctly, avoiding harmful food.
I also feel that a good diet involves whole foods and reducing the amount of salt in our meals.
But still there is much more to do: daily exercise for about one hour will do good for our health and should be a part of the daily routine for youth.
SUMMARY
SUMMARY
A person who moves across cultures is adaptable to other realities because the new situation has distinct aspects to our context.
In each culture rules unique guidelines and this is translate in more difficulties to adaptation.
According to important authors, it’s necessary to have skills on motivation, cognition and behavior and it’s important to be willingness to improve too.
If you do not have the ability of adapt to whatever situation, you will fail probably.
With the CQ seminar you can learn how to minister people with different cultures to your own.
The “Apolo” spaceship has a serious problem on April of 1970.
The astronaut preach the unforgettable words in this precise moment: “Houston, we’d had a problem”.
But they didn’t give up, instead of it, they illustrated a lesson of creativity, passion, uplift and perseverance to the world.
They achieve a successful final and this behavior gives meaning to the sentence:  “Failure is not an option”.
The CQ seminar gives us four tools to improve our cultural effectiveness and these tools provide the answers to nine questions:
-1) Drive:  it provides answer to questions like what is the level of my motivation or confidence for this task and how you can increase it.
-2) Knowledge: it provides answer to questions like what we need to know.
-3) Strategy: it provides answer to questions like what we need to plan.
-4) Action: it provides answer to questions like what behavior I can improve.
If we improve our cultural effectiveness, the world will be a better place.
hello 
hello my name is guss not know where to begin to learn English?
Living in Melbourne
I arrived in Melbourne 4 weeks ago.
I'm here to study English and get my Master's degree.
I want to learn English so I use it in my studies and work.
I'm living in Fitzroy in a home stay.
But before I was living with my friend.
I'm studying in an Australian Catholic University.
I'm looking for a job.
I need a job to pay the rent.
Melbourne is a beautiful city.
The people are very wonderful.
I like Melbourne so much.
Melbourne has may very cool places .
In Melbourne, I have many Colombians friends and I know people from other countries too.
I hope to learn English very well and fast.
Melbourne ...Last Month...
I arrived in Melbourne last month.
I'm living in a house with a couple of Australians, and a Chinese couple.
I'm living in a house with a couple of Australians and a Chinese couple.
 I've lived here for three weeks.
I've lived here for 3 weeks.
I'm looking for a new house, because I want to be cleaner and more organized.
I'm looking the new house because I want to be cleaner and more organized.
On Saturday, I went to the game between Collingwood and Port Adelaida.
On Saturday, I went to the game between Collingwood vs Port Adelaida.
After that I went to the pub with a Colombian friend and a Dutch Friend.
After than I went to the pub with a Colombian friend and a Holland Friend.
Then I went home.
I cooked Hamburger for myself.
On Sunday, I woke up at 10.30 a.m., and after that I went to see the Grand Prix.
On Sunday, I woke up at 10.30 a.m. After that I went to see the Gran Prix.
I hope that this week my writing will improve.
I hope that this week my writing is better.
Thanks...
My experience in Australia...
After almost two months living here in Melbourne,
I'm feeling better, because I've gotten to know Melbourne better and the language is also getting easier for me. Connect to above sentence.
I would like to stay and live here in Melbourne.
The city is cool and the people are nice.
I want to improve my English because I know that being able to speak it fluently will bring me more opportunities.
I'm looking for work but I have not found any.
I need a job to pay the rent and other things.
I have met many people from different places.
The English class has been good but could be better.
I have to pay more attention in the classes, and stop speaking Spanish. I have to have less and less contact with Spanish.
I hope that this time my English gets better.
Thank you...
See you later...
Looking for work
I arrived about a month and half ago.
I came to study English and to work because I need to pay my rent and cell phone bill .
I also need to work to buy food and things I like.
I would like to work as a waiter or barista.
But now I want to work and if I get cleaner I would.
I know it's hard to start, but I want to do it to show that nothing is difficult for me.
I've had interviews and tests in many restaurants.
They always say that they'll call me but they haven't been calling.
I'm desperate because I can't find work and I spend the day waiting for them to call .
Last week, I took a Barista course.
I hope that the course helps me find work.
love Love
i want a girlfriend . I want a girlfriend.
Trying to discover myself.
Hi guys, long time no write.
Well although I'm almost 30 years old I'm drifting.
It's been almost a year that I lost my job due to a job offer in a company, unfortunately things are stopped.
I lost not only a good job oportunity but also time.
I feel somehow very attached to my family and I think that's why I'm afraid of taking risks like moving to another city.
I admire some people who take risks and move so far from their families that after some years they've been earning good experience and good job positions.
But why can I do the same?
It's going to be a good chance to get a well paid job but as all the jobs the only drawbacks I know are that the job is going to be so far from home and some of the cities are so dangerous.
Will the money worth?
Would you be who you are today if you hadn´t endured the ´´trials´´ in your life?
In our world, you experience a lot of different situation every day.
Some of those could be good or bad, but the important thing is that you can learn of the situation.
In my life, I have lived for many experiences that sometimes makes me feel great and sometimes makes me cry.
Because of these situation I have learned a lot of things that becomes me in the person who I am.
In my childhood, My mother worked very hard to buy us all the things that we needed, but the money was not enough.
In these days, I didn´t have the oportunity to have any expensive toys or trendy clothes, but my mother taugh me to valorate every single thing that I had as if it were the most important thing in the world.
Besides that, I have lived my whole life with my uncles instead of my father.
That was very interesting because all my uncles were and are like my fathers and instead of one father, I have six.
They taugh me that the life is not easy and you have to fight to get all your short and long - term goals.
When I was I child, I didn´t spend time with my mother which was for me very difficult to understand.
In that stage of my life, my grandmother was like an angel for me.
She was with me in all my life experiences and always taugh me that mother was working all day to give me a better life and I had to love her with all my heart.
Hence, Do not give up if you face a problem, that problem could be the begining of a new better life.
Hello Everybody!! 
Hey!
Hope you are doing good!!
I'm tired of classes and also soccer practices already.
I can't wait for spring break.
I'm planning to go to Las Vegas from March 12nd to March 20th.
What are you doing for this break?
Hi Everybody!
Hi!
I'm new and I'm seeing how it works.
I'm new and I'm trying to see how this works.
I'm from Argentina and I came to the US to get my degree in Computer Systems.
I like the idea of meeting people from other countries; also I love to travel, 
I like the idea of meeting people from other countries. Also, I love to travel, 
I like the idea of meeting people from another countries. also, I love to travel, 
and play sports and videogames.
play sports and play videogames. --- necesite un otra palabra "play."
Hope I can make new friends and help them to learn Spanish.
I hope I can make new friends and help them learn Spanish.
this is my first entry
Everyone know that my English is really bad, but I'm here anyway.
Everyone know that my english is really bad, but i'm here..Everyone knows that my English is terrible but I'm here anyway. 
Also, I want talk about my life. I think that life is very cool and every day, I give thanks to God for it. I live in Bogota, Colombia, which is one beautiful country. The women of Colombia are the most beautiful. Heheheh. I studied economics and right now, I am working in a Korean company, but I don't want to very much, because I want to travel to the U.
S.
or Europe to learn English.
or Europe to brush up my English...
A very boring day at my work
a very boring day  at work
First I wanna say thanks to Fumika and Iggy for helping me with my english - muchas gracias-.
First I want to say thanks to Fumika and Iggy for the help with my english - muchas gracias-.
Today is a boring day because at my office I have to do things that
I dont wanna do, I have do it because I need a lot money if I want to travel. Every day I think about how it would be to live in london or new york???
I dont want to but I have do it becouse I need a lot money if I want to travel , every day I think how my life would be in london or new york???
and this makes me very happy..
this trip is to forget about everything that happens at my work..
This trip will help me forget about everything that happens at work.
Also, this weekend I want to go out with my sisters, we'll go see a movie. It's been a long time since I've seen my sisters. I have many friends and I like them a lot, I go out partying and I dont stay home very often, heheheh..
Also, I want to go out with my sisters this weekend, we will  go see a movie, I haven't seen my sisters in a long time, I have many friends and I like to party with them a lot, I dont stay at home very often heheheh..
kisses
My fabulous life!
hi guys!!
First, I want to tell you that I'm really happy and that's because I have a new job!!
This job is amazing. I have new coworkers, a new office, and all the bad things in my previous work are forgotten!!!
In my last blog I wrote about my trip. This is complicated because here in my country if you dont have a lot money, you are nothing!!!
So I have to save more money to apply for a visa ( I dont know how say VISA in english help me!!). I think I will travel in september or october. 
This weekend I will start taking my English lessons again, so I have many things to study and my bff andrea's B-day is this Saturday, so its party and drink time!!
byeeeeee
Hello everyone
Hello, to all lang-8 members.
Hello to all Lang-8 members.
I just discovered this amazing website that lets us practice any language and I decided to try it out.
I just discovered this amazing website that lets us practice any language, and I decided to try it out.
English has been part of my life for a while now, but I have to admit that my writing skills are not good enough and this is because I don't have a lot of opportunities to practice.
English has been a part of my life for a while now, but I have to admit that my writing skills are not good enough, and this is because I don't have a lot of opportunities to practice.
I truly believe learning other languages helps us to discover so many things about different cultures and people that all the effort to learn it's rewarded after all.
I truly believe learning other languages helps us to discover so many things about different cultures and people that all the effort to learn it is rewarded after all.
To introduce myself, I will write something about my hometown and about myself.
To introduce myself I will write something about my hometown and myself.
My city is called Guadalajara, and it is the second largest city in Mexico.
Its population is around 7 million people, because it has become a Metropolitan area that includes several cities .
Its population is around 7 million people because it has become a metropolitan area that includes several cities at the same time.
I am a 23-year-old graduate business student and for the next few months I will be doing an internship in eastern Europe.
I am a 23 year old graduate business student, and for the next few months I will do an internship in Eastern Europe.
Global warming
One of the books I read recently made me change my perspective on global warming.
This issue seems to be present everyday and everywhere, its so over-exposed that it makes us feel that it's something we should live with for the rest of our lives.
This issue seems to be present everyday and everywhere. It's so hyped up that it makes us feel like it's something we are going to have to live with for the rest of our lives.
As a Business student, the idea of mixing concepts such as environmentalism and profits was a bit crazy. But as I mentioned before I realized how we can make an opportunity of global warming.
As a Business student, the idea of mixing concepts such as environmentalism and profitability was a bit crazy. But as I mentioned before, I realized how we can turn global warming into an opportunity .
Now that consumers are aware of the risks ahead for global warming. Their consumption habits are changing in a positive way for the environment.
Now that most consumers are aware of the risks ahead for global warming, their consumption habits are changing in a positive way for the environment.
This change in consumers has also changed companies so that they offer production methods that will fulfill their need to help in global change and all this will lead to a greater change.
This change in consumers is approach for companies offering products that fulfill their preferences and requirements and all this will lead to a change. Companies can take advantage of this change in consumer habits by offering environmentally friendly products, which will lead to a change for the better for the environment. 
Being aware of the impact in our daily activities and in the world's future will help us to reclaim that we are the most intelligent specie on earth.
Being aware of the impact of our daily activities on the world's future will help to be part of a new revolution to reaffirm we are the most intelligent specie on earth.
Healthy mood
These last months I started a swimming class and I am enjoying it so much.These last few months&nbsp;I have been taking a swimming class and I am enjoying it so much.
I realized I should have started earlier; at the beginning I went twice a week and now I go 5 five days a week.-This sentence wasn't wrong, but this sounds better.&nbsp;
When I am practicing a sport I focus on keeping a healthy life style. I would like to start changing some of my eating habits, the way I eat at work kills me.
Always eating in a hurry doesn't help, fast food is not and option.It does not help that I always eat in a hurry. Because I want to start focusing on eating healthy fast food is no longer an option. - Are you saying that fast food is not an option anymore because you want to keep a healthy lifestyle or that you eat in a hurry but do not eat fast food? I assumed the first because that seemed to make the most sense in context.&nbsp;
So now more than a diet I am looking to keep a healthy life stile carrying on with my swimming classes, adding some more exercises during the morning and eating a lot more healthier.However, I am trying to keep a healthy life style that is more than just a change in diet. I am continuing with my swimming classes, but adding some more exercises during the morning and eating a lot healthier.-I changed the order of the first sentence, same situation as above. 
Future plans
Today I woke up very early in the morning as usual and I prepared everything to start a day of hard work.
Today I woke up very early in the morning as usual, and I prepared everything to start a hard day at work.
These last months at the office have been a bit different because I have the feeling of being somewhere else except here.
My trip to eastern Europe is so close that is making me crazy, I feel I have been arranging my departure for ages now.
My trip to eastern Europe it is so close that is making me crazy. I feel I have been arranging my departure for ages now.
I hope the rest of the visa procedures will be done soon so I can start my new projects as soon as possible.
It is quite annoying to wait on stand-by for a long time.
After finishing university I have the pressure of a new beginning where I have to make long term plans so I can have a clear view of what is going to happen with my professional future.
After finishing at the university I have the pressure of making long-term plans so I can have a clear view of my professional future.
I still don't know which business  I want to focus on.
Studying English
I am studying English and I am on the basic 3.
Today
Today was a very tired day!You could say:"Today was a very busy day" or "Today left me feeling very tired"
i woke up about 6 am and i went at universityI woke up about 6am and I went to University. Always use capitals for "I".
I woke up about 6 am and I went to university 
After that I went to an eEnglish academy to ask about a classes but i didn't like it!
After that I went to an English academy to ask about meeting classes but i didn't like it!
After I had to go back to my University and wait 1 hour until my next
class of English.
I ate, studied, spoke with some friends and had another class about 7 o clock'  
I arrived to my home about 8 pm 
I was very tired, I hope that tomorrow will be a great and relaxing day XD
Just!
I've seen increasingly the use of the word  JUST
when can i use it?
WHAT DOES MAD MEAN?
Should one say mad when one is angry with somebody?
or does it mean that someone is crazy?
ARE YOU MAD AT ME?
Are you mad?
MY MAD LIFE
HELP ME OUT!
What I need...
I really need to practice my speaking ability in english.
What can I do?
I want to use Skype
My skype is danielhuerta1
I want to use it to practice my english
I really need to meet some guys to practice 
my english with!
Hello!
Hi everyone!
I need to improve my english
i think that if im practice trough skype i will be better!I think that is I practice on skype I will get better.
my skype is danielhuerta1
and my e-mail msn is dabriths_@hotmail.
com
add me!
bye
Starting this site
Hi all, I knew about this site checking some CNN news, I thought this would be a good way to improve my English writing.
Hi all, I knew about this site after checking some CNN news, I though this is a good way to improve my english writing.
Now I'm here writting my first post, saying hi to all in this community.
Now I'm here writing my first posting, saying hi to all in this community.
I like to share good conversation with other people who like to speak other languages, I wait to keep contact with some people here.
I'd like to share good conversations with other people who like to speak other languages. I want to keep contact with some people here
My Weekend
Last night, I went to Alcorcons. There were movil discotecs. The place was crowded with people.
Patxi and I spent the night drinking and talking about women at the party.
My friend Patxi asked a mojito cubano when the guy gived the drink this was poor in licor and it had too much ice, patxi became hunger, he was feel anger, I thougth "My friend look like Hulk!".My friend Patxi ordered a Cuban Mojito. However, when the drink arrived, there wasn't much liquor, and it had too much ice. Because Patxi had not eaten and was hungry, he became angry. I thought, "My friend looks like the Hulk!"
He may control the anger.He was able to control his anger.
Past of 2 am.Sometime after 2 am, a girl I didn't know kissed my chest.
a unkonw  girl kissed me at my chess.
After 3 am.
My friend and I went to house.
About me
Hi, I'm an engineer of computer science.
At the time I study Master of Informatics Research at Madrid at "Universidad Complutense de Madrid".
I arrived at Community of Madrid on Oct/2010 and I had lived at Alcorcón City near Madrid City.
I finished my academic year successfully, I passed all my asignature in June, therefore I had vacation for very long time since July to September of this year.
In my vacation I went to Bruxelles, Frankfourt, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Santander and Valencia, all of them very nice places.
I hope to finish my masters in Feb/2012 and I will return to my country Ecuador with my family.
Please if anyone will talk to me, my skype account is gogueboy.
I could help you with the Spanish language.
Best Regards, 
Jorge Magallanes
My last travel
In my last travel I went to Ampuero, It's a tinny town in Community of Cantabria, north of the Spain.
I was in festivities at a chair of saint called "Virgin Bien Aparecida".
This religious's tradiction was about to beginnig of century 17th at 1605 year, when the Childrens of the region found a tinny sculture of wood, they was sorprise to cause strangers ligths rise of statue.
I helped in the chair as acolyte, the chair was full and I worked hard on 10 ceremonies, reading and recolete charity.
After the festities, my friends and I went to visited the place and We took pictures of the zone, there also were a lot of good food.
I knew more to my friend Fran, he is very nice person and he is from Spain.
We travel in your car and he drived for 5 hours because I haven't licence driver.
Studying a new language
Hi everyone, this is my first entry and i would like to tell you why I decided that I wanted to learn Japanese. First of all, since highscool in Universal History class I was very often fascinated when talking about Japan's culture.
The organization they have (goverment and society), their writing is so artistic and in some ways beautiful.
And of course since I was a child I loved the themes that anime transmitted to me; part of the ideals I have now are because of books and animes I watched as a kid. Now this may sound a little dumb but that is my reason.
So tell me, why did you decide to learn Japanese?
I would really like to know.
Take care.
Dear Mom and Dad:
I'm sorry, I haven't written before this, but I have been very busy with all 
the things that I have had to do.
Unfortunately, I don't have my own
computer to send you an e-mail before now.
Although I'm fine and excited.
We arrived at Tuxtla Gtz., Chiapas
yesterday.
Chiapas is a beautiful place, but one disadvantage is that
it is very hot.
Jaz (my friend) and I are going to San Cristobal de las
Casas tomorrow morning.
That place is colder than Tuxtla and it has 
a lot of colonial places to visit and many foreigners.
After that we want
to visit Palenque, an archeological place (one of the most important 
places of the "maya" culture.
At the moment we're in Tuxtla and we 
don't know yet where we want to go first.
So, please don't worry about me, I'm fine.
Write to me soon.
Yours Ady.
My unforgetable vacation
I went to Cancún four years ago.
It was a present from my parents because I just finished my career.
I went with some friends and with my sister.My sister and I went with some friends
We there for 1 week.We stayed there for a week.
We stayed in a ecological zone, where we had to take care turtles and their eggs.
We visited some mayan places like Chichen Itza, that is one of the seven new wonders; Calacmul pyramids and many beautiful beaches with sand.We visited some Mayan sites, like Chichen Itza. It is one of the Seven New Wonders, as well as, the Calacmul Pyramids, and many beautiful white sand beaches.&nbsp; 
In Cancún the weather is hot and you can sunbathe.
The diet is mainly based on shellfish, and it's delicious!
One night, we went out to a night club and we saw "Fher", a famous singer in México.
He has a rock band that is called "Mana".
He gave us an autograph and we took a photo with him.
It was great!
The return trip was difficult. We were involved in an accident on the highway. We also had to spend one day in a shelter because there was a hurricane. 
It was a bad experience.
Finally, we arrived to our houses a&nbsp;week later.
Drear Mom and Dad:
I'm sorry I didn't write sooner, I have been very busy lately.
the things that I have had to do.
Unfortunately, I didn't have my own
Unfortunately I don't have my own
computer to send you an e-mail.
I'm fine, and excited.
We arrived at Tuxtla Gtz., Chiapas
yesterday.
Chiapas is a beautiful place, but one disadvantage is that
it is very hot.
Jaz (my friend) and I are going to San Cristobal de las
Casas tomorrow morning.
It is colder than Tuxtla,it has 
a lot of colonial places to visit, and has many foreigners.
After that we want
to visit Palenque, an archaeological place.  Palenque is one of the most important
places of the Mayan culture.
At the moment we're in Tuxtla and we 
don't know where we want to go first yet.
don't yet know where we first want to go.
So, please don't worry about me, I'm fine.
Write to me soon.
Yours Ady.
Oral exam about myself 
Next saturday I'm going to take an oral exam, so I need somebody who can help me with this test.
The following is my presentation:
Oral exam
Well, since I couldn’t find an interesting topic to talk about, I’m going to talk about myself.
I was born in México, in 1983.
I have only one sister, who’s studying biology.
My dad is employed in a pharmaceutical company, and my mom works in a grocery shop.
When I was a child I liked playing with dolls, but I also liked cars.
Since then, my mom says I’m weird.
I remember a funny anecdote when I was in fifth grade: I peed in my pants ‘cause my classmates told me that they would give me a jam sandwich, but of course it was not true.
I had to take off my pants in school and put them in the sunlight.
My adolescence was boring, because there weren’t many of the bizarre things that are usual with teenagers.
I decided to study psychology when I was in CCH, but so far I understand that, it was because my mom was right, I was weird and I’m still being weird (or I’m still strange?).
Actually, I think people have unconscious reasons to decide their profession.
I love my job and I like helping insane people.
I’m working with teenagers and it seems to me very difficult because most of them don’t want to receive psychological treatment.
What else?
I like watching tv series, for example I love Dr.
House, Lost, Heroes.
Lately, I’ve been watching a British series called “Skin” which just speaks about teenagers.
I would recommend it.
I also like to read almost any book.
Next September I’m going to the USA for my cousin's wedding.
I will be drinking a lot of beer or vodka, and I’m going to go with my sister.
My father won’t go because my mom is afraid of heights.
….
Tourism and ecology
I would like to start talking about my own experience with tourism and ecology.
In fact, I've traveled to many places in Mexico but I haven't traveled abroad, even though I would obviously like to.
I think Mexico is beautiful, but unfortunately Mexicans don't know as much about ecology as in other countries.
Well...
Tourism is one of the most important activities in developing a country's economy.
However, this shouldn't be the most important of the tourism activities.
We must also take into account environmental issues.
For example, in Antarctica, which has incredible views of landscapes of ice, the ecosystem has been affected as a result of tourism.
To get there a simple traveler emits 4.5 tonnes of CO2 (carbon dioxide), which is an impressive amount of pollution.
Today, tourism is in a crisis as a result of the economic crisis, but we must not forget touristic activities that include the preservation of the environment.
Therefore there are places which include both activities: tourism and environmental care.
Maybe we can help by planting a tree, saving electricity, water or not throwing garbage in the street.
That can be great!!!
I`m studying english grammar
I am studying english grammar and I want to improve it.
If you can help me, I will be very grateful.
Edu
The Tao of Pooh.
Today I didn't know what to write about on Lang-8.Today I didn't know what to write about on Lang-8
However I think I need write about something every day, in order to improve my English.
Some time ago, at my parents' house, I was talking with my sister, Sonia.
She is an English teacher in an private English academy, at the north of Córdoba, Spain.
She showed me a book called "The Tao of Pooh" by Benjamin Hoffman.
At the beginning of the book there is a sentence which says: "A fly can´t bird, but a bird can fly" 
I didn´t know the meaning of the the word "bird", I was crazy.
I searched for it on "wordreference web", but I could not find its meaning.
So I asked Sonia and she said to me: "Bird, like a verb means cazar"
After this, I promised myself, I never will forget it.
Thank you for reading and correcting.
Córdoba, Spain.
Today I'm going to Córdoba in order to visit my parents.
I was born in Córdoba.
It is a beautiful city.
Life is peaceful in Córdoba.
Córdoba has the only Mosque-Cathedral in the world.
My favorite month there is May.
In May the city smells of orange blossom.
Courtyards are adorned with a lot of flowers because of an event known as "Los Patios".
After Los Patios, in the squares of Córdoba, people build crosses using flowers and a bar is opened to the public..
This is known as "Las Cruces de Mayo" (The May Crosses).
It is wonderful.
A week later, the Feria de la Salud (The Health fair) comes.
Then a big space of Córdoba is occupied with a lot of building or marquee gen with music, horses in the streets, and women wearing traditional clothes.
Then a big space of Córdoba is occupied with a lot of building or marquee gen with music, horses in the streets, women wearing traditional clothes, etc. the etc. is fine. I'm not completely sure what you're trying to say here...Maybe "A large part of Cordoba" or "Much of Cordoba becomes occupied by buildings or marquee gen with music..." or "Buildings and marquee gens in Cordoba are filled with music..."
Now I live in Sevilla...
but I'll talk about that another day.
Thank you for reading and correcting.
First writing.
Hello everybody!
This is my first time writing.
I want to improve my english.
I am from Córdoba, Spain, but I have lived in Sevilla for five years.
I have studied Criminology at Sevilla University.
Thank you everybody for reading and correcting my writing.
The fall of the giants.
Nowadays I am reading the Ken Follet´s book "The Fall of the Giants".
It is a interesting book but at some chapters It is too boring.
I have read over nine hundreds pages so I only need to read over one hundred twenty pages to finish it.
Before I started to read this book, I read "The Pillars of the Earth" and "World without end" They both are awesome but I prefer "The Pillars of the Earth" if I have to choose one.
When I finish reading "The Fall of the Giants", I want to read "The Name of the Wind" of Patrick Rothfuss.
I think I will like it.
Thanks to read and correct.
A true story.
My sister in law, Laura, works as a cashier.
She has worked as a cashier in several Spanish cities.
One of them was Ibiza.
One time, a middle-aged woman arrived at the counter.
The woman put a laundry detergent box on the supermarket counter.
Laura took the box, and opened it to check inside.
It was surprising!!
Inside the box there was a big piece of cheese, the woman was stealing.
Laura looked at her with the piece of cheese in her hand.
The women said: "Don´t tell me anything.
Have I won a piece of cheese?"
Laura couldn´t stop laughing.
Thank you for reading and correcting.
Magicians.
Today I am going to tell you about magicians and magic.
I do magic but not as my job. My real job has to do with law.
When I was twelve years old I found a magic book in my grandfather´s library: "Magia, Ilusionismo y Prestidigitación" ( I'm not going to translate these words because they mean the same in english) by Antonio de Armenteras.
I read it very quickly.
It was fantastic...
but I stopped doing it after a while.
Some years later, when I was twenty-three years old I started the hobby up again.
I bought a book "Cartomagia fundamental" (Basic magic with cards) by Vicente Canuto and bought some decks to practice.
Today I have a lot of books about magic, over thirty.
I am a good magician and I enjoy it when people enjoy watching my performances.
If sometime you are in Sevilla and you want to see for yourself, contact me.
We can have a beer or two while I perform for you. "act" is more for interpreting characters
Thank you for reading and correcting.
An invented story.
I went to the river side and I saw you were alone.
I thought you were disoriented so I tried to help you.
I asked you: "Are you fine?" Then, you looked directly into my eyes and fell down on the grass.沝
"Wake up!
Wake up!" I felt your breath in my  face.
I could hear your heartbeat but you didn´t open your eyes.
At that moment, a thin rain started to fall on the land.
Your body began getting wet and cold.
I couldn´t do anything.
Suddenly, I heard a female voice.
It said "Manuel wake up, you have to go to the school, right now!" It was my mother.਽
All this was just a bad dream, a terrible nighmare about you, my love.
Thank you in advance!
I like cooking.
Nowadays I don´t have much free time.
I have a lot of plans in course and I am spending all my time doing them.
However, I need to eat everyday!
So I have to cook.
Cooking isn´t one of my plans :)
Today I am going to cook fish, specifically gilt-head.
I think I will make oven-baked fish, just with a little salt and lemon.
Maybe I will add some pepper.
I am going to fry some potatoes to add to the fish.
Mmmm Now I am very hungry so I'll leave you.
I going to cook!
Bye.
Another invented story.
I was sleeping.
Suddenly I heard a noise, like the main door of my house was being opened.
I opened my eyes .
I was afraid They were here.
I looked for my gun and I found it in the drawer of my wardrobe.
I checked my gun.
It had four bullets, so I had two for each person.
Their steps made enough sound to be heard by me, so I could tell where They were.
"Now, They are crossing the corridor, the living room, the other corridor...
They are just behind the door of my bedroom"
"Clack" "Clack" They their pistols. not sure what the verb would be, maybe "readied"
I knew They wanted to kill me.
I was going to hide under the bed when I changed my mind and hid in the wardrobe.
Earlier I put the pillow under the eiderdown, as if I was there.
They quietly opened the door of my bedroom, and They shot, shot and shot into the pillow.
Then I came out of the wardrobe, It was very surprising for them, and I killed them.
I was unharmed, I was alive.
Now, I could continue sleeping.
I have not had time today.
all day long, I have not studied English.
There are several reasons but the main two are:
I have had to study a chapter about criminal law.
It is very long and difficult and I have needed a lot of time to work on it.
The other reason was a doctor's appointment.
Two weeks ago I injured myself in the knee, I suffered a sprain, so today I went to the hospital and had an MRI done. can also say, "I injured my knee".
Next Monday, I have to go to the hospital again for the results.
In conclusion, right now is the only time I have worked on my English today.
Thank you for reading and correcting.
(Today I have tried to explain some situations which are not easy for me to explain) 
A funny situation.
Ten years ago, I was with two friends: Paco and Antonio.
We were having something in a bar of the neighborhood I lived in. or, "something in one of the bars in the neighborhood". or, "neighborhood where I lived."
At one point, Paco said to us "I'm going to phone Perales (another friend) to tell him to come here.
Paco went to a nearby telephone box and we, Antonio and I, went with him.
Paco dialed the phone number and said: "Hello, is Perales there?".
A familiar female voice answered him.
"Paco?"
Paco said: "Mum?
What are you doing at Perales' house?"
He made a mistake dialing the phone number and he called his home.
Thank you for reading and correcting me.
Today.
I'm going to start studying now.
Today I have to spend a lot of time working in law matters.
I am preparing for a very difficult exam.
It will be in February of 2012.
There is only a seventy five capacity for panish so I think It will be very hard to pass.
However if I don't try it I know I will be repentant.
One of the tests is an english exam.
It is written and oral.
When the day comes I will tell you about how it was.
Bye and thanks.
I will do the TOEIC exam
Hi.....
I need help with my English, because I am going to do the TOEIC exam...
I need help with my English, because I am going to take the TOEIC exam...
I don't know much English, so I try to practice, but it's so difficult.....
please help me!!!.....
I want to have many friends!!!
Helping  my friend!
The other day, I was helping my Korean friend with his Spanish homework.
The other day, I was helping my Korean friend with his Spanish homework.
He is Korean but at this moment lives in Japan and studies Spanish.
He is Korean but at the moment he lives in Japan and is studying Spanish.
The unique way to communicate with him is in the English language; I write some words but I know that he can understand me.
I try to study, but I can't find the best way to study English.
Thank for your help!!.....(^.
^)
About me!
Hello!
(^.
^)
My name is Karen, but you can call me Yesse.
I'm from Honduras, and I'm 22 years old.
I study at the college(university).
I want to learn English, because it's the most important language in the world.
It's the business language.....
It's the business language.....
I want to have many friends..
I want to have many friends..
and I hope to get to know many of you... 
and I hope to meet a lot of you...
Have a nice day.
¡De nuevo por aquí!
jejejeje(^,^) Ya días no visitaba  lang-, eso debido a que últimamente estuve en exámenes.
Espero pasar más tiempo por acá.
Aunque el idioma que necesito practicar es el inglés, no esta mal de vez en cuando escribir en nuestro idioma para no olvidarlo.
jajjajaj(^^,)
I like K-Pop
Hi!
jejjeje...(^.
^)
I really like K-Pop. My favorites groups are ss501, Super Junior, C.
N.
Blue, 2NE1, and Girls' Generation....
I try to do a paragraph in English, but it's so difficult.....
My first diary
hello, i need help with my english. I love the language but i have some problems when i have to write in english. Well, I understand English, because when I watch some TV programs that are in English I understand everything...
Hello, I need help with my english. I love the language but I have some problems with writing. Well, I understand english, because when I watch TV programs that are in English I understand everything...
Hello, I need help with my English. I love the language but I have some problems when I have to write it in English. Well, I understand English, because when I watch some programs on TV that are in English, I can understand everything...
However, I don't know how well my writing is.
But I don´t know how my writing is.
Please help me!!!
Please help me!!!
A MUSICAL EXISTENCE
Throughout millions of years, music has been within ourselves, and has helped humanity in creating who we are.
Since ancient times of Romans and Greeks, who thought this art was more than a mere lifestyle, to our modern ones, the evolution of music has not stopped.
Thereupon I stand that human beings could not survive in modern times without musical arts.
Do you think it is possible to live without it?
For example, if we do a poll, most of the people will probably not consider having a lifestyle dominated by music.
However, they have it.
Music is everywhere since we wake up, until we go to bed.
In every space, in every shape, in every time.
Musical arts are considered so complex and sophisticated that they are thought to be another science, which has its own structures and rules in order to exist and serve to others.
In fact, music entails a series of numerological relations, which have mathematics as one of its bases.
That is why humanity has worked on it, and with it, to develop the world as we know it.
Moreover, there are lots of life experiences that have demonstrated the power of music in expressing emotions and feelings.
With music, we can handle our day-to-day functioning, if we feel happy, sad, anxious, worried, or even, we do not know how to express what we are feeling, music solves the dilemma.
For instance, how many times did we have to deal with one of our terrible enemies of modern times; stress.
And, you know what?
It is easy: stop writing, close your computer, grab your radio and press play!
Mission accomplished.
In the same way, music is considered as a tool for building societies.
Serving as one of the mainstays in modern society, music can get along in creating communities, representing an expression, or showing public outcry, in any time or place.
This art boasts a special feature, typical from cultures, which is to identify themselves with songs and melodies that represent their stands and beliefs.
Furthermore, music helps to make life more livable within a community, an aspect that we need so much these days, when hardly anyone endures to our side / when hardly anyone bears the one who is to our side / when barely no one puts up with who is on our side (I'm not sure how to say it correctly)
For all these reasons, musical arts are considered one of the most complex and complete forms of art.
In addition, human beings are able to express ourselves through music, while music can work as a powerful tool for building life in society.
Humanity needs a way to release its essence, and what better than do it to the rhythm of music.
All in all, the old Friedrich Nietzsche’s saying is correct, “Without music life would be a mistake.”
Working as a translator is the perfect job for me. 
Working as a translator is the perfect job for me.
Every day, translating becomes a challenging task due to the constant development and dynamic natures of the languages all around the world.
Despite this fact, I like being challenged by things I really like to do.
I feel more motivated when reaching a certain goal and that will improve my performance. Being a translator will open innumerable opportunities for me.
I thought that at the beginning of my career, and I still think it: there is no other job for me than being a translator.
My neighbourhood
I have lived in Peñalolén, one of the 32 communes of Greater Santiago in the Metropolitan Region, for the last ten years.
Peñalolén (in Mapudungun “fraternal meeting people”) was founded on November 15, 1984, and since that year, it has had five mayors; the current one is Claudio Orrego.
To be exact, I live in the Cousiño Macul Park Condominiums, one of many condominiums buildings there are here.
It is located near a Jumbo supermarket, a school, and many minimarkets, so it is definitely a very convenient place to live.
Peñalolén has 4 areas or little neighbourhoods: High Peñalolén, Lo Hermida, La Faena and San Luis of Macul, and it also has a lot of green areas, such as Viña Cousiño Park, Quebrada de Macul and Arrieta Park, among others.
I think my neighbourhood is a very convenient one, because it has a great amount of supermarkets (many Jumbos and Liders), schools (such as Pumahue School and Mayor School, where I studied), universities (SEK International University and Adolfo Ibáñez University, one of the most technological and also expensive universities in Santiago), and also a lot of parks and local markets attended by local people where neighbours can buy fruits, vegetables and even clothes and furniture at lower prices.
One of the great things I think Peñalolén has to offer to the community, and also to visitors, is its many touristic attractions.
In this commune, there are 10 different places to visit, enjoy, and learn more about its history and people.
For example, you can choose among: Arrieta’s Old Estate House and Park, Mapuche’s Rhuka Kimn, where you can learn about the Mapuche culture and even meet some of them, Peace and Commemoration Park Villa Grimaldi, Cantalao Native Forest Centre, Quebrada de Macul Park’s Andean Mountain Gap, Cousiño Macul and Aquitania Vineyards, La Rosa and El Sol Arts and Handicrafts Towns, and the Ecological Community, all with their beautiful sites and special charm.
If you have the opportunity to visit Peñalolén, come and enjoy its beauty and what it has to offer to anyone who wants to have an awesome time.
Hi again!!
I have nothing to say. I don't know what to say.
Well...
today I want to write about next Saturday...
This day is very important in Spain.
IT IS THE FINAL CHAMPIONSHIP!!!
F.
C.
Barcelona vs.
Manchester United, it´s a pity, because I´d like to see Real Madrid vs.
someone.
But I hope that Manchester United wins-- come on Owen!!!
come on Rooney!!
If F.
C.
Barcelona wins...
Real Madrid will publish the news "Kun Aguero is a new Real Madrid soccer player" ;)
The best team must win-- good luck to all!!
F1
What do you think about F1?
Fernando Alonso is a Spanish F1 driver, a very good driver!
Pedro De La Rosa is a Spanish F1 driver too, but now he hasn´t got a car.
Pedro De La Rosa is also a Spanish F1 driver, but now he doesn't have a car.
Two years ago, Hamilton was a rival for Alonso, but this year, they hate Vettel!! Better: Hamilton was Alonso's rival...
Two years ago, Hamilton was a rival of Alonso's, but this year, they hate Vettel!!
I hope Alonso wins the world cup- he is the best!!!
In soccer, Spain is the best in the world, in basketball we are very good too, and in tennis we have Nadal! Among others tennis players!
In soccer, Spain is the best in the world, in basketball we are also very good, and in tennis we have Nadal! As well as other tennis players!
In motorcycles...
Spain is living a good time for sports!
Right now is a good time for Spain in sports!
I´m very happy!!!
Tu y usted, you and you???
In Spain we use the personal pronoun "tu," or "you" in English, but when we talk with old people, or an important person, we say the more educated "usted," but in English it is the same "you." What is the difference?
Last weekend
On Saturday, I finished my work at 10pm (very late :( ). I went to my house, took a shower and went to Madrid.
On Saturday, I finished my work at 10pm (very late :( ) I went to my house, I took a shower and went to Madrid.
We had dinner and something to drink. Who is we?
At 3am, we went to bed.
On Sunday morning, we got up at half past nine (9.30am) and watched the car races.
In the morning on Sunday, we got up at half past nine (9.30am) and watched the race car.
Then, we went on a walk to Retiro. There were a lot of people!!!
It was a sunny day!
At lunchtime, we had some "tapas", which are a typical Spanish dish!
You drink a wine, Coke...
and the waiter serves you the "tapa"- it can be anomelette, sausages, bread with ham, etc.
Yesterday...
Yesterday was Wednesday.
I worked in the morning.
I finished my work at half past four.
I went home and had lunch- at that time of day I´m always very hungry!!!
Then I played on my computer, and then went to a shopping center to buy some clothes.
I bought two shirts and a pair of jeans. 
Then, at home I had pizza for dinner, watched TV and went to bed.
Today is a new day, and it will never come again, so enjoy your day!!!!
Tuesday
I got up at half past seven (7.30 am), I took a shower, I had breakfast -a glass of orange juice, chocolate milk and one croissant- I dryed my hair and I got myself ready.
I ate macaroni (pasta) with sausages and "chorizo".
Now I´m at home and I have to do a lot of things...
Today I start my work before my vacation. It was funny because I didn´t do anything!!!
Spanish drivers and pedestrians...
Everyday I drive to work.
Everyday I drive to my work.
Every day I drive to work.
There are 12 kilometres from my house to the shop.
It is 12 kilometres from my house to the shop.
Some days are traffic jams, and most people lose their heads!!
Some days there are traffic jams, and most people lose their heads!!
Sometimes I do too...
Sometimes I do too...
You can hear many klaxon!! What is a klaxon?
You can hear many klaxon!! Not sure what you are trying to say here
You can hear many people honking their horns!!
But...
now we must to drive 110 km/h.
All Spaniards are angry, but we can´t do anything about it.
All Spanish people are angry, but we won't do anything.
Then, Spanish pedestrians don´t look when they cross the road, and I ask myself: Do the know that they could die?
Then, Spanish pedestrians don´t look when they cross the road. Answer me this: Do they know that they can die?
Then, Spanish pedestrians don´t look when they cross the road, and I ask myself: Don't they know that they could die?
The car maybe fail, I´m a human...I'm not sure what you mean here.
The car may fail, I´m only human...
They cross the road where they want, don´t look, and cross slowly...
They cross the road wherever they want, don´t look, cross slowly...
On another day I will speak about drivers at roundabouts...
Another day I will speak about drivers at roundabouts...
WoW!!
Today I am inspired!!!
I have had a lot of questions...
all day in my head...
not only about English; I don´t know what to do in my life.
I´d like to go around the world, study a lot of languages, study medicine, but is later now... I don't know what you mean by "but is later now."
We always say all the things we want to do, but we never have time.
I´m happy with my work now, because here in Spain, and the rest of the world it is very important to have money!!
But it isn't what I want to do in the long run...
One question!!
When you write something talking about you, for example:
I go to beach next summer, and I will go to eat a paella.
Always say "I" my question is: when you write "I" always must be like this "I" and no like this "i"??
I hope you understand me!!
One question!!
HHere in Spain when we say "thank you"(gracias) the other person responds "you´re welcome"???(we say "de nada")
If I translate it to Spanish, "tu eres bienvenido" is correct???
Thank you!!!
Spanish omelette
I love the Spanish omelette!!
I love Spanish omelettes!!
They are delicious!!
To make it for four people:
For make them for four people:
You will needsix eggs, five medium potatoes, salt, olive oil and onion if you like it!
Peel the potatoes, chop onions on a plate, put salt on it.
Peel the potatoes, chop the onions on a plate, and put salt on them.
In a pan with the olive oil, fry the potatoes and the onions.
In the meantime, beat the eggs, if you like juicy (jugosa), add a splash of water to the eggs.
In the meantime, beat the eggs. If you like them juicy (jugosa), add a splash of water to the eggs.
Add the french fries to the eggs, and mix it.
Add the french fries to the eggs, and mix it all together.
With a little of olive oil on the pan, put all in the pan.
With a little olive oil in the pan, put everything in the pan.
Wait a few minutes, and then let it simmer.
Now this part is difficult!!!
Now comes the difficult part!
You must turn the omelet!!
You have to flip the omelette!!
For help use a big plate. 
It helps to use a big plate.
Let it cook for some minutes on the other side and...
Let it cook for a few minutes on the other side and...
voila!!
You can eat it with a salad, soup, or bread and mayonnaise!
Let me know if you enjoy it!!!
Try it and let me know how you like it!
My last trip
Yesterday I returned from Amsterdam.
I´m very sad now...
I went in September, and also last week.
It was beautiful!!
But my English is bad and my pronunciation too.
There, all the Dutch people speak English and Dutch!
They go everywhere by bike!
On all the streets there are a lot of bicycles!
I visited "Den Haag", and I saw the North Sea. It was so cold!!!
But the beach was very big!
They just need the Spanish sun!
Lucky for us, we didn´t see any rain!
It was very cold, and we spent two evenings in "Vondelpark".
Today I don´t have to go to work, so I am washing our clothes from the week. Tomorrow I will work :( :(
Quitting smoking is easy if you know how.
This is the title of a new book I got.
This is the title of the book I started reading.
I´m a smoker, and I hate it.
This book is very interesting. It was written by Allen Carr.
When I finish it, I will tell you if it works.
When I finish it, I will let you know if it works.
I want to quit smoking the first of May.
Here in Spain you can only smoke on the street and in your home; we can´t smoke in bars.
Here it was typical to drink a coke or your favourite drink with a cigarette!
Before it was typical here to drink a Coke or your favourite drink with a cigarette!
And watch football in bars with a cigarette, AND NOW WE CAN´T!!!!
About two years ago a lot of bars reformed, and built a small room into the bar for the smokers. They spent money on this and now it's worthless.
About two years ago a lot of bars remodeled and added a small room onto the bar for smokers. They spent all that money, and now it's for nothing.
But it isn´t my problem now, because I will be a non-smoker!!
But it isn´t my problem now, because I will soon be a non-smoker!!
Only one more week !
About me
Hi!
My name is Laura.
I live in Madrid, Spain.
I´m twenty-four years old.
I work in a shop.
I´d like to learn English and more languages. They are very interesting to me.
I´d like to learn English and I am also interested in learning other languages.
I´m ashamed to speak English because of my bad pronunciation!
A lot of people think the Spanish have sense of ridiculous!
A lot of people think the Spanish have a good sense of humor!
I think...
it's true!
The new TV program!
All days I think "what about my wrong English?" well...
Next September I will go to school for learn more and best English, but...
I could not belive that my eyes are waching!!!
A TV program where they teach us!
But I need to learn more English until July, because I rented a beautiful house near the beach, and the owner is English!
Also I´d like to travel, and my dream is to work in other country, a short o long time, but always with my Spanish home, I will miss the "jamon"
If you know someone who needs a Spanish man or woman to work, I´m here!!
;)
Next September I will study a lot of for my perfect English...
You won´t can to belive it!!
Films and TV series
I´m searching for films and TV series in their original versions, and I can't find anything.
I´d like to watch "The Simpsons" because in Spanish I have good memories of it, and I've seen it in English on trips to other countries, and I understood some words!!
How sad!!
I´d like too see some film with English subtitles, or Spanish subtitles.
I´d like to watch some films with English subtitles, or Spanish subtitles. Films is okay, but slightly formal- movies sounds more natural. 
I´ve seen some music videos on youtube, and listened to English music, like Madonna -- I understand her very well!!
I search for the song lyrics, and I sing like crazy!
If someone hears me, they will want to kill me!!
Spain, my country... (1)
I was born in Leon, a small city in Spain, but when I was eighteen years old, I moved to Madrid.
Now I live in Madrid and I go to Leon to see my family.
Now I live in Madrid and I go to Leon to visit my family.
You can eat very well, go to our beautifull beaches, you can visit the monuments, and we have good weather!!!
You can eat delicious food, go to our beautiful beaches, visit our famous monuments, and we have good weather!!!
You can eat very well here, go to our beautiful beaches, and visit our monuments, and we have good weather!!!
I like Spain, but I´d like to live in other countries. I want to know other people, to learn languages, customs, houses, cars...
I like Spain, but I´d like to live in other countries, I want to meet other people and learn languages, customs, houses, cars...
But always my home will be in Spain.
But always my home is in Spain.
You must to visit my country. I´m sure you will like it!!!
You must visit my country, I´m sure you will like it!!!
You must come visit my country, I´m sure you will like it!!!
Education for Chile
Hi, I am student of Chile, I am studying engineering at the University of Santiago of Chile.
With all other universities that are public of my country, we are protesting for a better education, that is equal for all.
but the government of my country, doesn't like this ;they allow good quality eduacation for only a group of selected of person.
Also when we try to protest, they put the police in the street, with the order to arrest for no reason, with the utilization of excessive force. 
my day 
today in the morning, I woke up at the ten thirty , i been looking out the windows like a half hour, thinking about yesterday, it was a very fun day, I met with my friends from school, from december of 2010 that i don't see, we talk for many hours, about the university, and the new friend that we have found..
spent a lot of time in that, but it is great to share time with your friends 
A crazy story
Once upon a time, in Vencia, Italy,a marine world under its “gondolas”.
In this place, lived aliens with the latest unknown technology, in fact, they were the responsible that the “gondolas” moved.
The aliens lived in giant bubbles, but sometimes they walked their pets (sharks) to see the wonderful things in Venecia, like the “Saint Marcos square” and an other times they chatted with “gondoliers”.
But that time came to end when the aliens were attacked by penguins and the aliens had to move to Naolinco; it is located in the centre of Veracruz state, 32 kilometers north of Xalapa.
In Naolinco, the aliens found a new life and worked making shoes of different kinds and they enjoyed the “Patronal party”, it is celebrated in September 15th  and they dressed up like  cowboys, devils, women, etc.
There, the aliens met  Harry Potter, a wizard that invited the aliens to Hogwarts school to learn magic, where they also had yoga, salsa and aerobic lessons with Dumbledore.
Finally the aliens came back to Naolinco and ate mole, gorditas and traditional food, but before to leave Hogwarts, Harry gave them some magic water from the fountain of life and the aliens became stronger and immortals.
Then the aliens went to Venecia to defy the penguins in a baseball game and when the aliens won, they returned at home and had cultural events without sleep because they were immortals and sometimes they came back to Naolinco to buy shoes and visit Hogwarts.
By: Amber
Hello everybody
Hello everybodyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Hey, I am new to this page and I hope that you want to be my friends but, most importantly,
Help me learn English.
You see, I am studying English because I like it and also because I like acting. My dream is first to learn English and then to travel to London to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Arts.
So, please help me achieve my dream.
If you are from England, I need your help even more....
^^
So I can help you with Spanish if you want it.
Domo Arigato gozaimasu(japanese)
See you later
Sayonara
Amber Goldsmith
THE BLUE ROSE
Please, write me!
Ok.
In my first text nobody posted any corrections for me.
In my first text nobody posted any corrections for me.
I am so sad that they did not.
Please help me.
On the other hand I want to help somebody to learn Spanish and also I want to have many more friends.
On the other hand, I want to help somebody to learn spanish and I also want have more friends.
C'mon write me!
Amber
My favourite phrase
"It is never too late to be who you want to be; there's no time limit. You can begin when you want. You can change or you can remain the same. Life doesn't have rules; make it the most of wasting it. I don't understand "make it the most of wasting it"
I hope you take advantage; I hope you see things that surprise you, I hope you feel things that you have never felt, I hope you meet people with different opinions, I hope you are proud of your life; if you aren't, I hope you have the strength and you can begin it again."
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Hi
Hi everyone, I'm new so this is the first time that I write here, I don't know if this is the right place to do it :S, anyway...
I'm from Argentina and I need to improve my english ...
also I love japanese culture, I tried to learn japanese by myself but it's to difficult...
I will be more than glad if you can help me with any of them :)  ...
and if you need help leraning spanish I would love to help you
The correct expression
I'm studing chemical engineering and I want to explain how a voltaic cell works.
It's an oxidation-reduction process.
I don't know which is the correct expression to say.  That the copper "gets reduced" and the zinc "gets oxidated"...?
(Quiero decir que el cobre se reduce ganando electrones y el zinc se oxida perdiendo electrones)
The return of the living dead
Hi everyone. It's been so long since the last time that I posted something here, or anywhere.
I have been absent for a while from all my internet activities.
I haven't been practicing my english so I thought that I might have forgotten how to write.
I was so busy with all my university stuff that I didn't have time to do anything but study.
Last Friday I took my last final exam. It was my last chance to pass so thank God I did it right.
Classes will start March 8th so I have one week of vacation to rest and do all the things that I won't be able to do during the year.
I have a new hobby!!
watching doramas,tons of them!!
I don't know if I have mentioned this before but I love asian culture, especially japanese culture.
I'm glad to be able to write again, and I hope I can write more frequently so I can continue learning and improving my English.
Hello!
Hello everybody!
My name's Maria, and I'm Spanish.
I haven't studied English for many years now, so please help me to improve my writing skills .
I'm also lacking lots of vocabulary, so it would be fine if you'd help me with that.
If you need help with Spanish just let me know.
Thank you very much.
Without help
How can I know what percentage of English I have mastered? It's so hard to know this, but people know by the mistakes that we make. For the first time I am not using anything for helping me in my writing like other times when I used a dictionary or online translator to help me a little bit. So I wanna realize how many mistakes I have to know my English´s average from this little I wrote.
Thank you.
Tonight
Tonight was really nice, first I went to a friend´s house and watched a soccer game.
And then when the match was finished, we went to a party but it really wasn’t that great, mmm it was fun but I hoped for something better. Anyway, it was really great night and my friends and I had a good time. OR: I hoped for something better. Whatever -- it was...
Finally, I turned off my computer and I started to describe my day; now I´m going to sleep on my bed.
Thanks, I really hope that you can help me with my English and if it´s possible correct my mistakes.
Mother´s Day
In my country tomorrow is gonna be mother´s day (10-may-11), I´m a little nervous because I wasn’t able to buy a gift for her.
Anyway I´ll hug and kiss her.
All my family will meet in my house for the meal, also I´ll congratulate my sisters because they are mothers too.
For next year, I'll save a lot of money to buy something for her.
Although she told me that just good behavior is enough.
I would have been able to buy something for her but I don´t work anymore.
Boring day?
Today was a hard day. I went to the dentist with my mom and was waiting around 2 hours for her turn, and then another hour for her appointment to finish. Finally, we were able to return home and I realized that it was too late to go anywhere. Honestly, I was a bit stressed so I preferred to stay home and rest well. I was a bit angry about other issues and I think I wasted my Friday, but it´s ok because I´ll have more chances to have a nice weekend.
The soccer match
Today we had a soccer match in the "Guadalupe" league, and it was a hard one but we did well. In the first half time we had a lot of opportunities to score but we didn´t because the other team is also strong.
When the second part started, we improved our passing and overall game and maybe 8 or 10 minutes after that, we finally were able to score the a goal and put ourselves in the lead. But four minutes before the end they scored on us.
Unfortunately the match ended with 1-1 as the final score.
Anyway it was a nice match and all of us are happy about our performance.
I think I could have played better however I think I did pretty well.
Childhood games
One of the games children played when I was child is called "matagente", which is a kind of dodgeball.
It's played with a group of people and a designated couple that flanks them.
The couple passes the ball each other, trying to hit the people between them.
When they hit a person, he/she goes out of play.
The last person left wins the game.
Another game popular on that age (specially among girls) is jacks ("yases" in Peru).
Here, we play with six jacks.
The player throws a rubber ball and takes the jacks before the ball makes more than one bounce.
First, one takes the jacks one by one, later two by two, and so on, until take the six jacks in one move.
Later, one plays again one by one, but with additional actions: banging on the floor before taking the jack, taking in two steps, taking without even a ball bounce, or a combination of these and others.
Leisure
All right!
Two days ago I decided to log in here.
I have to admit I was kind of nervous, as you can read in my first entry.
I have to admit that I was kind of nervous, as you  can read in my first entry.
Nevertheless now I'm a little bit dissappointed 'cause no one corrected me.
Nevertheless, now I'm a little bit disappointed because nobody corrected me.
Boo!
But anyway, I'm still waiting for someone nice ñ_ñ.
Anyway, I'm still waiting for someone nice ñ_ñ.
However, this entry is pretty boring as I don't have anything good to communicate or any funny stories, actually, my mind is somewhere else.
However, this entry is pretty boring--I don't have anything good to communicate or any funny story. Actually, my mind is somewhere else. 
Benoît Pimont!
Hello everyone!
I don't expect you to remember all my entries, but today's entry it's going to be about something I wrote some months ago.
I have to admit it, I'm very happy!
Today I was able to obtain Benoît Pimont's music!
I'd passed the last two years trying to download the soundtrack of "Grégoire Moulin contre l'humanite"...
It was such a hard job, but today all my dreams came true!
Now I can listen to every single song in this soundtrack as much as I want!
The method I used it's actually kind of lame, but who cares?
It works!
So now, I'm going to share this with you.
Maybe someday you could needit.
The only thing I had to do is to connect a cable that has in both sides the same head, and connect one into the microphone and the other one
into the headphones plug-in.
So that, whatever I record it's going to be clean, that means, without any annoying noise!
Well, that's all for today, I hope to write something else later!
What a shame!
First of all!
I'm finally free!
That's right!
Last monday, I officially ended all my school stuff!
I haven't gotten my grades though...
Anyway!
I'm so happy, I don't even care about it!
On the other side, I'm not absolutely free.
I still have my Ｆrench classes.
Nevertheless, I don't feel sad about it, I finally feel I'm improving, little by little, step by step, but I certainly do.
I'm always complaining about my Ｅnglish, but at this moment, I wishedmy french were as good as my Ｅnglish.
It's not too much, but at least it's something significant.
I know I need to practice as much as I can, but I'm so shy!
I don't feel comfortable writing over here things without sense.
However, 30 minutes ago、I wrote my really first entry in Ｆrench.
I hope anyone corrects me in the same way you guys do it right here.
Well!
I'm tired and I need to sleep.
These have been hard days!
See you later!
Noel Pointer, Benoit Pimont!
These days, I've been feeling frustrated because I can't add these two guys to my music library.
Pointer's music is something I would like to have for my father (he asked me to search for it for him).
On the other hand, Benoit Pimont is a French musician I've been looking for for years!
I finally found a French website where I can listen to his entire discography, but I cannot download anything.
I would love to buy Pimont's CDs, but I think it's going to be impossible for me to get my hands on them.
However, there's a chance I could ask a "mix up" store to buy them for me.
It'd be expensive...
Does anyone have music by these musicians?
Haha 
issue
By the way, I need help with the meaning of the following word.
I have two examples, but I don´t know if they are correct:
ISSUE
That´s the issue.
We can talk about another issue!!
Thanks!!
Question
I struggle to understand this:
I want to visit a friend at his house.
When I get there, can I say:
I was wondering if you ARE here, or,
I was wondering if you WERE here.
or maybe the tense of the second sentence does not metter?
Thanks!!
HOLA AMIGOS
Esto les ayudará a todos aquellos que les interese aprender y practicar su español.
Es sobre la conjugación del verbo SER en forma simple, subjuntivo y compuesta.
Hi guys.
This will help to everyone who is interested  in learning and practicing their spanish.
It´s about the conjugation of the verb BE in simple form, subjunctive and compound form.
Check the next entrie.
EXAM :()
Hi guys, how are you?
I´m so nervious because I´m going to take an english exam today (TOIEC).
It´s going to take 3 hours.
My classmates told me that it is a little difficult, and you have to concentrate because you are played the listening part only once :(.
I need to listen to an English conversation at least 2 times.
First, you have to read the questions of the exersice, then, you need to listen to the conversation, and finally, you have to answer the questions, but sometimes you don´t fully understand what the people have said, especially when they speak so fast.
First, you have to read the questions for the exercise, then, you need to listen to the conversation, and finally, you have to answer the questions, but sometimes you don´t understand well what people say, especially when they speak so fast
I wish I didn´t have to take this exam, but I must .
Wish me luck (or whatever you say, I don´t know if this is correct).
See you!!
George!!
QUESTION
Hi guys.
In my english classes I studied the present unreal conditional, and my teachers told me that in the verb to be, we have to use WERE for all the persons, for example:
If she WERE rich, she could travel more.
If I WERE you, I would talk to her.
but sometimes, when I see movies, I hear people using WAS instead of WERE.
Is it correct?
Is that a kind of informal english?
THANKS!!
This is my homework that I did yesterday
When I was a child, I didn´t have a lot of friends.
I used to waste my time watching cartoons and playing video games. Sometimes I felt so lonely.
Now that I have finished my degree, I have a lot of friends.
I really enjoy spending time and going out with them in my free time.
I believe that everybody is able to make friends, but we must be ourselves and not embellish our own personality.
I think this is a good advice for anyone.
See you!!
George!!
Something about myself
My name is Jorge.
I was born in Mexico. You can combine these two sentences "I'm 23 years old and I was born in Mexico."
I´m 23 years old.
I´m interested in writing in this website because I really want to improve my english.
I´m interested in writing on this website because I really want to improve my English.
I have been studying it for several months but I think that I need more practice, especially with my writing and pronunciation.
I have been studying it for several months but I think that I need more practice, especially with my writing and pronunciation.
I´d also like to help other people who want to learn Spanish. muy bien!
I think that´s all for now.
I will be writing more in the next few days so you can correct any of my mistakes. Tambien "I'll write some more in a few days. If you find any mistakes, please feel free to correct them."
I´m really looking forward to this.
I had been looking for a website like this for a long time, and I finally found it.
I had been looking for a website like this for a long time and I am glad that I have finally found one.
Thanks a lot.
George!!
Looking for spanish learnings and friends!!
Hi guys, how are you?
I just want to say that if you are learning spanish, I´d like to help you.
I´m from Mexico and I have studied english for several months.
I need some help with my english too.
Have a good day!!
Anything at All
I love this song by Andrew Rose Gregory, but I don't really know what it's about since the lyrics have not been transcribed on the internet.
There are things I don't understand when I listen the song. There are some other things I don't really know if I am understanding correctly.
So, I've tried to write down the parts that I do understand, and if you could help me a little bit with some verses or even just a sentence or a word I would appreciate it very much <3
I figure that you're OK
living your life the way
that you thought that it should be 
easier and free
you thought that it should be.
From the bus to the train
sleeping out in the rain
you don't need anything at all, anything at all,
anything at all.
You left the city and said
that you liked how we held each other
highly in regard
gently in our arms
highly in regard
When I came out to you
highly in regard
highly in regard
¿-?
wrapped around around you tighter
Did we want anything at all, anything at all, anything at all?
Anything at all, you said:
“Please, don't write those love songs just for me.
Life is gonna fly right before our eyes
So now is the time for living free.”
Now I've tried to forget
all the straps on your dress
how they wrapped around you tightly
wrapped around you tightly
wrapped around you tighter
than my arms ever could
when we danced on the hardwood
you whispered in my ear,
whispered all your fears
and I told you: “dear, anything at all, that you need
all you would have to say is: please.
Life is gonna fly right before our eyes
so, now is the time that we can be.”
An unexpected moment I still laugh,
when I recall that crooked smile you turned when we danced.
So, you keep your heart
I would just need a part of it.
anything at all, anything at all, anything at all.
You could call late at night
if you needed something right away
anything at all, anything at all.
anything at all,
I just need to hear you whisper: 'please'.
Life is gonna fly right before our eyes
So, right now can we be?
Can we be anything all?
'Cuz I just need to hear you whisper: please,
life's gonna fly right before our eyes
so, right now can we be?
Thank you very much!
Summer cleaning
The first thing I did when I arrived at my mother's in July was to start throwing away all my things .
I found the room I grew up in full of stuff from all the different stages and mes of my life. It was all an unbearable mess of childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood.
I found the room I grew up in full of stuff, from all the different stages of my life, that reminded me of the unbearable mess my childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood had been.
I felt those things didn't belong to me anymore, so I started an intensive process of cleaning that took me several weeks.
The idea was to save only the essentials...
I don't have a problem with getting rid of things. It's easy for me; I'm not one of those nostalgic people that like keeping everything in boxes. I like throwing things way.
I don't have a problem with getting rid of things. It's easy for me; I'm not one of those nostalgic people that likes keeping everything in boxes. I like throwing things way.
It turned out I filled a whole plastic garbage bag with all the plushes I had, which is curious since I have always hated plushes.
I guess people kept giving them to me because I have a vagina and so I'm supposed to like the cheesiest things.
My mother is now washing them and I think she plans on giving them out among the children in the neighborhood or something.
Poor, well-intentioned woman from a far far generation. I think they would prefer my old cell phones.
Poor, well-intentioned woman from a far, far generation... I think they would prefer my old cell phones.
The most important innovation of the century
One of the most important innovations of the century is the computer, the benefit to society.
First, many people can be informed thanks to the web.
Second, we can communicate with other people through messenger, Skype, Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Third, the facility of things, now we can do everything with the computer, like buy, sell, publish, etc.
In sum, we can say that one of the most important innovations of the century is the computer.
Desert Tundra
Desert tundra is located on the arctic edges of North America, Asia and Europe.
Because of freezing temperatures, plants do not have a good environment to grow well.
In addition, when the time comes that the temperature increases, the ice melts and generates a lot of water that make almost impossible the growth of the plants.
Please, Can somebody correct it?
The problems for choose the type of goverment in America started later of the Revolutionary War; when instead of a colony; America was a new young country.
There were opinions trying to decide if a Strong federal goverment would be better or a weak central goverment.
However, there was a lot of war veterans who preferred a strong central goverment; in that way can became a powerful political force and have back pay from goverment for their efforts on war.
Also, some soldiers wanted a strong federal goverment because they believed than they could save their money to theirselves.
December 31 in Venezuela
December 31 is well-known as the "new year": in Venezuela it is tradition to celebrate it with the whole family and have a big meal.
Usually, Venezuelan people cook a big chicken with rice and vegetables inside, and share a big salad .
Also, it is common for them to buy new clothes to wear (some people buy yellow clothes because it means "good luck").
Also, they make a big doll with old clothes and fireworks inside.
First, they meet at the house and start talking, dancing, drinking and, playing (especially kids, with small fireworks) then later, before 12 a.m. they take the doll and light it on fire; it is their way of saying "bye" to the "old year".
When it is 20 minutes before 12 a.m. all they get together and eat 12 grapes (For each grape they ask a wish) and at the last minute they play a song and count the grapes until the new year comes.
Finally, everybody goes outside and watches the beautiful fireworks all morning.
just  words
I´m waiting for my friend.
She´s coming in few minutes.
We haven´t got any plans.
Maybe we will just chat or watch a movie.
I think that she wants to eat a burger, but I'm sure that we will eat something.
Hello
Hi, my name is Dario.
I can listen to music ?
I can talk in English?
I can speak English?
Hello
Hi , may name is Dario.......Hi, my name is Dario.
I can to music ? I can to play music.
I can talking in english? Can I speak English in the future?
My family 
Hi 
My name is Santos and  I'm from Mexico.
I have a wife and two daughters.
Their names are Dalay,Lupita and my wife's name is Perla.
I'm expecting another baby soon because my wife is pregnant.
I think the baby is due in August.
Goodbye!
My daugther
Hi
I want to talk about my daugther.
she has black eyes and short straight hair.
She was born ten months ago.
I will talk more about her later.
Goodbye
here you are
Here you are.
During these weeks i really didnt know anything about you.
I think that maybe it is better to be separate for some time.
During these past few weeks i was thinking aboutyou a lot. I was also thinking about what happened with us, our mistakes and why we arrived at this situation.
I hope that these past weeks were also useful for you .
Day to day i was wondering if you were thinking of me as i was thinking of you.
So i think that we have a lot of things to tell each other; I would like you to go with me soon to drink something nearby...
Love story
Today is a special day. I dont know why, but i'm sure of that.
Now i'm in my car driving from my house to my office.
I am 32 years old, and I like my current job.I work for a company , a big company.I feel confortable, andI have a decente salary.
But the point is that I dont know why I have strange feelings about this day.
Maybe the reason is that todayI am thinking of Lisa all the day.
I remember the first dayI saw her.It was in a shoping center.WhenI arrivedat thestore, she had bought a lot of things there.Then we started to talk.
NowI think she is the most beatiful girl thatI know.Since that dayI am always thinking about her.
I saw Lisa 4 more times, but the last was really amazing.First we went to have dinner at an incredible restaurant.We had been there for about 3 hours, but for me was 5 minutes.
That day I had been waiting for 30 minutes in the restaurant when she appeard with her red skirt ....
to be continued
LONG WAITLong Wait
Long Wait
I AM  HERE WAITING A LONG TIME A BUS BUT ITS DOESNT APPEAR IHAVE TO GO TO WORK AND IS TOO LATE BEFORE I ARRIVED HEREIVE BEEN WAITING UNDER THE RAIN FOR HOURS MY FRIEND I have been stood here waiting a long time for a bus, but it hasn't appeared, and I have to go to work. I've been waiting in the rain for hours!
I have been waiting a long time for a bus, but it hasn't appeared. I have to go to work., and it is too late. Before I arrived here I had been waiting in the rain for hours.
FACEBOOK
I think that women use social networking tools for different reasons than men .
Women like to use Facebook, for example, to share items from their personal lives.
They like to talk about their friends, family, dates, they also like to share information about sales and things related to shopping.
They like to talk about their friends, family, dates, and they also like to share information about sales and things related to shopping.
They also like to show pictures of their family and friends. On the other hand men use Facebook for other reasons, for example to search for information or things related to business.
They also like to show pictures of their family and friends On the other hand, men use Facebook for other reasons such as searching for information or things related to business.
I think that Facebook is very useful.
On Facebook you can share information with your contacts and you can develop an active social life.
A love story
Today is a special day, I dont know why, but i'm sure of that.
Now I'm in my car driving from my house to my office.
I am 32 years old and I like my current job, I work for a company, a big company, and I feel confortable and I have a decent salary.
But the point is that I dont know why I have a strange feeling about this day.
Maybe, the reason is that today I am thinking of Lisa all day.
I remember the first day I saw her. It was in a shopping center, when I arrived at a store she had bought a lot of things there, then we started to talk.
Now i think she is the most beautiful girl that i know. Since that day i am always thinking about her.
I saw Lisa 4 more times, but the last was really amazing. First we went to have dinner at an incredible restaurant. We were there for about 3 hours, but for me it was like 5 minutes.
That day i waited for 30 minutes in the restaurant when she had appeared in her red skirt ....
to be continued
New York, New Nork
I have been in new york this last year, and I think that it is the most beatifull city in the world because when you are walking across the city you can see differents things, feel differents sensations, and really have exciting moments all of the time.
New York is very impressive. I know other cities in the world, and let me say that NY is really a great and fantastic city. It has culture, restaurants, museum buildings, and central park. When I walked in the city I really felt amazing.
LEARN A LANGUAGE
You don’t need to live in another country to learn a language.
You can learn a language to fluency in your own country if you want to. 
We have a great deal of tools to help us learn languages that don't require that we live in another country.
In my country, for example, you can start to learn English at a young age in English schools, and then you can continue studying at different institutes, by yourself, online, using audio materials, videos, books, audio books, etc.
Studying like this, I think that you might be able to understand some grammar points even better than many natives.
However, it would be very difficult for you to acquire a native accent via this method.
I think that you will be able to write and understand a foreign language perfectly; moreover, you will also be able to speak the foreign language clearly and fluidly. In English, we use "fluently" usually to mean perfectly- no errors, 100% accuracy. However, it seems that most Spanish speakers use the term to mean speaking in a smooth and fluid manner. I assume that's what you meant here.
If you want to learn the slang of a language, you can study books about slang.
FACEBOOK II
We don't live alone, we live in a society and Facebook is a great social networking.
If you have many friends or if you have a big family you can use Facebook regularly.
In my opinion social networks have a lot of advantages.
You can use those tools for work and to socialize.
On the internet you can obtain a lot of information, and you can also take all the advantages that social networking provides.
In my case I use msn and Hotmail regulalry.
I can talk during the day with a lot of people, and I can talk at the same time.
When you need information and when you need someone to tell you something you can use these tools.
In my case, a great advantage is being able to see that information written down because you can analyze all that writing and then answer it.
The most important thing in my opinion is that you can do several things in real time.
If you use all these tools properly and carefully you shouldn't have a problem.
But if not, your privacy may be affected.
crazy world
I have a friend whotold me that for him this is a crazy world.
He thinks that everything is wrong. People walk across the street nervous. Most of them are angry all the time for no reasonPeople who ha have money want to earn too much money, and people who don't, complain all the time.
But is important not to be dissapointed. Maybe this world could be worst than it's now.
A film
Last night I saw a film.
It was about a person who had a lot of friends.
He was always thinking he could change some things in the world.
He was always thinking he could change certain things in our world.
He had a nice family.
His two kids loved him very much.
So nobody could undestand why he wanted to change some things .
So nobody could understand why he was trying to change things .
His friends tried  to convince him that he has a happy life and they wanted to know why he wasn't satisfied with his life.
His friends tried to convince him, he had a happy life, and to find out why he wasn't satisfied with his life?.
It's actually a very good film and I enjoyed, but I have to see the continuation.
It was actually a very good film and I enjoyed it, and really must see the sequal.
It's actually a very good film. I enjoyed it. But now I have to see the sequel because I don't know what things in the world he wants to change.
Because i don't know what things he wants to change.
Studying English
Now that I'm studying English, I'm using several methods, for example listening on the internet.
I am seeing dvds in english with and without subtitles, and I think that is a good way to learn. I need to improve my grammar, so I am on this site to see if I can improve my English step by step. In order to do that I need somebody to help me. I will help those who help me by helping them with their Spanish, which is my native language. Thanks all.
A different world
Someone told me that under the asphalt exists  a different world.
That world doesn't seemlike any world that anyone could imagine.
It is a world with different countries, each country has a different colour.
For example in the Blue country he told me that years ago the President gave all the children all the toys that they wanted.
All children were happy in that world.
One day a child who was ten years old opened a block and went up to the real world.
For a long time he was looking as people walked from one place to another quickly.
Of course it was our world.
Who of us doesn't walk from one place to another without knowing why?
Love story II
Now I'm arriving at my office.
This day i have strange feelings, Iam happy and and at the same time I am worried.
Maybe it is because I am thinking of Lisa.
Actually I am a dream, the real thing is that today i have to work a lot and my boss isn't in a good mood
If i had a lot of money I would travel with Lisa arround the world but the truth is that is i dreamed all day, i would be fire.
So is better for me to be concentrate and stop thinking about abstract things.
As soon as I arrived to my office I had noticed that my best client were waiting for me.
Sorry, i didn't tell you that i am a busy person.
Actually my boss don't think the same,he thinks that i have to work much and more time.
Does he know that if he continues to put pressure on me maybe i quit?...
to be continued...
Always the Truth
Newspapers don't ever print the truth.
Last month while I was reading a newspaper I saw an article that said some things about a person.
But that person is a friend of mine and he told me that the article wasn't true.
And my friend always tells the truth.
The fact is another newspaper the next day printed an article about my friend but in this case, all that was published was true.
This means that the first newspaper didn't tell us the truth.
So we need to always tell the truth. This is true, isn't it?
A travel
When I arrived in London I took a taxi from the airport to the hotel.
First we went to a restaurant and there we had a good time.
The food was wonderful and the people were very friendly.
When we arrived at the restaurant we asked if they had a free table for us.
Then we went to see a play in  a theatre.
It was  amazing and  there we could drink something.
Before the play started we had met a friend of oursthere.
After the play we went with our friend to a club, we had a good time, if we had more time we would have stayed there longer.
Finally we returned to the hotel.
We enjoyed London; it is an exciting city. During the rest of the trip we had time to visit several other places.
Traveling around the world is fascinating, isn't it?
English and a happy weekend
Today is Wednesday, April 28, 2010.
I am going to write some paragraphs in English.
Maybe you can correct my mistakes.
I hope to not make a lot of mistakes.
I am using a program called Microsoft Word and it is a good program for writing in English.
That program corrects a lot of mistakes (but I don't know all the mistakes).
Last Sunday my children came to visit me.
That day was happy for everybody.
We all played football together (a little bit of football).
We ate a lot of delicious meals, too.
The weather was wonderful and it was sunny.
I really like it when the weather is nice.
Next weekend my children are going to visit me again.
They were born on May 4.
We are going to play again and we are going to eat food, too.
After that we can watch a movie for young people.
LIES
I think that in our society it is common to lie several times.
Especially in business and in social meetings. This is one sentence of thought: I think that in our society it is common to lie severl times, especially in business and in social meetings.
People always try to be polite and in my opinion they like to pretend a lot of things are true.
The people always try to be polite, and in my opinion they like to pretend a lot of things.
I mean that people in general try to get along with the others, and they like to be well thought of.
Therefore, it is common to see that people lie in a lot of situations.
For example 'your dress is beautiful', 'the color combination of your shoes and sweater are dazzling' or 'your hair cut is magnificent'; these are examples of lies used when you try to look good for your own conveniences.
For example your dress is beautiful, the color of your shoes compliment nicely with your sweater, your hair cut is magnificent. These are lies for your own convenience of looking good.
Another example could be:
For example:
If you buy this car you will feel more important.
Other Days
Here in my city there are a lot of buildings, and there are also a lot of museums and parks. Our problem is that in other years you could walk across the streets free, without problems. Now, at this time, it is imposible because of security problems.
I mean that now I usually hear all of the time that my friend or any member of my family had a problem.
Maybe the drugs or the insufficient money make people more violent and more dangerous.
Something is not good here. We have to do something.
Good impression
I have the impresision that I always give a good impression.
And maybe that is because it happened to me a lot of times.
I mean that I used in my life that when I met a person, that person said that he or she had a good impression of me.
Looking for a Good Job
I would like to improve my English skills for get a better job so i need to practice all the topics but my problems is my fluency, if anyone have a good advice please tell me :)
Sunday
I keep saying the same things in each post.
That isn't good for learning.
I was trying to translate a Spanish post but...
that isn't good either.
I also tried to write about my day but it was kind of boring, the only funny thing was that I fell down while I was skating and now the street marks are on my ass.
Literally, the street does not have regular pavement I don't know how I should say it...
but there are strips or lines and they also left bruise with its shape [i don't want to say again where those marks are] ...
but there are strips or lines and they also left a bruise with their shape [i don't want to say again where those marks are] ...
It's a mess.
So I was in pain in the middle of the street ...
it actually sounds funnier when I try to explain it ^^
why was I in the middle of the street?
Every Sunday, the normal circulation of a few downtown streets are closed, so people could run, ride a bike, or use a skateboard or rollerblades.
Every Sunday, the normal circulation of a few downtown streets is closed, so people can run, ride their bikes, use skateboards or rollerblade. To rollerblade is also used as a verb.
It's nice to see so many people being active in the most beautiful streets of the city- I love it!.
The point is that I'm looking forward to talking about other things and practicing a few words.
Maybe I'll write about history like Floury does.
Maybe I'll write a story like Floury does.
I haven't decided on that yet.
Note
It isn't the way you look, but the way you write that made me fall in love.
Not with you, just...
in love.
Vessel
I'll spend the next few weeks on board the "Justo Sierra" vessel carrying out some geophysical research and learning.
I'm sure it's going to be a terrific experience.
The bad thing is, I haven't learned the vessel's parts in English yet.
The bad thing is, I haven't learned the names of the vessel's parts in English yet.
I need to study!
Asian Dramas
i have to tell you guys hehe!
i love asian dramas ...
Mostly J-dramas and K-dramas.
i have always loved japanese culture; i remember when i started watching anime ...
the first one i saw was sailor moon.
but now i love koreans too hhehe their dramas are the best but theres one thing i don't understand, why in kdramas and jdramas in all the shows do they have just one only have one kiss wth!?
hahaha i always ask myself that.
I want to learn more English
Hello everyone.
I'm still studying English, and I'd like to improve my knowledge with some techniques or activities, that's why I would like if some of you could share with me any experiences that have helped to improve your English.
My principal problem is that I still think in Spanish and after I traslate it into English.
What can I do to Improve this Problem?
Thanks for your coments
Regards
Hi,
Iam a Spanish teacher, nice to meet you!
Today i have audit
Hi friends i'd like to talk my tense day, today is my audit and very people of diferents positions will come to talk with me, they ask me about my job and the quality of this also they ask me how i protect the enviroment in my work and as i protect myself of the dangers in the area.
wishme good luck, i need much hehe.
My new cellphone
I'd like to change my cellphone for another one. Actually smartphones are new and I would like to buy one with O.
S.
Android by google. These phones are the best in technology and have wifi, gps, 3g connection and more. I'm really interested in that. Also I like cameras with high resolution and a good flash light. I really take a lot of photos everywhere I go.
Well that's all for the moment but if someone has one of these phones then please tell me your experience with it.
Have a good day!
Meso-America 
Beginning this semester, I was so bored because having to learn about mesoamerican and specially Maya architecture at History class,
I don't really like any sort of history and the only architecture I was interested in is the Asian one.
but these weeks have passed and I've have been becoming fascinated by pre columbian culture, 
is really  nice the way they built their cities and those large pyramids of rock without big animals like horses; the advanced astronomy, techniques of construction and social order is incredible for a society from that age...
I'm starting to believe in that they received help and knowledge from other world, 
yes I mean that, aliens, and more after watching some episodes of a tv show called "ancestral aliens" at History Channel 
hehehe its really nice how that channel washes the brain of people,
but seriously...
wow I need to see and touch those temples by myself.
TOEFL Test
Last friday I take the TOEFL test.
I think I did it very well but it was a little difficult, this because during the oral part I was a bit nervous.
It take me 3 hours and 30 minutes to finish it.
The day before the TOEFL Test I also presented an english examination for an application for a new work, they said i passed the first filter i hope they call me this week for another interview and another technical english exam.
Have you ever presented the TOEFL test, how was it?
Yesterday's Soccer Match
Yesterday, Mexico played at the Sub-17 World Cup versus Germany for the final pass.
The match was very tough, both teams played with all their heart.
At first Mexico scored goal by the 3 minute but seven minutes later Germany reach the draw.
The first time finished with this scoreboard 1-1.
At the begging of the second part Germany scored the second one and it began to be more tough in his defense.
But the Mexican boys don't get affraid of that and continued fighting for the draw.
In a corner the reward was obtained.
An "Olympic Goal" was scored but one mexican got hurt during the process.
The guy needed medical attention to continue playing, there was no more changes avaible.
He was attended and then continue playing.
At the last minutes of the match this same guy scored a fantastic goal made by "chilena".
It was a very exciting game, hope Mexico win the Cup.
Do you like Soccer?
Today
Today I went to Coacalco, here in the Estado de Mexico to visit the family.
My niece graduated from kindergarten (Prescholar School).
It was very nice because she did a performance with her classmates.
Also she was awarded for her excellent discipline and punctuality.
After that all of us went to a Chinese Food restaurant.
I really like Chinese food because I can eat a lot without and not pay that much money.
The restaurant was very clean, the food was delicious and also they played Chinese music in the background, a very nice place.
Rain
In my country, there is a phrase that goes, "I like to see rain and don't get wet".
This phrase is very interesting because it involves many things, I think.
Rain brings life to plants and the entire planet. By the way, the sound of the falling rain is also very relaxing; I like to hear it and sometimes sit in front of my window to watch the rain fall.
If it's raining when I go to sleep, I sleep better, because the sound is like a lullaby.
So, Do you like rain?
My experience at Campus Party 3
This is a little resume about my experience at Campus Party, if you like to read more about it (in spanish) you'll like to visit my blog -> http://tochoude.blogspot.com
The Campus Party Mexico 3, CPMX3 for easy writting, was a technology event which take part in Mexico City at Santa fé from 18/07 to 24/07.
In this event you can stay at the place camping at the designed area or sleeping in front of your PC, all the day at any hour events take part, also there were a lot of Conferences and Workshops.
Also a lot of importan people come here to talk about many things, there were Al Gore, Akira Yamaoka, Neil Herbisson and many other people of many subjects like: internet, networks, games, videogames, music, robotics, astronomy, hardware, digital culture, etc.
I really like it a lot, meet new friends and learn a lot of my favorite subjects.
These days
I've been busy these days thinking about many things.
First of all, I am continuing my job search.
I had a few interviews this week but none of them is fully confirmed.
Maybe I'll have an oportunity of going to another place here in Mexico.
Today I sent more curriculums.
I think that I will stop searching for full-time jobs and become a freelance or a part-time engineer.
This is only for getting money to continue studying on the fields I like.
I don't remember if I told you about my TOEFL results; I got 92pts on TOEFL iBT that is equivalent to 580 pts on normal TOEFL.
It was fair in writting and speaking, so I really need to improve this, maybe see you more often here!
City of chaos
(I was being a little bit dramatic with the title, I'm sorry.)
Merida city was in chaos last weekend. I don't like to talk about politics because I don't know much about it, but it was all because of that.
Bus drivers (public transportation drivers) made a one-day strike because gas prices increase every month, but, as I wrote before, I'm not going to talk about that in detail.
Anyway, there were n buses in the city, that caused a lot of trouble for citizens. For instance, people who have to go to school on Saturdays, didn't go, and exams had to be posponed.
We had an event on Sunday for the Korean 'March 1st movement' so we were going to help on the preparations on Saturday, but half of the people couldn't go.
I think this is why we shouldn't have buses as 'the main public transportation', but we can't do anything about it.
Have you ever heard about 'tricitaxis' or 'mototaxis'?
I think they are good transportation. They're cheap and don't increase air pollution as a taxi or a bus. But to be honest, I've never tried them. I think I should do it, though.
It's cold in here (?)
I've always said that we, Meridians, are wimps about cold weather. For example, now, Merida is 23°C, which is a normal temperature for other people, but for me and other Meridians, it's getting cold. We tend to exaggerate things.
I'm thinking about putting on my socks and getting under my blanket.
My nose is cold, my feet too...
Bye guys, thanks for your help
Desperate situation
Asia celebrates Lunar New Year's day, 
Latin America is celebrating Carnival's week,
Everyone is celebrating something, everyone but me,
i don't feel like dancing and, less, getting a suntan this year.
i have a lot going on on my head, a lot of homework,
plus i have to work tomorrow, well, today, ferbruary 15th, 
and i don`t wanna go, I'm so concerned about my homework,
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
My first journal this month
My first March's journal
Today my teacher gave an ultimatum, i have to give her my homework tonight or i'm probably going to fail the first unit this semester, of course i have to do it, but yet I'm here, writing, but I've already decided what i'm going to do: 
I'm going to take a shower, a quick shower, and then I'm going to finish my homework.
Hello people, please help me!
Not so great weather
It's almost 3 pm and i already feel like it's the end of the day, i think it's because the weather, it's sunny and sultry.
I don't want to do anything at all, I just want to come back home and sleep, and just keep sleeping, but I have a little problem, my room is facing the east, so all the afternoon sun before sunset, my "room" warms up, I hate it, Cause i don't like the heat. I can't even take a nap on an hamaca because I will sweat like a pig.
I think this weather is not good at all  for  water because we tend to use it more, we even take more showers.
With homework and doing something else
I've been very lazy the last two weeks, i've been lazier than ever, i have not done my homework yet, i have to give my homework to the teacher in about 8 hours.
So, i've already planned something, right now i'm gonna take a nap, because i need it, i really  need it, and then i promise i'm gonna do my homework, and i'm gonna do my best....
kkk 
It's raining, not men.
It is almost 4:30 pm and I haven't done my housework yet. It's been a very hot day, and I don't feel like doing anything. I was thinking about jumping into the pool, but I have to wash and fill it first, and that is going to take some time.
What else can I do?
Uhh, it's raining!
I'm gonna dance in the rain, yes, that's what I'm going to do.
If I get a cold, I'm going to tell you first.
Thanks for reading and correcting.
See you, guys!
Again?
I tend to be shy when I'm around foreigners.
Two weeks ago, I saw some Americans at the dentist's office, but I didn't dare talk to them.
I have had the chance to talk both English and Korean recently, but I didn't take advantage of these opportunities.
My Korean is poor, so I'm very shy about using it with Koreans.
xP 
This last Sunday a Korean couple came to the school, and the only two things I said were 안녕하세요 and 안녕히계세요, but nothing else and just when I left the school I started to regret it.
I should start to write in Korean.
I haven't written anything using just Korean.
See you!!!
Studying hard!
I have a goal. Well, it's not exactly a goal, it's just somethingI want to do, I'm going to try my best to improve my English and practice a lot here. I'm planning to write something at least four times a week.
I have a goal, well, it's not exactly a goal, it's just a something I want to do. I'm gonna try my best to improve my English and practice a lot here. I'm planning to write a journal at least 4 times a week.
TodayI have posted two things; I'm counting these two.
Today I have posted two journals, I'm counting this one too.
WhatI find it hard to use are phrasal verbs, becauseI keep forgetting them, butI promiseI will study hard and use them inalmost every post that I'm going to write.
What I find hard to use are phrasal verbs, because I keep forgetting them, but I promise I will study hard and use them in almost every post that I'm going to write.
Celebratin?! Morpheus?
It's 12:32am and I can't sleep, what should i do?
I was thinking about reopening my blogspot account, but I can't decide what I should write about to make it interesting.
That's why I'm not going to do that now.
[Wow, a fire truck is passing right now, I hope nothing serious has happened.
Uhh.
I've got a question, why do Mexicans and non-Mexicans living in USA celebrate "Cinco de mayo" if we, Mexicans who live in Mexico, don't celebrate it at all. Some companies  don't have work that day, even schools give the students one day of vacation.
Oh, this journal entry is a little bit short, but I can't think anything right now. I do wantto use an expression about what I'm feeling, but I don't know how to say it in English, so I'm going to translate "Estoy cayendo en los brazos de Morfeo" in english would be: "I'm falling into the arms of Morpheus."
In Spanish, this means that I'm sleepy.
Amazing women
I'm getting ready for my Korean classes...
I got up late, at 8 o'clock, I didn't even set the alarm, I was thinking to do it before going to bed but when I was there I just fell asleep, I totally forgot it, did it ever happen to you?
My sister woke me up and told me she wasn't going to school because she wasn't feeling good, I think she was just making excuses because she didn't study, like i did.
kkkk
Right now I'm doing a lot of things right now, i'm writing this journal, i'm taking breakfast, i'm watching tv and i'm chatting with my cousin, kkkk.
This reminds me something I read somewhere about how women can do a lot of things and think a lot of things at the same time and men just can't, like when we are driving, we are listening to music, taking a phonecall using a handsfree, of course , sometimes putting our lipsticks on, and being aware of what is going on outside the car.
That's just how amazing we, the women are.
An exciting week
It was about time to write a Journal,
This week is going to be exciting, a lot of things are going to happen.
Today I'm going to go to the David Guetta's concert , it will be great.
Wow
Before that, there's a football match between Mexico and Korea, mmm, it's not Korea that I'm interested in, but Korea DPR, anyway they talk Korean too, kkkkk.
On thursday there will be a baseball match, Lions vs Tigers, and there will be sexy kittens everywhere KKKK. Those are two of the best baseball teams in Mexico, and that will be the first game of the season.
I don't know what else will happen to me today, I can't remember what other events are going to happen.
Anyways, Just have great day, and enjoy your Week.
Today is the day...
After a long wait, today, on the16th of February, I'm going to receive my scholarship, well, just  half of it, but I'm gonna have some extra money, and that's all that matters.
I'm thinking about what I can do with all that money...
I have three options:
1.
invest some of the money in "emprendedores" (emprendedores is a subject in my university, where you have to make a concept to build a company, you have to make the product and sell it)...
My sister is participating in that this semester, so I was thinking that this could generate me some profits..
so my money can multiply.
xP
2.
buy a new laptop, the one that I have is not good enough for me anymore..
I have had it since 2005.
and 
3.
keep it in a bank until I find something to buy...
like a smartphone xP
What should I do?
What do you think?
Spring break
Today has been a productive day, early in the morning while i was riding the exercise bicycle I watched an episode of "You're Beautiful" and I cried because of Shi Woo, I love him, how Mi Nam can't see he loves her I know it's silly to cry but I did.
°-°
I realized that it was late, so I took a shower the quickest way I could and I ate my breakfast in the car.
I had to go to the school because I need the signature of a teacher to finish my social service, but when I was there the teacher's assistant told me that the teacher wasn't there and he wouldn't be in Merida until next Monday.
I was in shock, I needed his signature by tomorrow.
Right now I am (recovered from the shock) working at my Internship doing some work that my dad gave me, he need it, and at the same time I'm doing some homework for tomorrow morning. I won't go to school tomorrow, but I still have to do it, my team is going to give it to the teacher.
P.
S.
Mexico's Spring break will begin tomorrow.
Thanks for reading!
^^
I can't go because...
I'm a little disappointed.
I was going to take english classes again after a very long time.
This monday was the first class but I couldn't go, my dad told me he's having money issues, so he couldn't affort the classes.
I wasn't the only one who was going to go, my little sister too.
Although, I don't think she's disappointed at all, she doesn't like to study languages, she barely speaks spanish, no, just kidding.
I hope I can review what I already know and learn more things with your help.
My heart beating
My heart is beating too fast right now. I was on my bed, using my laptop when I fell asleep.
I think, though I'm not sure, I only slept for about 3 minutes, because of my neighbor.
She has a VW sedan and has the habit of honking twice when she arrives so her son will open the door for her.
My room is right infront of the door to her house so I woke up with a start.
Right now, I really don't like my neighbor..
Just paperwok!
Today I didn't go to the place i'm doing my internship, instead, i'm in the place i'm "doing" my social service.
I'm out practicly all day long.
Well, not at all, today is the last day of my social service and i didn't even attend the 480 hours that it supposed to last.
Why do we have to do social service?
ahh, i've remembered why, to return all the favors the country have done for me, i don't know if is mandatory in any other country, but here in Mexico, all the people who study in a public or federal university have to do it.
And i found it extremely boring and it's just paperwork.
Right now, i'm just listen ss501 music and checking my email account.
dizzy because a vocho
I've decided not to go the the school today, but instead I'm gonna finish my homework and send it to the teacher by email.
No, no, I know is not a good idea, but I can always say that my car didn't work, and everybody should understand..
I have a Volkswagon Vacho. It's a 2002 model (or 2001). I love my car, but sometimes it make me dizzy because it does move and shake a lot.
Hurry up!!!
I wanted to write an entry about last week's trip, but I have to go to the bank.
I was supposed to pay the cell phone bill on the 19th, but I forgot it.
Now, I have to hurry up before the cell phone company charges me for my delay payment.
Anyway, I will write about the trip later...
Thanks guys..
I am studing English 
hi!
I am amanda ^^ I am from Peru and I am 14 years old.
and...
I have been studying english for a long time
I know my english is not good, but nothing is perfect. 
but I can read and understand some 
but in the last couple of times.  Esta frase se traduce a "las ultimas ocasiones"  Pero si quieres decir, Ultimamente, puedes decir: Lately,... 
I cannot remember my English
but I want to speak and understand again!
ok.
its all for today
bye 
hi
hi friends i backHi friends, I'm back!
I'm sorry but I did not have internet access
because the network is very bad.
Anyways....
the first photo is palacio de gobierno in chritsmasThe first photo is of the governor's palace at Christmas.
i go in chritmas with my moon one day behind of christmas I went there with my mom the day after Christmas.
the 2 photo is plaza sam martin i like the ilumination The second photo is of the Plaza de San Martin. I really like the lighting!
in the dark and night is pretty :DIt's so pretty at night in the dark! :D
the past december 31th this my birthday This past December 31st was my birthday.
i wanna felicitations for me x) I hope many people will wish me a happy birthday! XD
Andinas Potatos ジャガイモ  "アンディナス "
hi!
I present to you the andinas potatos 
a few days ago I saw a report of this product
the andinas potatos' characteristic is that the center has a purple color
Can you see potatoes in this product?
because that is the color of the peruvian potatos
today I bought some and I liked them so much!!
delicious!!
I am very happy !
July 27th and 28th are Peru's National Days.
is the peruvian celebration 
I had fun in those days.
I celebrated with all my family and some friends.
and some friends.
Only a short time ago, soldiers always marched in front of The Cathedral of Lima.
the principal lima catedral 
This year, the event was cancelled because of the Swine influenza outbreak.
with the new influence ='(
I like to see soldiers marching.
P.S. The label in the picture says : "Wherever you are, celebrate The Night of the Peruvian Food! July 27th."
bye ^^ 
presentation
good night: my name is jeimmy paola daza, i´m studing language moderns in ECCI university, my goal is to learn to the perfection the idiom english for  have the best relation with people in differents places the world, this is a proposit very important in my life...
this is a small part of my life plan and my aspirations that I hope to carry out.
day
hi, I feel sad, english is a bit difficult,I cost believe that words has some meaning
My japanese level is still soo low, so i will translate it on english so you can understand better what im trying to say.
I'm sorry for writting on romaji but my pc cant use any kana or kanji.
Here is what i wanna meant:
Hello everyone
im David, 27 years old from spain.
I was born on spain but when i was a kid i have also lived on ireland and france, that's why i can talk english and a little french too.
Now, im studiying economics at granada's university, and also working part time
Since i was a child, i have loved arts, music and also writing.
Because of my father, i have been always interested on japanese culture too
About my japanese level, because of living on a lot of countries, i had to study another languanges, but since i have started studiying on the university, im studiying japanese alone, practicising with my father and my japanese friends and next year i will go to waseda university as exchange student.
I think you can check my japanese level on this letter.
well thats all, thanks for reading, and for your corrections, i hope you can help me, see ya!
test
Just testing this :D
Going to the park
It is 2:00 am in Argentina.
I'm thinking about going over to the park nearby with a couple friends.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea (because of the hour), but maybe I'll give it a try. 
Stay up all night
Well, it looks like I won't be getting any sleep tonight.
I cannot sleep well...
tomorrow might be a very, very long day.
I like this website, but sometimes I don't know what to write haha
I'm back! (for the second time)
I promise that this time I'll be here more often!
Sorry >.<
I've been off this website because I was studying a lot to get my degree.
I need some months more and hopefully everything will be done.
A short night
Tonight I went out with a friend and his girlfriend.
We went to a show, but it was going to start too late, so we left.Gig is used when you are the one doing the performance.
Before leaving, we ate a pizza and drank some beer. If you were sharing a beer then 'a' would be the correct word.
It was quite expensive.
We ended up going here and there at the city centre.
And that was all.
I think I need to go out more haha.
The end is near! :P
Yesterday, I took two exams: one on French, other on English.
I passed the first, but I failed the second.
That's not good.
Even though, I'm happy I finished this year.
I'm almost finishing my career.
Today, I will have a Japanese language exam.
I know the basics, but I'm a little afarid of it >.<
Well, that's all.
Have a good day people ^^
I'm back!
It took me some months, but I'm back .
I hope I'll stick around longer this time and check this more often.
Hi everybody, again ^^
Un pequeño viaje/A Trip
After finishing my university year in the City of Mendoza (Argentina), I had to travel 3000 kms south, to the city of Río Gallegos (also in Argentina).
The trip didn't take long, because I did it by plane and that was pretty confortable.
The only thing that has to be mentioned is that I had to stay all night in Aeroparque Airport (airport for domestic flights, located in Buenos Aires)...
however, the floor was comfortable and I had the chance to eat and drink there ^^
Some days ago, I was in a place that has 38ºC max temperature.
Now, I'm in a place with a maximum of 8ºC or below.
The good thing about it is that I like cold weather and winter (also in summer)
Concert
Today, at 8 p.m., I'm going to give a concert with some friends who play wind instruments.
I play the piano and I kind of accompany them.
We're gonna play in such an important theatre in my city and a lot of people may be listening to us.
That's the reason why I'm so nervous today.
Ned Flanders
Yesterday, I was searching in Google to see how Ned Flanders from The Simpsons speaks in English and finally I found some quotes from different episodes.
I could never imagine that Ned would speak that way but I found it so funny.
wy hispanic people came  to usa (imigrant)
i would like to write a baut , the rezons wy people came  to usa, 
and all  of dificultys the have to pass in ther  jorney like : hangry ,razes,discrimination etc...
I am  from mexico  ,i have  7 years  living  in USA  all this  time the 
pass i learned lot of english but in the biginig was  dificult  four me 
to fit in ths country .
i been met lat of people from diferents part of the world ( salvador, honduras, guatemala,  belice ,japon etc) r
i work whih diferent cultures , is wy  i can  wride abaut  this subjet
the main  rezon wy people  came  tou  USA  is all poverty ,lack of
oportunitys in our countrys and  some people cane  to have  better
future  in here,
mexico is big but meny of my people live whid  less money  then other
because  they not have job.
Pay is very little in  our conutrys
No title
When I saw you again it was really disturbing, but I actually liked it.
Seeing that you hadn't changed much makes me feel like you are kind of pathetic, but a cute, sad and lonely kind of pathetic.
If you knew that I wanted to help you so badly, maybe your silly acttitude to me would change, but I don't think that's gonna happen.
I miss your smile, the way that you called me, all that we left in the past.
Someday I would like to see you get better, see that you finally put the pieces together and you are happy.
I think that's not gonna happen any time soon, but time exists for a reason.
I miss you like as a friend who cooks with me, watches some movie and cries, smokes a cigarette and talks, talks about life or silly things.
The last time I saw you I couldn't hide that I wanted to cry because my confidence has gone.
I hope you find the reason in yourself to keep moving, living and changing for better things, maybe for your soul
Ugh!
I've been trying to post, something here since the day that I signed in...
but the last two times I didn't clik on publish.
So, I won't rewrite it...
for second time.
In few words: As soon as I got my job, I quit.
I only worked for 2 days, and on Monday, I'll receive my money :D!
That's all for now, little lord's creatures.
Cya till the next post.
I need fin my dog.
Ago very time black, i have a dog, a beautiful dog, but this dog scape to Brazil y now can not find it.
HALP.
Help, I need somebody.. Help! D:
Hello everyone, my name is Felipe but my friends call me "Pipe".
Although I'm Chilean/Indonesian, I only speak Spanish.
The reason why I signed up is that I need to drastically improve
my English skills within the next two weeks (I wish I had paid more
attention to it when I was in high school, but at the time I was a
very lazy student and honestly, I never thought I'd need
it again. How ironic! !).
Yes, I know it may sound like an impossible
task, but as they say: "Hope is the last thing you lose".
So here
I am, asking for some help
I've been learning English by myself, mostly through the internet, and
lately I've been reading a book called "Life with The Taylors" that
I found while I was looking through my father's things.
The book is kind
of old; if I'm not mistaken, it was printed in 1960.
The funny thing is that I can only read/write in English but I'm not
able to speak it.
I don't know how I'm going to take that English
oral test :(.
By the way, if you need help improving your Spanish, or learning it,
you can always count on me.
You can find me on facebook, MSN, or just
send me an e-mail at this address: pipe.
gaetan@hotmail.
com
Anyway, any correction pointed out would be very appreciated.
Thanks in advance.
-pipe
chao chau :3!
hmmm... :(
Dang! It's already been a day since I registered and wrote my
first entry, but it seems like no one wants to correct it.
I'm starting to feel kind of disappointed with this website.
I was told Lang-8 was a great tool for learning a new language
because of the supa-fast feedback that you can get from thousands of
native speakers and blah blah...
Oh wait, maybe I'm just overreacting and in reality, there aren't
any mistakes to be corrected (which would be wonderful)! But, since
no one has pointed that out, I really doubt it.
Hasta lueguito!, si es que no dejo esto botado antes.
Help me to learn English!!
Hello,
I would like to learn english; in order to, teach it later on!!!
Thank you, Josh :@
Hi
Hi, my name is Javier.
I'm from Spain and I would like to learn English to talk with other people around the world.
HI
Well i new in this website and i want to introduce myself, my name is Judith, I live in Florida, but I am not an american citizen, i am foreinger,because of that i need and i must to speak, write and hear the best i can english lenguage.
I'm new on this website and I would like to introduce myself. I'm new on this website and I would like to introduce myself. My name is Judith. I live in Florida, but I am not an American citizen. I am foreigner, and because of that I need and I must speak, write and listen the best I can using English in order to improve.
First post in English
Hello Everyone, I have posted here a couple of times before, but just in Japanese, I decided to post now in English because it's been more than 2 years since I made the TOEFL exam, I got 583 points in the ITP version, since then I haven't taken any english classes and have been focusing only on Japanese, I'm pretty bad at it or maybe it's because it's a really different-difficult language to learn?, but I will keep going with it =).
The problem is that I haven't practiced English for a long time and I think I'm losing fluency, if I had to use it someday, I'm pretty insecure mainly on grammar points, I think I have always been bad with grammar =(, the English I write/speak is just because I have got used to it, but when I do exercises where I need to find an "error" it's really difficult for me, almost impossible.
I hope this Journal will keep me aware of the necessity to keep improving my English and to learn more vocabulary, and of course with your help, help me find those errors that I make and that I'm not aware of.
Thank you very much!
My mother tongue is Spanish, so any problem you have with it, I will be there for sure, Adios!
My first writing
My first writing
Hi everyone. This is the first time that I'm writing on this website, and I would like to improve my writing in English. I investigated the web and found this site. I hope that this website will help me with my English.
Hi every one! This is the first time that I have written on this web site. I'd like to improve my writing in English. I investigated on the web and I found this web site. I hope that this web site will help me with my English.
I would like to know how I can use this website and what things can I write. I can write anything that I want. This means I can select some topics to write about. Well, that is all for today. Bye!
I'd like to know how can I use this web site and what things I can write. I've found that I can write any thing that I want or I can select some topic to write about. Well, that is all for today. Bye!
Hello
I need to talk English please
The Health care system in USA
Hello, my question is: How does the Health care system works in USA?.
I work as a nurse in a hospital and I  am very interested in this issue.
For example, in Spain the national insurance system is free for everybody, it is universal.
I have heard that in the United States you must have an inssurance company in order to receive care in hospitals.
Is that true?.
I was told that for example, when you are visiting an american city and you result injured in an accident, you have to pay the bill to the hospital.
What¨s the matter if you are harmed whith a knive if someone is trying to rob you?.
Can they refuse your entrance and not to nurse your wounds?.
(the hospital).
Do someone Knows the changes Obama wants to run regarding this point?
Thank you.
During the holiday season, we are celebrated
During the holiday season, we
December 21 that is the day of the Spirit of the Christmas, where the angel Gabriel celebrates the arrival of Maria.
We celebrate it with by having dinner with friends and family, on this day desires are asked for the prime year and one writes a leaf of the bad things that happened that year and then burns it to eliminate it from our lives.
We celebrate it by having dinner with friends and family, on this day desires are asked for the prime year and one writes a leaf of the bad things that happened that year and then burns it to eliminate it from our lives.
December 24 is the day that God celebrates the Christmas or the birth of Jesus; in the mangers the figure of the child is placed after 12 on that night as sign of birth.
December 28 is the Day of the Santos Inocentes, where jokes all are played. This tradition, according to the Catholic Church, is Pagan - religious celebrates since masses and festivals realize in commemoration of millions of children salted and dried 2009 years ago with the birth of the Messiah.
December 28 is the Day of the Santos Inocentes, where everybody plays jokes, this date according to the Catholic Church is one pagan - religious celebrates since masses and festivals realize in commemoration of millions of children salted and dried 2009 years ago with the birth of the Messiah.
December 31 is the typical festivity with the fireworks, the count is realized before the new year.
On this day we alsohave thetradition of 12 grapes of the time. For this tradition it is necessary to eat 12 grapes before 12 a.m. and for every grape that commas you can make a wish, that is to say, have 12 desires in whole.
On this day we also have the tradition of 12 grapes of the time. For this tradition it is necessary to eat 12 grapes before 12 a.m. and for every grape that you eat you can make a wish, that is to say, have 12 desires in whole.
My favorite taboo 31 while growing up was that if you were wearing yellow underwear you would have prosperity in the year, as is if after the 12 salts with a suitcase in the street and greet neighbors and give them the new year have many trips that year. There was also the belief that if you had dollars and a passport in the year you would have prosperity throughout the year.
My favorite taboo 31 with the growing up that if wearing yellow underwear have prosperity in the year, as is if after the 12 salts with a suitcase in the street and great neighbors and give them the new year have many trips that year, and also the belief of thinking that if you have dollars and the passport in the year you will have prosperity in the year.
Loving you - amándote | I love you - te amo
Ah....
every time I look at you, its like the first time.....
I'm falling in love with you...
'cause you change my whole life and you make me smile, you are my everything
My first entry
Hi my name is Javier and I'm interested in learning English.
Thank you and bye.
practice english in skype
Change my spanish by your english.
Somebody want to practice english in skype?My english level is low-medium.
Thank you
1st: About me!
Hi!
My name is Paulina and I'm 25 years old.
Just a few days ago I graduated from college-- I'm a real nurse now!
I really like to learn languages, English was my first love =).
I can understand very well when people talk in English, but for some reason writing is very difficult for me.
If you have any suggestions about how I can improve that, I'd be really greatful!
Carlos Pascual at the CIDE
Today, the current US Ambassador to Mexico, Carlos Pascual, visited the prestigious think tank Center for Research and Teaching Economics (CIDE), at the Mexican business district Santa Fe located in Mexico City.
Since Mexico's most important bilateral relationship is the United States’, the message delivered by the Ambassador is quite relevant.
Because what took place at the dialogue table with the Ambassador was a little long, I will publish two entries about it.
The first will discuss the participation of the CIDE professors, and the second will review the central arguments expounded by Carlos Pascual.
Who is Carlos Pascual?
The diplomat was born in Cuba, and his family moved to the United States when he was three.
He previously worked in the White House National Security Council as senior director for Russian, Ukrainian and Eurasian affairs, and also served as ambassador to Ukraine between 2000 and 2003. Before coming to Mexico he was the director of the US State Department Office of Reconstruction and Stabilization.
Last year, he was appointed by Barack Obama as the ambassador to Mexico.
There was some controversy around his designation, because of his fame as an expert on ‘failed states.’
At the beginning of the meeting, two distinguished academics of the institution, PhD.
Jorge Chabat, PhD. and .
GGuadalupe González, PhD., questioned the diplomat about the state of affairs between the two nations.
Jorge Chabat began his speech highlighting the lack of enthusiasm among Mexicans about a broader integration with their powerful neighbor.
In his opinion, the last decade was characterized by a firm belief that Mexico was getting more concessions from the United States; this impression was reinforced with the closer ties between the first Mexican President from the opposition, the rightist Vicente Fox, and George W.
Bush, and the former’s continuous declarations about the enchilada completa, or an integrated immigration reform, which would legalize a few millions of illegal Mexicans working in the US.
However, with the terrorist attacks on the Twin Towers and the lack of Mexican cooperation in the Iraq war in the Security Council, all these promises and projects were put on stand by.
In addition, the Bush administration stopped paying attention to Mexican issues and focused on the war on terror.
With the new democrat government, the Mexican authorities guessed the panorama would change, but with the financial crisis and the problems in the Middle East this situation was shunned.
All these events caused Mexican public opinion to be skeptical about a deeper integration with the States and provoked suspicion about US actions.
Guadalupe González elaborated on with this last topic and quoted several times the poll México y el Mundo to prop up Chabat’s argument about the increasing distrust toward the Americans, and asked the Ambassador about how the relationship with Mexico is being handled.
My next post will be about Carlos Pascual's rejoinder.
Sorry about the image, I could not get a better one.
From left to right: Jorge Chabat, Guadalupe González, Carlos Pascual, and Jorge Schiavon, Director of the CIDE's International Studies Department.
Sona Rosa is a place.
Acapulco
Hello, I'm planning to write a blog because I want to improve my writing skills, this will be the first entry:
The title says everything, Idonot intend to deceive you.
So what I’ll be talking about in this space is my life in Mexico.
I plan to write about various aspects of life in Mexico; sometimes I will talk about politics, Mexican Universities, costumes, places, etc.
I’m not sure if there are other blogs like this, but if there are many of them, I really don’t care because I’m not competing with anybody.
For a vacation, I moved to an old Mexican resort named Acapulco.
This place was the very first big Mexican resort.
It was visited by North American stars, presidents, and other celebrities.
Of course the corrupt Mexican politicians from that time had properties here.
When Mexican economy was thriving at the 60’s, this port was the base of the tourism industry.
This resort helped Mexico to maintain a balanced account, while the profits earned by the agriculture were used in an attempt to industrialize the country.
This should make clear the importance of this port.
Because of the explosive economic growth in this area, the masses of peasants from the impoverished regions of the state (Guerrero) migrated to the citywhich kept wages low until now.
These peasants settled illegally in the uninhabited parts of the Acapulco county. Due to the housing problem in the county, the authorities allowed them to acquire those lots for free, well giving them their political support against the detractors of the regime, who, by the 60’s, were many.
That’s the way most of the Acapulco quarters (colonias) surged.
In the next decades, the port suffered from problems of housing, lack of water, overpopulation, and pollution.
That’s why (and the lack of planning, and so many more reasons) Acapulco’s popularity as an international resort waned; now, this city has trouble attracting international tourists.
Nowadays, we can see a city which resembles the Capital of the country: there is a moderately sized middle class and a few very rich places surrounded bywidespread poverty in an unplanned city.
This is a debatable affirmation about the Capital, because it holds the biggest portion of middle class houses. However, it is necessary to remember that the city does not end at the official boundaries.The counties of the State of Mexico are part of the city, so we can clearly confirm what I’m talking about, but in bigger size.
I tried to say: I can't watch/see it because it kills me.
Mexican Economy
Recently, there have been lots of newspapers and public figures criticizing the policies implemented by the Mexican government in order to lessen the impact of the global crisis in Mexico.
The comparisons between Brazil and Mexico are inevitable: how is it possible that the Mexican economy had contracted 7% and the Brazilian 0%?
Moreover, why was Mexico the worst Latin American country in dealing with the global financial crisis?
First of all, let's state some facts.
According to the National Institute of Statistic and Geography (INEGI), Mexican exports are heavily dependent on the USA market (75% of its exports are to the States).
In Mexico, the states with the highest rates of economic growth (above 4%) are the northern ones: Baja California, South Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, Sonora, Tamaulipas and also Aguascalientes and Quintana Roo (the only one in the south).
The northern states, which are the ones more integrated with the US economy, are export-led economies, such as Aguascalientes and Quintana Roo, which is a famous resort dependent on the US tourists.
Now, taking into account the fact that the Mexican states leading the economic growth in Mexico are export-oriented economies with the US as the main destiny of exports,
it is not surprising that the Mexican economy experienced that kind of economic contraction.
In South America, there is no country so dependent on the US market as Mexico.
The solution would be to diversify trade, but at the end of the XIX century, Porfirio Díaz, a Mexican "dictator", stated that diversifying trade was a necessary condition of reducing dependency of the Mexican economy in relation to the United States economy.
If it happened that the Mexican economy would increase its net output following an export-oriented solution, it would be through an increase in exports to the USA.
There are trade models based in the fact that bigger economies tend to "attract" exports from nearer countries.
Unless Mexico managed to create goods which are not demanded by citizens in the United States -or strengthen its internal markets-, Mexico won't be able to avoid the effects of the US crises.
No title
My boss took a week off, so I asked him if I could go back to Acapulco.
So right now I am back in my hometown, at least for a week.
Just a few things have changed compared to last year: violence has decreased, but lately there have been a lot of murders related to drug trafficking.
At least they were not as terrible as the ones of the past few years, but they were still murders.
However, despite all the publicity in the news, people continue with their lives as if nothing happens, even in the poor neighborhoods, where most of the killings happen.
Nevertheless, I wonder how many of those are afraid of the drug violence. It's unclear to whom you're referring with "those."
In the case of my parents, they feel things are getting better, but they still do not like me going out at night.
Back to the main topic- I found out my parents bought a new television (LED) and made some changes to the house.
In sum, we have a new television, a new garage door, and a new flat roof.
I kind of like them all.
My stuff
Hello, I've decided to print some Japanese signs in my room.
These signs will explain me in Japanese what are those things and its usage.
So I'm writing some of them:
Mi pet Priscilla.
Mi class schedule.
Thanks!!
Three Spanish movies
HI.
This text is a little long, so you don't have to read it all or correct it all.
If you want to correct one or two lines, that would be great.
Thanks in advance.
Today I saw two different films.
One at the movies, and the other on my computer.
I usually do not like going to the movies, because I consider it very expensive and I cannot do anything else in the movies, but watch the film, so I feel like I lose precious time.
in my house, watching the movie is free, and I can do homework, study English and Korean, reply to emails, etc.
Those are the main reasons why I do not go that often to the theatre.
However, today my mother paid for the tickets, and I ended up going to Cinepolis.
There were different interesting and commercial pictures, which I can easily download anytime.
So I chose a movie that was not that common, so my going to the movies would be worth it.
I picked "La casa muda" (Silent House).
I do not regret my choice, despite the fact that, while being crappy from almost any angle, it was something different.
It was filmed in Uruguay and is based on real events.
The movie was filmed using just one camera and in real time; that is quite an achievement.
However, the story and the results of the one-camera-real-time experiment were not that good.
In other words, I would say this movie didn't suck really badly, but sucked nevertheless.
However, I read in some forums that people were claiming the Uruguayan film industry was improving because of this picture.
Given its low quality and insignificant funding, I find this fact astonishing.
The plot, if you can call it that , was about a girl, her father and the owner of a country house.
The first two go to the house to repair it, so the it can be rented or sold, I do not know.
There are some interesting things revealed at the end about the abnormal events happening in the house (well, the abnormal events that happen that night).
Second movie.
I remember a few months ago, following the explained logic, I picked "El Camino de las Flores" (The Road of Flowers).
This was a Mexican production which took place in the Northern state of Baja California (however the actors talked with an obvious Mexico City accent).
The main idea was OK, but there were so many inconsistencies.
This was a normal movie in terms of the filming (many cameras, good sound, different angles, etc.), and I remember there was a strong marketing campaign for this movie, I naively thought "if Mexicans don't do horror movies that often, at least the few ones that come out must be good, see the movie!
It must be good" I was wrong.
This movie totally sucked, and I felt pretty bad because I was expecting something better given the enthusiastically made mock-ups in Cinepolis.
It was very predictable, the ending was completely off, and there were many unexplained things.
I wish I could say something better about this movie, but I cannot.
Third movie.
After coming back from the theatre, I searched information about Silent House, and I ran into "Los Ojos de Julia" (Julia's eyes) in a forum.
A Spanish movie from the directors of the Orfanato (Foster House?), I decided to watch it.
This was a very good movie.
I am not saying OMG this is THE movie, but it was pretty good, especially when compared to the other two.
The story was fine, maybe a little predictable in the last quarter of the movie, the acting was amazing and the overall quality of the movie (don't know the word, maybe the image or photography) was on par with American movies.
After watching these three films, all Spanish speaking ones, I wondered why countries which do not produce horror movies that often, or which do not have a big film industry (Mexico and Uruguay) come up with these sucky movies.
In the case of Uruguay, I guessed the director did not have much funding, but if you are going to film something so badly, better not to film anything.
In the case of Mexico, this was not the first recent horror movie; KM31 was not amazing, but was way better than El Camino de las Flores.
So if the film industry does not have much funding or official support, why are they still making pretty bad movies?
It is supposed to be the contrary: when there are not so many opportunities around, you are supposed to be the best and do the best you can to guarantee future funding.
Maybe the special effects will not be that great, and the acting not the best given the financial restrictions, but the story can and must be good and interesting.
Mexico is full of superstitious people and crazy legends; you can get good stories if you look for them.
The Spaniards have been doing great (or OK) horror or suspense movies: Thesis, REC, Foster House/el Orfanato, Backbone's Devil/El Espinazo del Diablo, which is also a coproduction with Mexico, and now Julia's Eyes.
Like the director of The Foster House, if you make interesting and good movies, then you will get more funds for the next one.
I praise the Mexicans (I cannot talk about Uruguay since Silent House should not be even considered a professional movie) for branching out into different genres, instead of sticking to the boring and predictable romance movie, but if you are going to use scarce resources, then do something good!
hi!!
Hi everybody!!!
does anybody know about a web page where i can learn french??
for free!!
Christinas in irak sad and in shock...Christians in México ANGRY!
After car bomb explodes at Kirkuk church.
The bomb causes major damages to Syro-Catholic church.
Children and clergymen are among the wounded.
A second car bomb set to go off near an Evangelical church is defused.
and angry...
I'm very angry with the recent attacks against Christians in Irak.
Angry with people than did that but angrier with europeans and americans who don't do nothing for irak christians and they just say "we condems attacks against anybody, or any social group"...
very lazy their speech.
Currently Christians are being exterminated of Irak and the world keep in silence.
Think about France for example and the case of Burka.
Many people said: France must allow burka because if they don't allow it then they are against one religion (muslims in this case) but now we are talking about Christians and nobody (I mean nations) do something!
I'm not against any religion but we know that the main persecution against Christians is in islamic world.
I just want to say that Christians suffer currently and nobody do something...
Self introduction
Hello, my name is Misael.
I was born and currently live in Puerto Rico.
I am a native Spanish speaker studying Japanese .
I also speak English as a second language and consider myself to be fairly fluent.
I have been exposed to English all my life through television and the Internet and have been able to understand it for as long as I can remember.
I registered on this website not only to learn Japanese, but also to improve my English writing so that I can one day achieve native proficiency.
While I can understand and speak English with ease, I'm still not too confident in my writing.
I would appreciate it if native English speakers could correct any errors or unnaturalness they may find in my writing, or rephrase my sentences so that my writing can flow more smoothly.
Please be as strict as possible with my writing.
It's the only way I'll be able to improve!
If possible, in addition to helping people learning Spanish, I would also like to correct other people's English entries.
However, I'm afraid I'll give them a bad correction or misinform them, so if you see something wrong in any of my corrections, PLEASE LET ME KNOW and I will stop trying to correct English entries.
Likewise, I would also appreciate it if you could mark my corrections as "good" if you agree with my corrections so that I feel more confident in my corrections.
Thanks for reading.
:)
How does one go about improving their writing?
I have no trouble conversing in English, but whenever I actually try to write something more than just a couple of sentences long I just have no idea where to start.
Even choosing the opening sentence for this entry took me a couple of minutes.
I don't know how to make the transitions between sentences and paragraphs sound natural.
They seem too abrupt, but I have no idea how to make them better.
How does one go about improving their writing skills?
Introduction
Hello everybody, my name is Stefania, and I am from Colombia.
I'm 18 years old.
I have been in New Zealand one year and 2 months.
I have been in New Zealand for a year and two months.
I went to Colombia last year in my holidays and now I'm studying academic English to get ready to start fundacion in July.
I went to Colombia last year during my holidays and now I'm studying academic English to get ready to start fundacion in July. What do you mean by fundacion?
boring weekend
the last weekend was too long for me maybe becouse i didnt do anything interested this year as last year was my first easter holliday so i was traveling around soult island (NZ)..
on friday i just went out with some friends to have fun in a latin bar. It was nice, i met a lot of people there from differents parts in the world and obviously from my country as well...
on Saturday I preferred to stay at home so my feeling wasn't very good...
on sunday i went for a walk with my flatmate she's like my sister here so we just went for walk and a cup of coffee and then i back to my flat...
On my last day after this long weekend i decided to clean my flat and read a book...
was really boring but anyway i enjoyed it...
Tuba Mirum by Maria Salvador
TUBA MIRUM
el sonido metálico despierta
a los siempre durmientes
en el lugar que la naturaleza
escogió como seno de la muerte:
el miedo se personifica
 en el temblor.
TUBA MIRUM
the metallic sound wakes
the always sleeping
where the nature
chose as the heart of death:
the fear personifies
 in the shivering.
At the beginning
Hello everybody!
Like I've done with my other entry (in French), I'll introduce myself saying that I'm here to improve my English.
I think it's a very good idea (I'm talking about the community), and of course, any help you can need if you are learning spanish, you can ask me.
The guitar
Playing guitar is liberating for me.
I've been playing for six years and the best thing I can say about it is that in the end I've found my own style when I play, my own sound, my personality, and this is what makes you special in music.
I like to create atmospheres with only the help of my Spanish guitar.
That's all folks!
xD
Poetry
Ever since I was a teenager, I've written poems; in the beginning they were very bad. Or "I've written poems since I was a teenager. In the beginning they were very bad."
I read them now and I feel a little ashamed.
But, in fact, step by step, I've improved my poetry skills and now I also show some poems to my friends and family.
But, in fact, step by step, I've improved my poetry skills and now I also show some poems to my friends and family.
Of course, I'm not a Nobel award winner, but, who cares? Actually, we say, "Nobel prize."
I enjoy my writings
I can't wait to write something in English!
my england experience
I'm going to talk about the first day of my visit to England last summer.
In August, I went to Manchester in order to improve my english skills, especially my speaking.
When i landed at the airport i thought i was in trouble because a member of the english school was going to give me a lift to my residence but he was not there.
So i called the emergency number and they told me that the man would be at the airport in twenty minutes , but I ended up waiting for an hour.
The employee apologised and took me to my residence, where i could sleep at last (because it was 1:00 am).
The next day another funny thing happened to me.
I woke up late and in addition i didn't know where the school was (because it was away from the residence).
Luckily (i thought) there were some guys in the residence that seemed to be going to the school.
i asked them about the chance to go with them, but there were some communication problems, because neither their native tongue nor mine was english !
so i misunderstood them and went with them to a different english school!
moreover it was almost at the other end of mine, and Manchester is not a small city, i can assure you...
After two hours, two or three calls, and one bus, i arrived at the school.
undoubtedly my first day was perfect.
Formal Letter
Dear Mrs. Robinson,
I am very interested in studying at your University for a semester.
I am very interested in studying for a semester abroad at your university.
I think that a semester studying abroad would be highly formative and give me a rich experience. Given the quality and prestige of the University of Fordham.
I think that it would be a highly formative and full experience given the quality and prestige of the University of Fordham.You could also replace quality and prestige with the word "reputation", which is positive in this context.
I am looking for a place where I can master my English and at the same time, and most importantly, learn a new legal system. I am also interested in your way of teaching, since here in Spain our teaching methods at University level are very different from those in the United States.
I am looking for a place where I could master my English and,most importantly,learn a completely new legal system at the same time. I also wish to be exposed to a new way of learning, since in Spain our learning methods in university are very different from yours. This was a run-on sentence and I have tried to edit it to make better sense. 
I send along with this letter my CV and a letter of recommendation from the Dean of Law at my University.
Along with this letter, I am including my CV as well as a letter of recommendation from the Dean of my university's Law Department.
I hope that my qualifications will match the requirements of the University and that my profile will match the kind of person you are looking for.
I hope that my qualifications will match the requirements of the university and that my profile will match the kind of person you are looking for.
If you have any further information regarding the University or the course, or the City of New York, that you believe would be useful to me then I would be appreciative of any information you could provide.
It would be nice to receive any additional information about the university and the city of New York. I am especially looking for helpful information that one may not find in books or online. I thank you in advance for any help you can give me in this matter.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Yours sincerely,
Best wishes is fine for a more casual letter, but Sincerely is more formal and apporpriate for this type of letter.
Toni S.You should use your full name here, first and last.
WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF COMMON LAW SYSTEMS
We have to distinguish in Common Law systems the two main branches, i.
e.
the British one and the American one.
While the American system has a written constitution which establishes separation of powers, the British system has an unwritten constitution and separation of powers (that is: legislative, executive and judiciary) is less clear.
 Taking as a reference the British system, we can say that an unwritten constitution is a good thing due to its flexibility and its "matter of fact" approach, but at the same time it has some problems.
Surely the most important worry is the uncertainty and insecurity as a consequence of not having a written constitution, which would establish the main principles and institutions of the State.
 There is a tension between the principles of flexibility and security.
Which is more important is a matter of opinion.
Certainly, the ideal system would be a mixture of both and would have as both as much flexibility and as much security as possible, but we must still privilege one over the other.
That is the main difference between the British system and the Continental system: while the former places flexibility and tradition at the top, the latter chooses security and the rational knowledge of a written constitution.
 But there are another advantages and disadvantages.
In my opinion, the judicial precedent is one of its advantages in addition of the judge-made law, especially because the judges are chosen from the best and more experienced barristers, so theirs decisions are usually very suitable and logical.
Moreover, this system avoids the danger of endless changes of the law everytime a new party takes the power, as it happens in Continental systems.
 On the disadvantadges side, as some people say the Common Law system, based in judicial precedent and with almost nothing codified, is more messy and unclear than a codified system.
 Others sources of the Common Law system as Costum or Books of authority are similar to those that the Continental system has.
 To put it in a nutshell: Common Law has advantages and disadvantages, and the same is for the Continental system, so the basic reason for the prevailing of one system or the other is cultural tradition and the idiosyncrasy of each country or region (although sometimes it was brought by force).
I prefer the Common Law system for its flexibility and case approach, but this is a subjective decision and it will depend on the preferences of each individual.
The most important thing is that the Rule of Law and the Supremacy of Parliament work.
But this is something that can only be achieved by the will of each country and its effort to maintain it.
Internet versus television
Everything is changing faster and faster nowadays, andone of the most important of which is the way we communicate with the world and get information, something traditionally done trough the TV.
Although the TV is still important, certainly people, and especially the new generations, are moving from the TV to the net as their primary way of communicating with each other, reading the news or watching their favourite movies or television programmes.
I think that this is a real revolution and very positive one on the whole.
The amount of things that you can do surfing the net is enormous and really huge in comparison with the TV.
I would say that the Internet represents real freedom, because it is the only media that is not tightly controlled or subject to censorship, as it is the TV or radio.
On the net you can choose from an enormous selection, includingthe paper that you want to read, the field that you want to study, etc, and most importantly: it is you who is choosing, and not who is being chosen as you are with the tv.
It is true that the TV has a lot of channels and that you can choose and switch from one to another, depending on your political tastes and preferences, but the range of choices is actually very little when compared with that of the Internet.
Finally i would like to highlight the dangers that the Internet is facing at present.
For sure the most important is that governments worldwide are trying to suppress the freedom of the net with more or less credible excuses depending on the country, promulgating laws whose real intention is to censor the websites that do not agree with so called "political correctness".
I hope that the freedom of the net will continue forever, but i am not very optimistic, knowing that Power doesn't like freedom at all.
"Collateral", A Film Review
I watched last night the film Collateral. -> Last night I watched the movie Collateral. Film is correct, but movie is more natural.
In fact I had already seen it some years ago at the movies, when i was almost a child, and I remember having been strangely amazed by the film. 
When I found out the film on the television I froze at the armchair with my eyes fixed on the screen. -> When I saw the movie on television, I froze in the armchair with my eyes fixed on the screen.or When I found out the movie was on television...
I decided to watch the film again so that I could appreciate all of it's meaning.
I am an adult now and can discover all the subtleties in the film which I couldn't in the past.
Basically the plot is based on an assassin named Vincent who must kill five people involved in a trial.
In order to do that he takes a taxi whis is going to give him a lift around Los Angeles stopping each time Vincent finds one of his victimes.
In theory Max, the taxi driver, is not supposed to know that Vincent is committing murders each time he stops, but he finds out when the corpse of the first victim falls out of a window onto his cab.
The best features of the film are the dialogues between Vincent, a nihilist and aloof hired killer who justifies his crimes on the basis of the atrocities that happen in the world (for example the Rwanda Genocide), and Max, an idealistic and kind person as the opposite of Vincent.
I know now why i got amazed by this film in the first place: its philosophical dialogues and its classic and sober atmosphere along whith is photography and epic finale are simply superb.
Colón
Hi!
This is my first diary, Am I going to talk about myself?
No way, my life isn't interesting, it is too boring xD.
No way, my life isn't that interesting, it's too boring xD.
Moreover, I have to study History and English, so let's practice both of them!
I'm going to write about one of my last History classes.
I'm going to write about one of my last History classes.
We were talking about the discovery of America, and our teacher told us that Colón was a bungler.
We are talking about discovering America, our teacher said that Colón was a bungler.
We are talking about the discovery of America, and our teacher said that Columbus was a bungler.
He wouldn't have discovered America if he hadn't made four mistakes.
And when he had arrived there he thought that it was China, and he died thinking that!
Well, for him it was better to have to said that it was China, because his contract was about going from Spain to China, not discovering new places xD.
Well, for him it was better to have said that it was China because his contract was about going from Spain to China, not discovering new places xD.
He tried to get hired by the Kings of Spain, but no one wanted to finance his project of going to China by crossing the Atlantic.
He was hired by the King and Queen of Spain, since no one else wanted to finance his project of going to China by crossing the Atlantic.
Even though his plan was rejected by the Kings of Spain, he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and they accepted.
It was even rejected by the Kings of Spain, but he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and they were excited.
It was rejected by the King and Queen of Spain, but he tried again when they had already conquered Granada and were excited.
But, if people thought that earth was flat, why was it that he wanted to cross the Atlantic?
But, if people thought that the earth was plane, Why did he want to cross the Atlantic?
But if people thought that earth was flat, why would he want to cross the Atlantic?
The West had many spices and unique materials that were not in other places, and the distant and complicated exchange routes made them difficult to bring back.
Right, The West had many spices and unique materials that were not found in other places, and there were many exchanges to bring them here.
The East had many spices and other unique materials that were not in other places, and there were many different exchanges to bring them here.
So Colón's idea was making another trade route safer and less expensive
So Colón's idea was making another trade route safer and less expensive for these unique materials.
So Columbus' idea was to discover another trade route that would be safer and less expensive for the trade of these unique materials.
Spain was the best empire in the world at that time.
Spain was the best empire in the world at that time.
?? Why isn't Spain still on top after plundering all of America's silver ??
Why isn't it now, if Spain is being enriched with American silver?
Why aren't we rich now if Spain got so rich from American Silver?
what's a lammer?
That's because we are lame xD
Just kidding, maybe I'll explain in the next entry ;)
Thanks for reading :D
Você sabe?
Olá!
tenho uma dúvida XD Outro dia escutei uma canção e há algo que não posso compreender.
É uma expressão que diz " é que é que".
A frase inteira é: "Me diz pra onde é que você vai depois".
Tenho pesquisado  na internet  mas não tenho achado nada u.
u 
saudacãos!
:)
Mixing languages
Lately I've noticed I sometimes mix the languages I'm learning while I'm in class.
It's very funny and I've noticed the same happening with some of my classmates.
When I'm in English class I sometimes say "oui" to the teacher instead of "yes". When I have French lessons I speakt in English a lot (I say "Miss", "yes"...) and in Japanese class I almost said"Qu'est-ce que c'est..." once.
I guess it will still happen often...
A house full of animals
Ever since I could remember there's been at least one pet in my house.
Ever since I could remember there's been at least one pet in my house.
Ever since I can remember, there's been at least one pet in my house.
We've had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens, chickens, hamsters, fish, iguanas, turtles and a couple of rabbits (we had 10 rabbits).
We have had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguana, a turtle and a couple of rabbits (who had like 10 rabbits).
We have had dogs, cats, ducks, parrots, hens and chickens, hamsters, fish, an iguane, a turtle and a couple of rabbits ( like 10 rabbits).
My best friend even drew a comic about me and my animals in school: it was very funny.
The pet I remember and loved the most is my dog Randy.
The pet I remembered and loved the most was my dog Randy.
He was 2 or 3 years older than me and he was a dog loved by the entire family.
He was 2 or 3 years older than me, he was a dog loved by the whole family
He was 2 or 3 years older than me. He was loved by all the family.
He loved going out and spending time outdoors.
When he wanted to go home he used to "knock" the door with his legs. He was a very smart dog :)
When he wanted to go home he used to "knock" the door with his legs. He was a very intelligent dog :) Oraciones se conectan con un periodo, no con una coma. 
When Randy died, I was sad.
When Randy died it was sad.
He was 16 or 17 years old. He was already blind and couldn't hear very well.
He was 16 or 17 years old, he was already blind and he couldn't hear very well.
He was 16 or 17 years old. He was already blind and he couldn't listen very well.
My mom took him to the vet and he never returned...
A couple of days later, because of my questions from my sister and I, my mom told us what happened.
A couple of days later, because of mine and my sister's questions, she told us what happened.
A couple of days later, because of my and my sister's questions she told us what happened.
My first entry
Hello, I'm Silvia, nice to meet you!
I'm a peruvian student and I've just discovered Lang-8 a couple of days ago.
I want to improve my English so here I am =).
I've been studying English since I was in primary school* but I've noticed that my vocabulary is not so big and I hope that with your help I can become better.
I'm interested in learning a lot of languages (I love languages!).
Right now I'm studying French and English Grammar.
I'm also studying Japanese by myself (If I get lucky, next year I will begin studying it in an institute).
I'm still deciding which language to take next: Italian or Portuguese.
My friends have told me that because of our first language (Spanish) it will be easier if I begin with Potuguese, but I'm afraid that it will confuse me since it's very similar to French (well Italian is also similar to Spanish, they are Romance Languages after all...
lol) 
*I don't know if there's any difference between "Elementary School" and "Primary School" I just chose one.
que quiere decir sweet heart 
que quiere decir sweet heart : dulce corazon ?
Super quick survey.
I'm doing a research project for school as to how knowing more than one language changes your views, personality?
etc.
It takes less than 5 minutes and you'd be helping me a great deal!
Thanks in advance.
Top Gear
My culture has been deeply "offended" by the one of the hosts who laughed and pointed out some of our flaws ironically.
Everyone's making a big deal out of it.
I honestly believe that this happens all the time, people making racist jokes, but when the jokes or whatever is said are about one's culture it's just like they have offended our national pride.
It has been commented about every single news show I've seen today and I don't think it calls for it. or 'I don't think it deserves it.'
Personally, I found way more offensive the activity in Australia's Big Brother in which they had to throw balloons at the Mexican flag, although this one also had some comments that were totally uncalled for.
And to be honest, no one even knew about that Mexican sport car here.
I guess it's gonna sell a lot after this.
It's also a nice way to have something other than dead people on the news once in a while.
Like we say, if the coat fits, wear it.
I think those offended fit in the description made in the program...
I don't find any other reason to be angry.
For those interested here's a link: 
Couldn't find one without Spanish subtitles, sorry!
How do I use this page?
I hate using any kind of technology because there is a lot of information about it and I do not know what I have to do.
This is ...
Chile's 8.8 Earthquake
* I'm from Santiago, Chile.
I want to show you my POV of this tragedy and how I feel about this Earthquake.
I have been without electricity, water or any kind of communication since this terrible earthquake.
I was visiting Facebook when suddenly, at 3.30 AM, the earth began to shake quietly.
But, some seconds later it became stronger and stronger.
I got dressed quickly, woke up my little sister and my mother and we started to run to the front door.
It was horrible, I felt like The end of the World was coming.
The trees shook hard, and I saw the sky become bright because some spotlights blew up.
I was scared!
Finally, when the earthquake stopped, we can see the damage: many things were broken down (glasses), and there wasn't any light.
Finally, when the earthquake stopped, we could see the damage: many things were broken down (glasses), and there wasn't any light
All my neighboors were fine!
Nobody was injured by the earthquake.
But all of us were still afraid of the aftershocks.
During the whole night, the aftershocks still continued.
I couldn't sleep.
But, I couldn't get any news about the earthquake because I hadn't electricity.
But, I couldn't get any news about the earthquake because I didn't have electricity.
We only have some lanterns, some water and a battery-operated radio.
Hence, I can understand much about this tragic catastrophe.
The earthquake intensity was 8.8 (the fifth most "terrible" in the History of the World).
It was from the center-south of my country.
I live in Santiago (in center of Chile).
The worst of this tragedy was a series of TSUNAMIS on the Chilean coast.
First was the 8.8 earthquake and then, the tsunamis.
Many coastal towns and beaches were destroyed by the Tsunamis.
Many people are safe because they ran away to some high hills.
I don't know how to describe this tragedy.
There are many houses, buildings, and facilities broken down
The first day, the Chilean government said that there were 300 people dead, but then on the second day there were 1,000 people dead.
I feel so bad.
I have friends in South of Chile and I don´t know how they are.
And, I feel so disappointed and embarrassed with some people in Chile.
This is a national catastrophe, there is no elecrticity, telephone lines, some food, water...
but there are some irresponsible people who ARE STEALING from supermarkets, and mini-markets...
but they aren´t only stealing food, but ALSO electrical appliances, bottles of alcohol, furniture, clothes, everything they can steal.
Now, in the most affected zones, there are military forces because this is out of control.
There is no respect for the people who really NEED AID.
I tried to write a letter :S
Hello Everyone.
Mhh, I need your help.
In my country, I'm in TVXQ's FanClub  ( a corean boy band ♥).
We have a project: try to send them some present and letter, so I write one in English.
Could you help me to correct it ?
( Please, don't laugh T^T)
Dear TVXQ:
Hello everyone !
This letter come from Chile, a very far away country in South America.
I must admit that recently, I've been listening to your songs. You changed my whole life.
Actually, I'm studying Japanese-English translation and it's so hard.
When I know you, I was very surprised, because you guys are very talented!
Later.
I was searching for all of your musician job and I'm very proud of you.
I don't know where you have energy to continue dancing, singing, learning new complex and awesome choreographic.
Your career must be very selfless and hard.
More to be a fan of you, I really admire you.
It's the first time that I feel something like admiration to a band.
You are always working and working, so you have improved a lot as artist.
I want you to say : Thank you very much for giving me the energy to go on with my studies ( to learn Japanese it's difficult, but you can speak it !
 ).
You make me happy, because I think that you're like a family.
You show us happiness between you.
Special Thanks to every TVXQ member :
* Changmin: You're amazing !
You're my idol.
You have demonstrated  us that all can do with effort.
When I see you I think "Don't give up and go on !" ( You've improves a lot !
That's great !
 )
* Jaejoong: You make me laugh a lot, You're so cute and funny.
* Junsu: You're an amazing dancer.
You moved me with your dance and singing skills.
I think you're nice.
You have a beautiful smile and great charisma.
* Micky: You are also funny and handsome.
Your voice is sweet.
* Yunho: OMG !
You're a great dancer.
Please, care all your friends.
Last, I hope that you read this letter.
I tried to write what I'm feeling now.
You're the best boy band in the world.
Good luck forever !
Many people in Chile really likes and admires you !
Regards from here, Chile !!
XXXX XXXXX ( my name :P )
Thanks for your help !
P.
S : It's too long XD
Chile ayuda a Chile
"After several days..." or "Several days later..."
I'm feeling very lucky because all of my family is fine.
There are people who practically lost everything they have because of the earthquake.
Now, it's time to help!
When catastrophes happen, Chile always shows a positive side: they (or we) are solidarity.
I'm so proud of us Chilean people who really want to help the most affected.
Almost all of us donated some clothes, food, cleaning products, or money.
A friend of mine lost her house (she lives in Concepción, South of Chile, which is one of the most affected cities).
So, I'm going to collect all I have to give to her.
Because of this earthquake, there is going to be a TV show called "Teletón" or "Chile ayuda a Chile" (Chile helps Chile) on Friday and Saturday.
We have to collect enough money to rebuild the houses that collapsed and help the families who don't have anything now.
FUERZA CHILE!
(It's like some sort of slogan that we use to give ourselves positive energy!)
P.
S: This evening there was a hard 6.3 magnitude aftershock in South of Chile and there was a false alarm of a Tsunami >.<
AND NOW, It have been in a 6.1 magnitude aftershock in Valparaíso (it's North of where I live :S) I'm scared >.< No more please.
Hi everyone !
Hello everybody, my name is Francisca and I'm from Chile.
Actually I'm studyng three languagues at my university : English, Japanese and Portuguese.
When I decided to enter my university, I believed that my English level was very good, but ....
This was a lie U__U
Sometimes, my teacher was talking in English and I didn´t understand all. Sometimes, when my teacher would speak in English I couldnt  understand him at all. 
And, in the second term of the year, in English phonetics, I passed with HORRIBLE MARKS U___U
Fortunately, now, I think my English skills have improved... 
but only a bit more.
Also, I'm learning japanese.
I really love this subject.
I've always watched anime, dramas, and listened to Japanese music.
So, I I have recently enjoyed japanese. I'm not sure if this is what you wanted to say, I'm confused as to when the phrase "in this last time" is occurring.
BUT, it's very hard : first, you MUST learn HIRAGANA and KATAKANA ( a kind of japanese writting, they are like simbols ), and then KANJI.
It's hard becouse you need to have A good MEMORY !
Well...
that's all.
If you read this, please, HELP ME with my English.
And japanese..
but..
whathever.
THANKS A LOT !
P.
S : Sorry, I want to write more, but I don't know a lot of english vocabulary.
Later, I will try to wrote more !!
BYE  !
Water Pollution
Hi everyone!
It's me again ^^
I have to translate from Spanish to English this text about water pollution.
If you could help with my mistakes, I will be very thankful with you.
Thanks in advance!
Water pollution
Water not only is an essential part of our own physical constitution and from another living being, but also contributes to the general welfare of all human activities.
Water is almost used as an important element in any living and human being diet.
Without it, live couldn’t be possible.
Water that comes from superficial sources such as rivers, lakes and streams, is being badly contaminated by some human activities.
Human being adds substances to water damaging its quality.
Pollution is an indirect result from domestic, industrial and agricultural activities.
Waste produced from sewer system, industries, detergents, fertilizers and pesticides that drains away from farming lands, contaminates rivers and canals.
When rivers are contaminated, natural vegetation disappears and the amount of oxygen decreases.
Thus, fishes and water wildlife die.
Petroleum dumping in the sea damages most of the flora and fauna.
Pollutants of water
1. Pathogenic microorganism responsible for: typhoid fever, typhus, hepatitis, dysentery, etc.
2. Synthetic detergents rich in phosphate.
3. Organic pesticides such as aldrin, dieldrin, etc.
4. Inorganic chemical products such as nitrate, nitrite, fluoride, arsenic, selenium, mercury.
5. Petroleum and their products such as tar, oils, fuels.
Contaminated water becomes into a medium of infectious agents such fungus, virus, bacteria, protozoans and helminths, and also toxic substances such as pesticides, heavy metals and other chemical and organic compounds which are damaging to the health.
Thanks in advance for correcting my translation ^^
Adobe Café and La Estaka are both the most popular and successful restaurants of San Pedro de Atacama.
Their reputation is due to its excellent gastronomy, quality and style setting by Mauricio Ciocca, a local businessman.
Thus, these two gastronomic options belong to local touristic circuit and, for that reason, visitors can’t miss the opportunity of enjoying its good dishes.
‘Every restaurant has a hallmark that we are updating without forget the original main which consists in serving with dedication and love’, said Ciocca.
La Estaka, with twenty years of existence, is the oldest restaurant of San Pedro de Atacama and offers a more elaborated and international menu in which meats and pasta predominate it and Japanese sushi has been included on it.
Dishes are seasoned with some local spices and oriental dishes are prepared as well.
The owner explains that La Estaka is characterized by ‘being a permanent art gallery’ because here it has been exhibited work of arts from different local artists.
-------
I realized I always use the word "local" to describe that someone or something belongs to a specific place.
Could you suggest me other word, please?
Bye bye  ^^
San Pedro de Atacama
Hello everyone!
I need your help with this translation about a Chilean destination and its descriptions.
Thanks in advance.
I really apreciate your help.
.....
San Pedro de Atacama
Getting to know San Pedro de Atacama and its surroundings well requires at least 4 or 5 days.
The distance of the attractions varies between 1.8 and 72 miles, for which it is important to take in mind driving a car or hiring guided tours by local travel agency.
Starting from San Pedro's square, you can visit the church, the Pade Le Paige's archeological museum, the craft market and also go over the commercial street known as 'Caracoles', the meeting place between tourists and local people.
Very peaceful and calm area.
Duration: 1 hour
Valle de la luna (Moon Valley)
Located in the 'Cordillera de la Sal' area, the main appeal of this place is its similitude to the moon landscape, like a huge natural colliseum.
From a big dune, it is possible to enjoy the scenery.
Duration: 1 and a half hour
Distance: 9.4 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama through the way to Calama
Termas de Puritama
Big thermal bath wells produced by hot waters of Puritana river.
Located in a canyon of incredible natural beauty.
Thermas are currently administrated by the Hotel Explora.
Duration: 4-5 hours
Distance: 21 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama
Pukará de Quitor
Locates over Quitor hill, this fort was built by the Atacameños to protect themselves against other people who inhabitated the area.
Duration: 1 hour
Distance: 1.8 miles away from San Pedro de Atacama
Aldea de Tutor
It is an ancient town from Atacam built over 2,800 years ago and was left entonbed by the sand.
Now, it is possible to visit one part of the buildings excavated by a research project.
Duration: 1-2 hours
Distance: 7 miles away form San Pedro de Atacama
Toconao and Salar de Atacama
The 'Salar de Atacama' is located south from San Pedro, where it is possible to see Licanbour and Lascar volcanos and others on the way.
Continuing the same way, it is possible to see Tocoano's village and then the Salar once you have arrived at Chaxa lagoon, surrounded by flamingos.
Duration: 3-4 hours
Distance: 24 miles away from San Pedro de Atacama
Good News !
Before you read :
NOOO...
I had written a lot, but, I clicked a button, AND ALL OF IT WAS ERASED!
Well.
Let's start !
For the last few days, I've  been searching for some information on Internet, when suddenly, I found a website that said "MIYAVI is going to be coming to Chile in July!"
I was very shocked. I LOVE MIYAVI!
He's one of my favourite J.
music singers.
Last year, on the 21st of May, Miyavi came to Chile for his first Japanese concert here ( with a famous Japanase singer ).
I remember that all of his fans were very excited. First, we had to try to get some money to buy the tickets, and then, on the day of the concert, we had to try to find the best position to see him!!
Fortunately, last year I had a job, so I could buy the most expensive ticket.
But now, I don't have any money to buy it.
I don't know what to do.
At least there's a lot of time to try to recollect money...
Miyavi's first concert was awesome! He had a DJ named Teddy Loid (he remixes some of Miyavi's songs) and a musician called KAVKI BOYS.
I hope to go to the concert with my friends ( again ) ...
and have some FUN!
P.
S : Also, i hope that Miyavi sings the day of my birthday (July 11)..
I will the happiest person in the world!!
Some Chilean concerts
I'm really sorry!
I've forgotten to write here for a long time.
What can I say?
Well.
I want to share with you my experiences about two of four japanese concert which was played in my country, Chile.
Summary, on April of this year, An Cafe arrived for first time ever on Chile (but I don't like it, so I didn't attend it).
The second one, was MIYAVI!!
I really love him.
It was the second time that miyavi visited my country...
and I was too happy.
With my friend, we went to the place where the concert was at 5.30 in the morning, because there are many crazy fan here (even some of them had slept aside of the theatre O.
O).
The concert was going to start at 8.00 in the evening, so we made many effort to try don't get tired.
The most incredible thing was we could see to Miyavi when we arrived...
VERY CLOSE!!
Miyavi was sick, so he couldn't played with all his energies.
But, the concert was so awesome!
He is a very talentous guitarrist and singer too, and, he knows how to do an excellent show.
Even I cried with one of his songs calles "kimi ni negai wo".
All together sang with him.
It was a beatiful moment.
The third concert was about a japanese band called MUCC.
As I didn't know so much about them, I didn't attend it.
And, finally, the last concert was about: DIR EN GREY!
This band is very known in Chile (but people who only likes japanese music, and we are not so much).
I bought the most expensive ticket.
But I feel that was very unfair.
I arrived to line up at 6.00 in the morning (crazy fans again) and the concert started at 9.00 in the night (it's crazyness, I know!)
And was a terrible chaos, becouse people waa very excited to see their favourites artist.
I said, it was unfair, because when we were in VIP places (the place for people who bought the most expensive ticket), many people enter there without have this VIP ticket.
I mean, for example, they showed to the staff a VIP ticket (that they obteined thanks to their friends) and said "I went to the bathroom and I have came back, so let me enter again".
Obviously, there's other many forms to enter-
But Dir en Grey's concert was really awesome too!
Kyo (the singer) was a powerful voice and fans really enjoyed it.
Concert was one a half hour long (very short) but fortunately Dir en Grey played their last released album and some of their most known songs (Kodou, Obscure, The Final, for example).
One positive thing was the staff let us bring cameras !
And I took some photos :D
I hope that you don't bored with my history.
Bye bye and thanks to read it.
A new concert
I've known that Kagrra comes to Chile on the 20th of February since last month.
So, since that time, I've tried to save money to go to the concert.
Fortunately, there's a promotion about the cheaper tickets : If you and three friends buy four tickets, the 5th ticket is FREE.
My friend and I were looking for interested people in this promotion.
Finally, this week, we found those people and we can buy the promotion.
I'm very happy, because there will be a draw where the people bought this promotion.And the winner  will win a set of Kagrra's products ( shirts, postcards, signs of Kagrra ) and the possibility to have a meeting with them.
I'm very excited of this,  ¡ and I really hope to win it !
Ah !
And another great thing : Because I bought the ticket, I have a 5% discount when purchasing the next Miyavi concert ticket !!
 It's too much happinness !
I just want to have a part time job.
I need the money !
When I start  university I can't work, I won't have any time to do this!
Bullying in schools
Hello everyone!
This is my essay for English class and it is my opinion about bullying in schools.
What is happening with our students today?
When you are watching the news on TV, the number of cases of bullying is unbelievable. 
Families and authorities should take actions to prevent this terrible situation.
Behavior (good or bad) is learned mostly from the behavior of family members and friends.
When students learn bad habits such as bullying, they tend to think it is the appropriate way to solve their problems and they begin to feel comfortable with their actions.
Without correction, a future high level of cases of bullying can lead to dreadful consequences such as students suffering from depression, lack of motivation, even thinking about committing suicide.
First, people learn behavior from their families and schools.
For example, if children grew up in an unhappy environment where their parents are usually arguing, then they will probably learn these types of behavior themselves.
Bullying, similarly, is learned in much the same way in schools.
Bullying is a learned behavior which students imitate another horrendous classmate’s behaviors such as insulting or hitting friends.
According to British website ‘BullyingUK’, one of the reasons behind bullying is that students are involved in a culture of aggression.
These actions cause bullying and no one stops it.
Second, students think that they can control their problems and classmates in an abusive way.
There are an incredible number of videos on Internet where students are hitting, kicking, pushing, shoving or making someone do something they don’t want to do.
Truly, they do these abusive actions in order to feel superior to others or to be more popular.
Finally, the increase of the number of cases of bullying is alarming.
Those who are being bullied or are ‘targets’ prefer to stay at home due to the fear of being bullied and they often suffer from depression.
The worst outcome of bullying is when a student's depression leads them to commit suicide.
One dreadful example was a 15 year old Chilean student named Jordan, who committed suicide by hanging himself after being mugged in his school by a classmate.
These are some consequences of bullying which; unfortunately, will be increasing if the community doesn’t intervene in this awful problem.
For these reasons, it is important that families and authorities take actions to prevent or to stop bullying soon.
Students sometimes learn bad habits from their own friends and families.
Therefore, if they are not educated, they will think that it is correct to solve problems in this harmful way.
Nowadays, the level of cases of bullying in school is increasing at an alarming speed because nobody is taking any measure to stop bullying.
Today is the beginning, but tomorrow could be too late.
Somethings ..
I sometimes think: "I cannot do this, to try and study many languages ".
Why do I say this?
Because sometimes, I forget some words in other languages, or I can't translate some information in foreign languages.
I have read many things in English lately: songs, mangas, or I try to read stories in English and it's very hard.
It sounds very depressing ( I know it !!
>-< ), but ..
I don't know ...
I must try to make a lot of effort!!!
To try to learn another language is very difficult, but, I have to get on in my studies !
I'd really like learn faster !
>.<
But I need more energy, motivation, effort!
In the future, probably I will know English very well ( Japanese too ).
Later, maybe I will be more relaxed and happy, because all my efforts will give great results !
Thanks for reading this text ^^
Bye !
The concert was canceled
This week, everything is going very well..
But last Wednesday, I learned by Internet that Kagrra's concert was canceled because there was a problem with some visas. U__U
I was excited, I really like Kagrra. U_U
It's very sad.
I have to take my tickets back tomorrow, because Kagrra's organization will give a refund.
I'm very sad.
Introducing myself
Hello everyone :) My name is María Jesús, a.
k.
a Mapachita.
I'm 20 years old and I live in Chile.
I study English Pedagogy at the University of Magallanes and i'm in my first year.
I have a little daughter, her name is Victoria Isabel.
You can see her in my profile photo :3
You can see her in my profile photo :3
I decided to join this community because I want to improve my English and have the chance to speak with native speakers.
I decided to join this community because I want to improve my English, and to have the chance to speak with native speakers.
I'm also learning Japanese, but for some strange reason I can't install the option to write in Japanese on my computer...
so xD
Thank you for reading :D 
See you later.
Traslate this
How a girl's stark words got lost in the spectacle.
Cabezon
h
Traslate
Browning the church
My first  entry.
Hello everyone..
This is my first entry on Lang-8, so I won´t strain myself too much in the writing length.
This is my first entry in Lang-8 so I won´t strain myself by writing too much.
I'll do a brief presentation..
My name is Sebastián, I´m 33 and I'm from Argentina.
I live in Rosario, wich is a nice city about 300 kilometers from Buenos Aires (Argentina´s capital), which has around 2,000,000 inhabitants.
I live in Rosario, which is a nice city about 300 kilometers from Buenos Aires ( Argentina´s capital ) and which has around 2.000.000 inhabitants.
I´m a musician, a double bass player and also work in a perfumery wich I own with my mother and sister.
I´m a musician, a double bass player and I also work in a perfumery which I own with my mother and sister.
it´s very close to home so we don't have to travel far. Plus, we only work four to six hours a day, which allows us to have enough free time to do other activities.
Since it´s very close to home we haven´t got to travel; plus we only work four to six hours a day, which allows us to have enough free time to do other activities.
As a musician I play in differet groups, mostly jazz and tango ones .
In one of them we´ll be presenting the second cd on March 12th.
I´m so happy about it!
It´s modern tango music, but I also like other kinds of music like rock or classical .
The reason I started to study English is because I want to apply to work on a cruise ship and I need English for that.
That´s all for the moment.
I´ll be around here.
Greetings to all.
Sebastián
Just an entry
Hi, everyone!
:D!
I hadn't written here in a while.
Now, I'm on vacation.
I haven't done anything extraordinary since I was sick, until a few days ago.
What I did - and it was really nice - was go to a rock concert performed by local band.
They turned out to be awesome.
I had listened to their previous records, and knew some of their songs by heart, but being there was just unexpectedly great.
They're called "Caramelos de cianuro" (Cyanide candies) and here: http://www.caramelosdecianuro.net/ you can listen to some of their recent tracks; they're really nice, in my opinion.
Hope everyone is having fun n summer!
-Indramon
South park episode from last night :D
Yesterday i watched an episode from south park, it was pretty cool :) it was about that TV show called nanny 911.
Cartman was having a really bad behaviour and for that reason his mother decided to call a nanny to help her, unfortunately, the nanny went mad and there was no hope for cartman xD after all the "dog whisperer" went to their house and began to turn eric into a good boy, but when everything seem to be perfect, sheila -eric's mother- had a crush on the dog whisperer, but he go away, so she depressed and failed at changing cartman at all ;(
South park episode from last night :D
Yesterday i watched an episode from south park, it was pretty cool :) it was about that TV show called nanny 911.
Cartman was having a really bad behaviour and for that reason his mother decided to call a nanny to help her, unfortunately, the nanny went mad and there was no hope for cartman xD after all the "dog whisperer" went to their house and began to turn eric into a good boy, but when everything seem to be perfect, sheila -eric's mother- had a crush on the dog whisperer, but he go away, so she depressed and failed at changing cartman at all ;(
i want to improve my english
well......
i can say.....
im from mexico n i've some problems with the language coz i want to practices a lot n that's the reason look for a page at which help me.
i'd a friend she's from UK but she's not here anymore ......
it's like saying im not help
so friend please add me n help meee 
My childhood stayed there
My childhood stayed there, not in the classrooms neither in the corridors, but among the clouds of dust that were rising over the schoolyard.
There stayed the sun, round and yellow, that lighted eternal hours, the youth of my parents and the maturity of my grandparents; there stayed my innocence, the baby Jesus and the stork that was bringing the children flying.
Stayed there; my first love and my first disappointment.
My first fight and my first fear.
Stayed there; the death of my loved classmate’s mother and my uncle Julio; the crystal marble, the electric train and the bicycle that with all her love my grandmother gave me; an open smile, a sincere hope, the faith.
Stayed there the projected future of my life, stayed there my childhood.
Stayed there, floating among the clouds of dust in that schoolyard.
The Discovery of America
The expression "the discovery of America" is usually used to refer to a Spanish expeditionary group that sailed to America representing to the Catholic Monarchs of Castile and Aragon. They departed from Port of Palos, commanded by Christopher Columbus and arrived on Friday 12th of October, 1492 at an island of the Caribbean Sea, called Guanahani.
The discovery of America is usually used to refer to a Spanish expeditionary group that arrived in America representing the Catholic Monarchs of Castille and Aragon, departing from Port of Palos. It was commanded by Christopher Columbus and arrived on Friday 12th, 1492 on an island in the Caribbean Sea called Guanahani.
to refer to a Spanish expeditionary.... The way you are phrasing this is awkward. It would be better to say: "When people refer to the discovery of America, they usually refer to the Spanish.... " Or you could say: "In the minds of most people, America was discovered by a Spanish..." There are many ways of saying the same thing, but be careful with using the passive tense.
Christopher Columbus believed that he had arrived at the Asian Continent, called by Europeans “Indias”, and he died without knowing that in reality had arrived at an unknown continent.
Christopher Columbus believed that he had arrived on the Asian Continent, called  “Indias” by Europeans, and he died without knowing that in reality he had discovered an unknown continent.
Park part 3
Close to her there is a middle-age man with five small dogs, every morning he has a walk with his dogs.
He loves dogs more than everything in the world.
In his house there is a special room for the dogs with all that a man would like to have.
What luck that this dogs have!
Don’t you think so?
Park part 2
On the bench there is an old lady. She may be 85 years old and has no family because she is an only child and has not got married, so she has no children.
The few relatives she had, passed away in the war.
However, she has a lot of money but does not say it to anyone because she is afraid of meeting a malicious person,. Anyway she would like to leave her heritage to someone who really cares about her.
Knowing yourself (Part 2)
Self-awareness is an ability that lets us control our feelings and adjust them to the circumstances of each moment.
We should have the ability to calm down and get rid of anxiety, sadness, or irritability.
People lacking this ability face unpleasant tensions which destabilize and torture their inner conditions.
Those with this ability recover faster from the setbacks in life
Park part 1
Today is Sunday and I want to go to the park and get same fresh air.
As all Sundays there are many people in the park, each person has a different life and all come here to relax a little after a long working week.
Some others only want to have a walk.
The man with a white t-shirt is listening to the music while does exercises; now he is very sad, because his girlfriend has left him.
He has been changed by a younger and richer man.
What a pity!
On the other side there are a guy and a girl very happy, they just have meet two weeks ago, that is why now there are only hearts around them.
Oh life is beautiful!
Regarding the Spanish Language
Nowadays, the Spanish language is extended over the whole planet; it is the second most important language of the world and the third most spoken, with 400 millions native speakers.
Today the Spanish language has extended throughout the planet; it is the world's second most important language and the third most spoken, with 400 million native speakers.
Spanish, as it is known now, is the fruit of coalescence over more than a millennium, along of which the diverse languages of the Iberian Peninsula population had been modified by the Roman, Gothic and Arabian invaders’ influence.
Spanish as it is known today is the fruit of more than a millennium of development, in the course of which the diverse languages of the Iberian Peninsula population have been modified by the influence of Roman, Gothic and Arabian invaders.
Toward the end of the XV century, with the union of Castile and Aragon that extended their control over most of the peninsula, the Spanish language had been imposing over other languages and dialects and crossed the Atlantic for discoveries, conquering new lands, and building missionaries.
Towards the end of the 15th century, with the union of Castile and Aragon which extended their control to most parts of the peninsula, the Spanish language began imposing itself over other languages and dialects and crossed the Atlantic through discovery, conquest, and the work of missionaries.
Resilience: How to confront misfortune and adversity? Part 1
It is not yet clear to researchers what are the qualities that allow people to survive and  cope with such apparently hopeless situations as the onset of cancer, the death of a loved one, bankruptcy, sudden unemployment, disappointed love, or the experience of alcoholism or drug addiction in a  family member.
They believe it to be the result of resilience: the particular ability of those who possess it to survive a situation of this kind without letting it overcome them and drag them down.
Knowing yourself (Part 1)
The ability to know yourself.
The fruit of self-knowledge is that it prepares us to establish contact with our own feelings, differentiate them in order to guide our behavior.
This ability to recognize our feelings is the cornerstone of emotional intelligence.
Its verification is obtained by subjective introspection that lets us follow our feelings with attention.
Those who have more comprehension and a better, clearer certainty of their feelings, understand their own lives better.
English grammar
Once somebody told me.
"You know why you are having problems with english grammar?" I asked, "Why?"
She said, "The reason is that you are thinking in Spanish, that is why." You know what?
She was right, so I`m going stop doing that, and this will be my first journal without any help.
I think everything is going to be just fine!
Since I started with English grammar, like one week ago.
I have been making progress now I feel more comfortable talking with people whose native language is English.
I know it is going to be a long way, but I'm ready for it. I can face it!
Hey!!
Hi everyone!!
My name is Carmen Anahis Rodriguez Cervantes :).
I am 19 years old, and  I am from Cd.
Mante Tamaulipas.
I am studying to get myBA in Applied Linguistics! I love to just have fun and spend time with my friends.
I am creating this site for educational purposes!!
Walking by life 
Walking by life one finds so many things.
bays of hopes, tunnels of pessimism, forest of fears and beaches of enthusiasm, going on a pilgrimage by this existence, oneself discovers alleys without exit, beautiful combats and mistaken trenches, surprises that teach and absences that are appreciated; walking consciously by the life, we go becoming new apprentices, of those that always found  teachers and opportune teachings.
i will preserve the good apprentice, so that life continues being my best school……
I have created a new group here in Lang-8 (which is a great site).
This group is only about Spanish.
The topics will be about things you my already have learnt in class and also about things that you only can hear in real situations.
These are things that I speak about in Mexico every day and you can read or learn in textbooks.
I am mexican so the only thing I can write about is mexican stuff, not about Spain or somewhere else.
Join now, and enjoy everyday Spanish.
Hi all!
Could you please help me with some parts of this sentences.!
and what is its function.
Please help with this one.
Could you people help me with this grammatical parts that I don´t understand.!!!
Thanks!!!
Hi all!.
Today was a bad day also.
This morning while I was talking with my friends one of them said "hey, Trinidad is over there".
Then I said; she is with her friends and seems a little bit busy.
So, Elizabeth(one of my friends) said that she will go to talk to Trinidad ang come back WITH HER.
I told her: Nooo!
Don´t you dare!, but she BROUGHT HER.
Then I told her "hi, how are you"?
I am good, what about you she said.
I am good.
I am sorry she said, i am a little busy right now and I have class as well so i have to go.
Yeah, it´s ok.
We can talk next time.
She went to class and I stayed in front of the cafeteria.
After that, my friends were laughing about me.
I said that Elizabeth was a idiot.
Then after 2 hours i gave her a lotus origami flower when I saw her.
Thanks she said.
Now this thing was stupid.
Need? Japanese help with help.
I was studying my book when I found out that these two sentences have the same meaning, "help", but one is different from the other because it has different kanji.
In the first one you see that there is only "iru" and  in the second you can see that it is with "hitsuyou", but both meaning the same.
Also when I looked into the dictionary (jisho.
org) for the word help it appeared me that there are 3 ways to say it with the same pronunciation.
What is the diference between those three.?
Please give some examples in context.
This is my dairy.
This dairy is about my life but I call this dairy "love"
I will write here about the new girl I saw.
This week I saw her, this woman is really beautiful and I like her.
But today I couldn´t talk to her.
Therefore next week I will talk to her.
Present Field of Study
Graduated from the Department of Languages of the Autonomous University of the State of Mexico, B.
A.
in Languages with a major in English Translation.
The area of my degree is Humanities, divided in four different but clearly close related; Translation, Teaching, Literature and Linguistics.
Through the first year I was introduced to topics about linguistics and Mexican culture, stating since the very beginning what would be for the whole degree the main idea: language is liked to culture in all aspects.
Therefore by reinforcing our culture the courses improve in a second level our native language abilities.
Afterwards during the second and third years I attended to more specific courses that dealt with key points in the language learning process; from learning what is a word, in courses such as Morphosintaxys and Sociolinguistics, to the difference between two words with different morpheme and different meaning but same pronunciation (homophones), in courses like Phonetics and Phonology.
In the mean while I took courses such as Public Speech and Language and Communication that dealt more with the issues about how people uses the language in a non control environment.
The latter taught me the basis for understanding how the language can modify ones personality and vice versa, as well as the differences between learning a language inside the classroom and outside where there is no control or the idiom; distinction between to learn and to acquire.
Just like the degree requests it, during the first three years I received the basis of teaching and translation with courses like Teaching a Second Language, Language Acquisition and as for translation; Literary Translation, Technical and Scientific Translation, News Translation among others.
At the end of the third year I decided to take my degree into the translation field.
I attended to courses of dubbing and subtitling as well as interpreting where I received specific orientation in the differences of such topics and the relation these share in some points.
In the Literature area, we analyzed several major novels that had have an impact in their moment and that nowadays they are still affecting the way people thing.
In the relation between Literature and Translation we compared translations of books into different languages and how these translations affect the society that reads them using different types of translation; Modulation, Transposition, Literal Translation and Adaptation.
I deeply analyzed the pros and cons of Simultaneous and Continuous interpretation noticing the difference between translation and interpreting and making a close investigation of which is the best technique for every occasion.
URGENT!!! Please correct this for me.
When I was younger perhaps 10 or 11 year old I used to belive as the other kids in "Los Reyes Magos".(http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reyes_magos)  You know, you are a child, you don´t really think about what is  real or not.
I mean you think you can do everything you watch on the T.
V.
Well the point is that on that January 5th I went to bed and like always on every January 5th going to sleep was harder than ever.
I mean you know that you are going to recieve presents and you want to meet the people that left the presents below the Christmas Tree.
So I went to sleep when my mother told me off, saying that if I didn't do that "Los Reyes Magos" wouldn´t come.
The next morning I woke up, (earlier than I usually did) I went to the living room, and was quite surprised by a massive horse poop in the middle of the living room.
( it was still fresh by the way)
I was amazed by it. I mean the present wasn´t important now, the huge poop was!!!.
After I saw it, my brother and I went screaming back to my parents´ bedroom "Mom!!
Mom!!, the horse made poop in the living room.
Then when we came back the poop was gone, as if some sort of magic could have made the poop disappear .
So then you do believe that these 3 people existed, what other explanation can you make. I mean how can poop appear in the middle of your living room?
A few years later, my dad told us that he put it there that night before we went to bed. 
Thanks to all!!!!
Thanks for correcting this!!!
(This is going to be some sort of speech, so if you can change some words so it could sound better DO it please.!!!)
Every thing starts from....stupidness. The story of my life. Part 1.
When I was younger I used to love a girl, brown hair, tall, green eyes, smart, and partially stuck up.
I was in heaven when I saw her but something told me that she was not for me.
Deep inside I knew that.
All this happened in high school when I was in last semester (of 6) and she was in the  3rd semester.
She was the prettiest girl in the school (well at least for me and another 50 guys, the rest I didn't know).
I was in a high school band, (you know drums etc., which I played) flutes, saxes, and cheerleaders (she was there).
Smiling with gorgeous lips, her hair was moving like the waves in the sea. It was so hypnotizing that you just couldn´t stop looking at her.
Every session I was there playing the drums looking at her, and she knew I was looking at her, but you know girls. I don´t know what they are equiped with that makes you feel more attracted to them, but honestly they don´t show that they feel the same way.
You are like a toy to them!.
My birthday is coming and my friend were a bunch of salvage people and........
Don´t have words
There are more than 5000 languages in the world and none of them is exactly a copy of other.
All languages share tons of characteristics; they have verbs, adjectives, adverbs, a subject, pronouns, nouns, etc.
But when you compare languages in a deeper level their differences make a huge difference.
Languages are close related or not event related because of the language they come from.
Ones come from Latin and others from Germanic but even when they come from different languages they share quite a lot of aspects.
I personally think they all come from a common language nobody has ever discovered.
When somebody wants to learn a language, they use their native tongue in order to learn a second language so they have the basis to build on the structure of a new language.
Yet the main problem lies in some aspects languages do not share at all.
It may be that one language locates its verbs at the end of the sentence while the other set them at the very beginning of the sentence.
Some languages may not have articles and instead they use particles to cover this problem which at the end is not a problem but the way that language works.
Culture is close related to languages, because somehow culture is created by culture and culture is built in language.
So, the way people think is the way they see the world that surround them through language.
No one would see a world if they do not have a language first, due to the lack of previous knowledge.
Without the word “table” and the phonetic sound /(tā´bəl)/ this person could never know that this object (the table) is a table itself.
He may call it by his own personal way but what he would be doing in that moment is creating a language for himself in order to name things.
Concordantly, language is a social aspect the human life, and the agreement of use is something that people should do in order to settle a official language.
All the population of certain place should agree that table is “an article of furniture supported by one or more vertical legs and having a flat horizontal surface.”  So everyone could communicate and talk about tables.
But we all agree that in this world as, as we told before, there is not only one language and what is a table in English is a “mesa” in Spanish and “テーブル” (teeburu) in Japanese and none of them share even the same words.
Then how do these words mean the same but they are written using different characters?
The answer is quite simple, language have they own words to name things, as simple as that.
If a language would use words from other language to name every of its items, it may use as well use the same grammar and syntax and the result would be two identical languages which will end in a fusion of them and the creating of, not a new language, the same language.
That is why languages are so different and with it the way people sees the world.
As we said before, language share common characteristics but as they do this, they also have differences not only in their structure but in their vocabulary as well and this creates problems when learning languages.
Let’s say we have a word for “dad” in English and we use it just like that, to name the person we grew up with, who teach us what we know and who we consider our father.
So we call “dad” that person, using examples such as: my dad, his dad, her dad, etc.
But what happens when we want to learn the Japanese word for “dad”?
Well, we face the problem that they do not only have one word for “dad” but many.
All depending in the social status, the respect and the closeness you have with that person.
So here we have the same person who we would call “dad” in England or United States but that in Japan we should call him “ちち” (chichi), “あふ” (afu), “だいふ” (taifu), “ちちおや” (chichioya), “とうさん” (toosan), “おとうさま” (otoosama), “おとうさん” (otoosan), etc.
The later aspect does not mean the Japanese have more fathers than we do, but that they have different ways to call him taking in consideration details to name him that way.
It can be if he is my father or is the father of my friend, or if it is the father of my new friend.
All these characteristics are fully taken in consideration when Japanese people talk but when we do we just skip not because we lack the knowledge to notice them but because in “our world” we do not see this aspects in such a general and important way.
Not only we can talk about single items of vocabulary, but let´s imagine we have two people talking about colors, a type of red color to paint one the people´s house.
Then one of them says: I want the color red that we see every day when the sunsets.
That sentence “the color red that we see every day when the sunsets” could be described in Japanese with only one word but not necessarily using such a long sentence.
Why is this?
Because Japanese may see this color using one word because in “their world” that color does not reflects the sunset but just a color.
Japanese language has no difference between the colors blue and green and it is not that they do not have those two colors because they have them, but it is just that they have one single word to describe both (aoi).
Maybe because of the globalization they needed at some point to create a word to make a difference (midori) but it was because of necessity and not self creation that they did.
I personally think our language do not lack of word to describe things or have more words to describe things, it is just the way people see the word the way they call things.
It is their necessities what makes them create new words or have words to call thing we may not even need.
But when we do, we may use a previous created word or just invent one for ourselves.
Today I am a little bit sad.
This morning I was outside the cafeteria talking with my friends, and while I was talking with them Trinidad arrived with her boyfriend.
That is why I am a little bit sad.
So I think she hates me.
But the problem is that I still like her.
Now, what do I have to do?
Déjà Vu
As the other one this is another assigment from my school.
Create a short story.
Enjoy it and tell your corrections.
Thanks for reading.
Déjà Vu
I didn’t know were I was; everything was too dark too see further than 2 meters.
I knew this was going to be my worst night ever.
The only thing I can see is the stars on the sky, I think I have never seen too many stars, I mean you never realize how beautiful the sky is until you really look at it because in the city you are too busy to take a moment to do it.
I knew that I have to do something to survive this night.
Thanks God I watched those T.
V shows about living in dangerous environments.
First of all I had to create a shelter so I needed wood.
I went to see if I could get some but I realized that it would be just too dangerous to search for wood in the dark of the night.
So I remembered that in the bag pack I could rescue from the boat I had a lighter.
I searched it and there it was, the one that my wife had given me in our anniversary.
I was angry about myself, I knew that in that moment I could be sharing some time with she  but I was there trying to create fire from a wet stick I found near of the beach.
I remembered that the guy in the T.
V.
show said that you could not create fire from wet wood, but I was quite desperate that I tried so hard that fire just came from the wood as if some sort of magic  would made it.
When I had fire I started my search for more wood to create the shelter.
I could hear some sounds, weird sound that you would never hear in the city.
I found some sticks and came back to the beach where my fire was not at all extinct but I f I would  not came in that moment I would have to create more fire.
I started to create a shelter like the ones that you can see in the television, but what they do not tell you is that to made a shelter is harder than repair a car.
At the end I just set some stick over the others hoping that night the rain would appear.
If you wish something so much is like someone makes you a bad joke.
It started to rain; it was so hard that my shelter was on the floor right after the rain started.
I was wet, with no fire, angry, and the only think I could do was try to remember how I ended here.
My day started nice, sleeping next to my wife.
I tried not to make a movement that could make her wake up, I when to the kitchen and made breakfast.
She just came into the kitchen wearing that pajama I gave her when I was her boyfriend.
I prepared my equipment and I departed the apartment  just after my wife kissed my cheek, I really don’t know why she didn’t kiss me in the lips.
I was in the first place of the competition, and I knew that there was a huge difference between me and the second place.
Somehow at that moment I knew deep inside of me that something was wrong, but I was in first place and that was the important thing.
It started to get darker and darker, I turned on my light and I rested for a while.
I was so tired that I just slept more that I should.
When I woke up I was in the middle of a storm.
I knew that I had to do something but even when I moved quickly the disaster just appeared.
I crash my boat in rock and I just arrived to an island holding my bag pack on my back.
So there I was in the middle of nothing getting wetter and wetter.
At that point I could see anymore the stars, there were a lot of cloud that I could only see for a seconds when there was a thunder.
When I was almost getting sleep I heard a noise, a noise that I have never heard before, it was like a growl, like if someone were watching me and waiting to attack.
I was horrified I knew that if someone or something would attack me I would be in trouble, I had neither weapon nor fire to protect myself.
So I wait and the noise just disappears in the night.
The sun made me wake up; finally I could watch around me and see that there was jst threes as far as I could see.
My shelter was gone and my back pack just lying on the sand.
I made and SOS signal written on the sand.
And wait for about a couple of hours until a rescue boat saw my signal.
I was happy so I took my back pack and swam towards the boat.
They rescue me and gave me food.
They told me to rest a while so, I went to a little bedroom they had in the boat and fell asleep.
I dream about my accident and the way I could stop it.
If I only would checked the GPS I would knew that I was out of course.
I just fell sleep that I could keep thinking about what I did wrong.
When I wake up the next morning I was amazed, my wife was next to me sleeping and saying that she wanted to sleep 5 more minutes.
I could believe it all was a dream, a nightmare indeed.
I got up and when to the kitchen I started to make the breakfast and my wife came into the kitchen wearing just a t-shirt.
I got my equipment and left the apartment, everything was a déjà vu but something was wrong, my wife kissed me not in the cheek but in the lips, and in that moment I knew that I had to do something, so I asked the driver to stop the taxi, then I ran into the apartment and there she was lying on the bed sleeping until I gave her a kiss.
When she asked me why I didn’t go to the competition I just said “I don’t want to have sand in my pockets”,.
She didn’t understand why I said that but I was just happy to be sleeping five more minutes besides her.
Carlos Dionisio Bernal Juárez
Copyright 2009
Just a question!
I don´t know what this means, i think that they are names of temples but I am not sure.
What do these phrases mean.
Thanks!
My Hi5 profile.
Resident Evil: Degeneration
I was wondering something.
Resident Evil Degeneration is a Japanese movie but I have only seen this movie in English.
IS there a japanese version?
You said you wanna learn Spanish?
I am a Spanish speaker from Mexico which is quite important because Mexican people will correct your texts into Spanish talked in Mexico, not Spain.
In Spain they´ll say; He terminado el trabajo.
In Mexico we say;   Terminé el trabajo.
There are ample, ample of diferences between the spanish from Spain and from the one in Mexico.
And actually Spain they don´t speak Spanish ( they won´t say that theyspeak Spanish but "Castellano".)
Nevertheless is the same, Castellano and Spanish are the same.
Anyway I am going to write this because of  a simple thing, that most of people that is learning Spanish should know.
This is common in Mexico, Peru, Argentina, well all Latin America.
(I don´t know in Spain)
What is an Adverb?
According to the RAE (Real Academia de la lengua Española) an adverb is:
Adverbio.
(Del lat.
adverbĭum).
1.
m.
Gram.
If you don´t get Spanish enough the only part you must get is this one; PALABRA INVARIABLE (Invariable word.) So is a word you CAN¨T 
modify (let me laugh!
hahahahahahahahhahahahahah)
If you have been in Mexico or some country in Latin America, I bet you have hear the word "ahorita", and perhaps because of the compound of letters you might know that comes from "ahora" (now/ right now) but if you look it  into  the dictionary that word must be between "ahora" and "ahorcar" (to hang).
So is that a word?, yeah!!!!, is that an adverb?
Of course it is!!!!!!
Is it used in the common language?
Are you kidding?
Is indispensable to know that word!!!
This takes us to other problem (if you want to call it problem) the "diminutive" of the words.
In English we have a word like "little"  that helps us to say that the dog in little, "Ahh that little dog".
And in Spanish we have the suffixes "ito" and "ita", so if we want to say that the dog is little  we can say either: el pequeño perro or el perro chiquito/pequeñito.
So the diminutive is most common in Latin America, and is most realted with baby stuff and women, (this doesn´t mean that men can say it, you can, just that you must know when you can say it.
"If you want me to make a list when you can and when you can´t, just ask for it") and these "ito and "ita" sound lovely.
But ok, you can modify nouns, and adjetives, but ADVERBS?
Yeahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
you can!!!!!!
Well at least with "ahora" you can!!
Ahora=ahorita=Ahorititita!!!
You must be asking WTF is that!!!!
And you are right, WTF is that?
Well the only thing I can say is.....
that ahorititita is an adverb.
How can I learn words like that in every language, well, perhaps you have either of two options,; go to the country they say that, or get a girlfriend/boyfriend from that country.
Why this?
Because who uses this kind of words?
THE PEOPLE!!!!
and only the people, the user of that language, not the textbooks.
So get involve into the language enviroment.
And remember every language has dialects and every dialect has its own dialects.
And like a person in Peru answered to this question once: 
¿Cuántos hijos tiene usted?(how many children do you have?
= Tenguito solamentito dositos hijitos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(I little have little two little sons.)
WTF the verb is modified!!!!
You can modify everything but that doesn´t mean it is correct.
So if you are learning Spanish you have a long, long road in front of you.
Like me, I am learning Japanese and I know that I have a massive road in front of me.
Actually Spanish scary  me even when I am native speaker.
You don´t realized what you are talking until you start searching into the language, then you will notice that your language is not as easy as the phrase "la casa es azul" (the blue house).
Don´t give up and keep fighting, and you will get it.
So if you have questions about the Spanish language  spoken in Mexico, you can ask me, and I will respond you.
Life is a complicated word. the story of my life. Part 2
I was a normal boy with a normal life who went to a normal school.
I liked the color blue and action men toys.
I prefered the toys more than  girls
that was when i was around 4 to 6 years old
My grandfather had a ranch 15 kilometers from my town, and evey weekend me and my family used to go and visit with my grandfathers.
the ranch was nice with plenty of space, there were many kinds of animals there such as dogs, goats, ducks, birds, and a huge (well now it does not look that big but when you are a kid everything seems to be larger) field where we played football with my cousins who lived there also.
My grandpa bought some goats and put them in a big enclosure
and when my female cousin who is the same age as me came over, me and my brother played inside the fence with the goats.
We cut some sticks that the goats loved to eat and we put them in our pockets or just held them in our hands so the goats went wild.
They started to run behind us and we just ran faster and faster.
We called that "game" "Parque ChivoJurasico" (you know like Jurasic Park but with goats intead of dinosaurs, but in Spanish).
But unfourtantly everything ended when my granpa sold or killed the goats.
When I was not playing with my brother I was playing with my little niece who was just 4, while I was 9.
Playing hide and seek I fell off the wall and broke two bones in my arm
----From now on I will never climb a wall again until i know it is safe to do so
My academic life started to take a linely way, While I was at school I started studying English by taking a free course for kids, (I did not want to go but my mother insisted ,saying "You are going whether you like it or NOT") and that is how my English studies started.
After 6 years in primary school I advanced to elemetary where i stayed for 3 more years, where I...
(to be continued)
Hi all!
Today was a bad day.
I talked to this woman.
Once again she is beautiful.
Today´s plan was talking to her, and when I saw her, she was doing homework with her friend.
Then She went to the toilet with her friend and so did I.
I said "hi!, did you see my friends?, they are guessing your name".
Trinidad.
Nice to meet you!
After that I said bye.
Now she might think I am a idiot, and so do I.
Do you think I am an idiot for saying 
What do you think about what I did?
PLAY BALL!!!
This was an assignment we had in school, about writing a short story and I chose to write about the final game of the WBC.
This doesn´t mean that this was the original game.
I wasn´t there also, I just watched it on TV.
Play Ball!!!!
We finally arrived. It didn´t look like the seller said it would.
Two little seats, blue seats that weren´t that clean.
She had never really enjoyed dates like this, but I just wanted to be here so much. 
There wasn´t a cloud in the sky during the trip, but when we arrived the sky turned dark.
She was complaining about everything: there are too many people, it´s too nasty, it´s too cold, it´s too hot, it´s too everything.
I always wanted to be in a place like this, with a lot of people around of me, tons of food and  a big stadium.
She was complaining again about the seats we had, complaining that she couldn´t see well, that the players were too small to see their faces.
It was  getting darker and the lights were turned on, big bright lights.
They almost blinded me, and she was there complaining about them.
I wanted to see Ichiro Suzuki play because he is such a great player.
The game started with a big and loud "PLAY BALL" that everybody in the whole stadium but my girlfriend heard.
There were two little Japanese kids next to her playing with their plastic-sticks and screaming "NIPPON, cha chacha NIPPON" and next to me a Korean couple yelling something in Korean.
After the 7th inning it started to rain. Big drops started to fall and now she was wet, dirty and complaining about the weather.
The game was amazing, 1, 2, 3 strikes and the Korean player  was out.
She was now talking on the phone to her best friend, a very spoiled girl.
In the 8th inning I went to buy a hot dog; those hot dogs that you can only buy in a baseball stadium.
I brought her one and when she was holding it, one of the Japanese boys next to her hit the hot dog with his plastic.
stick and threw the hot dog into the air and all the ingredients fell on her jeans, ketchup, mayonnaise, the meat, onions, all over her favorite jeans.
She was angry and she yelled at the boys and their mother, but the only thing they replied was "Gomen nasai, Gomen nasai".
I think she was saying "Sorry".
There was a lot of noise, everybody cheering to support their teams, and in the 9th inning when the game was almost over a massive noise filled my ears: Ichiro Suzuki hitting the ball.
He ran towards first base, then second, and the ball flew through the air, crashing  against the big rain drops and getting wetter and wetter. 
Ichiro reached 3rd base and then I realized that the ball was coming towards me.
I took my baseball glove and raised my hand to catch it.
It was the best day of my life, I was going to catch a Home run hit from Ichiro.
The ball reached my glove and I got it but somehow - maybe because of the rain - the ball just touched my glove and continued on its way towards my girlfriend, who was still yelling at the Japanese family.
It all happened too fast, but I saw it clearly: my girlfriend got  hit in the head with the ball, and fell immediately.
Everybody was happy because Ichiro made the winning run.
I was scared but happy also because  I got the ball, but it laid on my girlfriend unconscious body.
After a few minutes she was Ok, but complaining about the hit and the big headache that she had now.
Finally we left the stadium and she was complaining about the traffic and her headache, but I couldn't hear her because I was amazed, admiring my autographed ball, signed by Ichiro when he went and saw how my girlfriend was.
Written by Carlos Dionisio Bernal Juárez
Copyright 2009.
Memoir 0.2
As one of my homework assignments, I have to write one memoir that had change my life If you are the girl in the story, first of all thanks for reading and secondly thanks for your friendship.
I chose this one:
Assisting to the high school was never too hard neither that easy but she changed it all.
I was in my way to the store outside of my school with one of my male friends, when he grabbed my right shoulder telling me to see the girl that  was walking next to her mother  on the other side of the street.
She looked amazing with her uniform.
I had never seen her before but I felt like I knew her from time ago.
As soon as she entered to the school I never saw her again.
It didn´t really bothered me.
I just forgot her.
When the new students arrived I realized that the girl I had seen before was in the crowd, she was there standing, talking.
My friends commented that she was a spoiled girl, nothing more than one of those gold-diggers.
I didn´t really heard them, I was just amazed with her beauty.
After that classes were not the same anymore, I had someone to think about, someone to dream about.
I knew that I was in love, I had fell in love with that girl since the first moment I saw her, but school was the first thing on my list so I couldn´t just stop being aware of homework and school activities.
Fortunately one day when some friends of mine and I were practicing a theatrical scene my friend´s sister appeared and right behind her the figure of what I´d never forget appeared too.
Tight jeans, purple t-shirt, black and purple tennis, curly hair.
She was there holding her handbag, staring at me with her mesmerizing green eyes.
I knew she wanted to talk with me because I felt the same.
Neither of us talk to each other, she left and I continued practicing with my friends.
I played drums in the band march, and she had entered as a cheerleader so every Monday, Wednesday and Thursday I could look at her doing her movements, so pretty so cute she looked.
I got in troubles one day because of my friends were disturbing others while they were celebrating my birthday.
So I was forbidden to assist to school for 3 days.
But my mother´s power made the director allow me to assist but doing community service.
And there was where I met her, the same friend´s sister  introduced her.
I still remember her face, scared face but pretty at the same time.
They left the room after a few minutes and I had got my change to become her friend.
The band march used to go to occurances, we traveled by bus and in one of those trips I was talking with another drumer about the cute girl, – I had her mobile number, but I had never sent her an message before – and about doing a bet.
The bet was about sending her a message saying how we were and wait for her to respond.
The winner would be the one who would recieve the message.
We both sent one message and she just respond mine.
Amazing the fact was, but scary too.
I wasn´t that good dealing with girls conversation, and I was even worse when I had to talk who made my heart beat faster and faster, so my skills were not the best in that moment.
(Like I say, do everything 10000 times plus one to become a master)
As soon as we got off the bus I saw her and she saw me too, neither of us talked to each other, even when I felt that I had to do it first I was freezed, I could go towards her and say “hi”.
I am an idiot at that point, and I know it.
Later when I arrived home I was so pissed off with myself that I sweared that I had to come closer and say at least “hello”.
As you might guess I couldn´t, and now we where in holidays.
We started sending messages each other, about 10 per day.
We talked so much of each other in two weeks.
I knew what she liked, she knew what I best did.
I knew almost everything of her, a great amount of information that might help me to came closer the next time I see her.
The day we came back to school, I saw her while I was doing some other things with my friends.
She was sat next to her female friend, they were right next to the main entrance.
We both saw each other, we both wanting to talk, wanting to someone to do the first step to the other one.
But I did nothing but watch her.
Her eyes were saying “come closer” but my legs said ” go away”.
She just saw how I got away from her.
That was my worse and biggest mistake ever made.
Since that moment the fact of talking to her became harder and harder, I mean I spoke to her many times but just for about 5 minutes every time.
Not a real talks.
I liked to ride bicycle, and one day I took my bike and made my way until her house with a map a friend had drawed for me.
It was not too clear to read but somehow I reach my destination.
I took my backpack and sliced a letter under her main entrance.
I wish she could read it.
She did it, and her mother too.
I not quite sure if that was good or bad but it couldn´t become worst.
But it did.
She never really said something about the letter and I never tried to talk about it neither.
Other day my frien and I went to the flower shop and bought a dozen of roses, red roses as beautiful as the green eyes girl.
The idea was that the roses should be delivered by the my friend´s little brother.
He did it, but my fear of talking to her was now bigger.
I didn´t talked to her that morning.
That day there was a basketball match, my friends and I were watching it, pretty bad game by the way.
Almost when the game was over I saw her, walking to the field, she looked too pretty, so beautiful.
I knew that I had something to do, “something”.
So I remembered that I had a little doll on my backpack, that I wanted to give her.
So while my friends were talking about the game my mind was running, thinking and when I saw her walking alone to the exit i took all my courage I had and said to my friends ” I´ll be back”.
I walked firmly but I couldn´t track her, suddenly while my mind was still thinking fast I remembered that she had a car and that she might be there.
I got to the parking slot and she was already on her way, I stood in front of the car and she stopped.
I walk towards the window of the car, I saw her and I said ” May I talk to you?”.
She said that she could talk to me, that she was late and she had other stuff to deal with.
I agree and let her continue with her trip.
Like if this was a movie, it started to rain, I became wet, and when she was almost out of the parking slot those red light seemed brighter than ever, she had stopped her car.
I walk towards the car and she asked me if I wanted a ride.
I was so happy she made that sentence that I was already on the car when I realized it.
The distance from the school to my home was just two blocks, but even when it was a short distance I felt like it was a huge distance, the time elapsed to slowly, and our conversation was too long for being just two blocks.
I took my backpack over my legs and took the little doll out.
I said “this is for you”.
She seemed happy, but I am not that sure, she was going through some sort of missing-mobile problem that she didn´t even talk a lot.
I prefer to think that she was just nervous about doing this.
Because I mean deep inside i felt that she felt the same for me as I did for her.
The trip ended at least for me.
And I arrived at home so happy  that day that now my fear of talking with girls that made beat my heart faster was gone.
I was a different person.
Unfortunately that was going to change after I received a message.
We talked more often, and became closer friends.
Those parties we shared were great, that little, tiny, beautiful and gorgeous kiss was amazing, even when it took just seconds I still remember it and wish I could do it again.
But times like those will never repeat.
And when you receive a message saying that our friendship is the closer thing we could have your heart cann´t handle it and brakes into pieces.
You know that somehow it is your fault that result, and after living a few weeks in a mean world you realized that that was a great reason to keep going and to try your best next time.
I am still in contact with that nice girl, she recently told me that in high school she felt something about me, I felt the same but neither of us said something.
Remembering is pitiful, but now  it  is the best you can do.
Revenge and courage is your best weapon against frustration and depression.
Hi all!
I was checking my DS Dictionary and I found that there are two verbs that mean change!
I don´t get the difference of these two and I don´t get either the way to use them, could you please tell me the difference and give at least two examples of how using them as well?
Thanks!
Well, Today I can talk from 6 to 11 o´clock (Mexico time) through Skype.
Therefore if you want to speak with me I can do it today.
My Skype´s nickname is linkf1
Bye
Hello
I need to improve my english
I need to improve my English
I need someone to corret this please!!
Two years ago I entered into the College and I am studying Dentistry.
It was really hard to leave the high school, my teachers, my classmates and my best friends.
My best girl friend and I were used to be always together, we were always laughing and enjoying every single moment at the school.
The teachers used to separate us in the classes because we were always giggling.
Every time I was in troubles she used to help me and support me.
When the classes finished I was really sad because I knew I would not see her frequently.
I got used to be more independent and affront my problems by myself.
When I entered into the College I felt sad, and I used to call her every time I could.
Then, I understood that it was a new stage in my life and I would meet more people and new friends.
We still talking and having a lot of fun.
We are used to call us once or twice a week and I know she will be always my best friend.
Hello?
Hello.
I've just signed up on here because I want to learn English.
I don't know a lot of english. I studied it in school but I never learned it that much.
My friend knows some English and when we go on trips I need her help with everything.
I've found this webpage and I thought that it was a good way for me to learn English at last.
My problem is that I don't understand this page very well. I think that it is similar to facebook, no?
But I don't have facebook yet.
This is all for now. The truth is that writing this text has been hard for me.
Thanks a lot and see you
Womad
Tomorrow I will go to Caceres because there is a music festival there.
It´s a world music festival in a medieval city and it´s free!!
I have been there three or four times (veces, en  español Yes) before but it´s been 4 years since my last visit.
I´m very happy because I think that the WOMAD is one the best festivals of Spain.
There are a lot of people at the event and almost everyone is happy (¿Cómo se dice de "buen rollo" en inglés?).
I will arrive there tomorrow afternoon and I want to party until sunday.
In the evening there are concerts and there are workshop during the day.
Next week, I will try to tell you how it all was.
Now I have to go to prepare my bag.
Goodbye
Insomnia
I was sleepping and then I woke up in the middle of the night.
I have tried to sleep but I haven´t succeeded and now I´m trying to speak/write in english at 5 AM!!!
If my english teacher.
It has to be seen to be believed.
Good night and sweet dreams. I'm going to try to sleep again.
First Entry - Introducing Myself
Hi 
My real name is Claudia and I'm a 20-year-old chilean translation student.
A friend in my university recommended me this website, and it seems really helpful.
I think it's a nice thing to help and to be helped, so I'll be around as much as I can.
As said before, I'm a translation student, and I'm in my 3rd year.
My mother tongue is Spanish and the languages I'm currently studying are both English and Japanese.
I'm a former student of Portuguese (which I studied for 2 years) and German (only one semester), but I really want to keep learning these two in the near future, along with the ones I'm studying right now.
I'll be super glad to help whenever I can!
Japanese entries coming soon ;) since I think I'll really need help there xD.
paragraph 1
Probably many people would like to change the experiences they had in the past but in my case, I would not change a single thing.
I have been through so many things that made me who I am now.
Since I was a child, I learned to do all by myself.
My mom used to work all day so she never helped me with my school homework.
Whenever I had a doubt about my homework, I used to check all the books I had around, even the ones that were not mine.
It was really interesting, though.
Also, I had a lot of cousins to play with, which included being bothered by them.
It was awful.
Listening to five other children joking and laughing at you is never a good experience to remember, but it made me stronger and I learned to defend myself.
I remember I used to cry a lot until my grandmother told me to talk them back.
It had its benefits, though.
I was my grandfather's favorite so he always protected me and gave me everything I wanted.
The last experience I am going to share with you is something that we all go through in our lives.
I had really bad friends in the past.
Most of them talked to me just because I was a good student, others pretended to be good friends and talked about me behind my back and finally the ones who tell you that they would do everything to help you and then, when you need them, they just leave you alone.
That made me realize that I should try to know people well before I get to trust them.
In conclusion, those bad things that I went through in the past made the person who I am now and I would not like to change anything.
Mayra Casas
Hi, my name is Mayra and I want to improve my English.
I am studying Applied Linguistics and I would like to have some information about this field.
For example:
journals
essays
My intentions
This is my first letter in this web..
Actually i don´t have idea how is working, but i think is very interesting the fact that people around the worldl could help each other.
I am triyng to improve my english writing because i want to do the toefl test as all people know i need 550 points to be considered as candidate in a foreign university.
Exposición sobre enfermos de lepra en Japón
De Tensei Jingo 
No hay una enfermedad mirada con tanto prejuicios absurdos que la lepra.
Se decía que fue por castigo de Buda, sudiedad de linaje, que fue fácil de contagiarse, no se curara, etc.
La historia de descriminacion vergonzosa pregunta la "madurez" de la sociedad y los individuos.
En el museo de la lepra situado en la ciudad de Murayama, Tokio, al una exposición especial titulada "con el corazón despedazado",  puse mis manos en mi corazón.
Se presenta los datos registrados de los niños obligados a internar en los asilos de varias partes de Japón debido a esta enfermedad.
La exposición se realiza hasta finales de noviembre.
Se puede ver sus inquietudes por alejarse de la familia, por el personal vestido con la ropa blanca preventiva mediante las redacciones que dejaron.
Al principiios de edad Showa, el aislamiento obligatoria de los pacientes de lepra fue la política nacional.
las prefecturas competían de erradicación, y llevaban los niños mintiendoles que podrían regresar pronto a casa.
Mientra iba a la escuela dentro del hopital, se enteraban de que ya nunca podrían salir de allí.
Este aislamiento sin razón continuaba hasta después de la segunda guerra mundial.
El único momento que se podía sentir feliz en la desesperación fue cuando se veía con su familia.
Hay unas frases hecha por una niña internada : Mi madre, cuando me vio, solo llamó mi nombre y se puso llorar.
Yo también, me puse llorar.
Traba de decir cosas que quería decir, pero no me salía palabras debido al llanto."
Las cartas fueron una manera de comprobar ser amada a persar de la distancia.
Una poema escrita por Chiyoko : una amigo que se apoyaba al pasamano, pensé vendar sus ojos, fui detras de ella con siligo, lloraba con una carta en la mano.
Failure after failure
Well...
it's me again, trying to cheer myself up after I received the last set of marks for some classes.
Can I just have failed four courses in such a disastrous way?..
Of course I can...
sometimes I think that I can't make it...
??? - are you lost?
Anyway, I must think positive like my friends said to me, but, can I really make it in the end??
So busy....
Sorry for being so "lazy" and not having written anything, but here at the University, it is becoming more and more difficult to take a break and rest.
Day and night I have been working on essays, making presentations, and teaching. Argh, it's so exhausting.
I wonder if I can finish this without going crazy or dying in the meantime...
I'll try to write more often, of course, if the University gives me a break
Help
Hello,
My name's Daniel. This is my first comment because I have just registered. I want someone to help me with my English because is it very bad.
Stay in Barcelona
I lived in Barcelona for 9 months.
Now, I feel very lucky for that.
I was living there because of a PhD scholarship.
It has been one of the most wonderful experiences I have had.
Barcelona is the most cosmopolitan city I have ever seen.
Barcelona is the capital of a province with the same name.
Its beauty is well spread out through the provence.
Its beauty is spread throughout the province.
These places are worth a visit, so visitors should not miss: El Palacio de Mont-Juic, La Rambla de Flores, Plaza Espanya, y Plaza Catalunya, El Barrio Gótico, El Parc Guell, La Casa Batlló, LA SAGRADA FAMILIA, el Paseo Marítimo, el MAREMAGNUM, el Puerto Olímpico, La Pedrera, el Palacio de la Reina María Cristina, and so on.
If you are going out of the city, Montserrat's Monastery is worth a visit.
Many people in Catalunya say that visiting Catalunya without visiting the Virgin Montserrat is almost as if you haven't been in Catalunya at all.
Believe me, it's worth a visit!
Finally, I think it would be useful to prepare your journey and you can fully enjoy one of the most beauty cities in Europe and overseas.
My First Test
Hello
This is my first test of wrinting English on this web site.
I need to learn English in reason of my work.
I am able to read technical publications but it is more hard with the regular read of books or newspapers, is easy to find another type of words on these publications not used usally in the technical books.
Beside this, the more harder part in the English language is the pronuncation (talk), the combinations of characters do not have the same sound that I can find in my native language and the same combination have a different pronunciation in others words, this is a nightmare for me.
Well I hope to find somebody that makes a review of this, I want to know how may mistakes I made on this.
Have a great day!
Bye
Letter for a friend
Dear Helena:
Happy Birthday!
I miss you so much, and I hope to see you as soon as posible.
I bought the t-shirt when I went to Rome for a school trip, I like it too. Everyone else bought a t-shirt saying, "ITALIA" and had an italian flag and blue bus. I disliked it, it was very boring.
The trip was fantastic, I enjoyed it a lot. Lucia and me had dinner with Carmen and Martina, and in the hotel I spent a lot of time in their room. One time, Carmen, a friend, and I counted, "One, two three!", and&nbsp;we jump in the bed and..
we broken the bed!
I would like to return to RH with everyone, except the sicilians of course. Also, about Cambridge Juniors,
I'm not quite sure if i can go there...
However, I talked with Clara and Lucia about your date, and they said that's not a problem, Patricia wants to go two weeks early (because of a boy who she likes) but I don't think that she will go alone.
One last thing...
I am going to visit you as soon as possible (You're my best penfriend ;D
All the best
Ines Martinez (Sign)
Do you believe in UFOs?
Hi, my name is Rafael Kanashiro. Last year on the discovery channel I saw a documentary, where a lot of people saw in the sky a pyramidal UFO in Russia, I dont know how they can believe this is true. Well, I need a lot of questions answered; when I make mistakes please correct me.
And leave your comments.
Eduardo
Hello everybody, I'm Eduardo.
I am from Mexico.
It has been 4 days since I arrived.
In my opinion, I like New Zealand because it is an opportunity to practice my English.
I also want to practice my French .ᑲ
My main language is Spanish.
In Mexico, I like to go to the beach.
There is a beach near my city and you can get there in an hour by car.
I like to hang out with my friends and go to night clubs with them.
One of the traditional foods that I like in my city is "tacos".
It is roasted beef with "tortilla".
I want Mexican food
Today, I want to taste my hometown's food.
I want it so much that I can smell it.
I could make me some tacos in my flat but it won't taste the same.
I miss my food.
Sick
Today, I am sick.
Someone in class shared his germs.
I have a headache.
Also, I have the flu and a sore throat.
I will rest tomorrow.
Then, I will go for a run through Mission Bay.
I will wake in the morning and see the sunrise.
I will feel the mist of the ocean all over my face.
I will gain muscle and burn fat whilst running.
I will eat healthily.
I will lay on the sand in the beach and take a deep breath then exhale it like I need to remove all the diseases in my body.
The beach will heal all of my diseases.
Monday
I am so excited because tomorrow, I will start my Foundation Year.
I chose Mathematics A&B, Physics and Chemistry.
I would like to pay for an extra subject.
The subject would be Art.
I am really interested in taking that subject because I would like to develop my artistic skills.
It will be six hours in total if I am able to take the extra subject.
Anyway, in my country I used to go to school from 7:00 am to 1:20 pm.
I am thinking right now about what the director of studies would say about the extra subject that I want to take.
I had already taken the other 4 subjects in my country previously.
It will be a good way to practice my English, but taking Art will help to improve my creative imagination.
Also, it can help me in my life.
Just wondering, I am planning to be an engineer so I need design skills.
These skills will help me to make glorious and magnificent structures.
Kuwait
I'm thinking to make a travel to Kuwait.
I want to know if there are camels.
I have blood of Kuwaiti.
Maybe I have some of Japanese too.
I only know from Kuwait that is a small country.
That they speak arabic.
That's all I know.
I would like to learn many words in arabic.
It would be cool.
Examination
I rarely study for an exam.
I will not study tonight.
I am happy, because it is fun not to worry about exams. 
I think I can do well. 
Maybe I can still stay at the same level, but I know I have improved my English since I came here.
If I could go to Foundation, it would be cool.
Anyway, I am not interested in going to Foundation this year.
I will do my best as what I have always done.
Good luck everyone!
Telephones
Telephones are the best way to communicate with other people around the world.
You can send and receive messages in a short period of time.
You can call anyone.
The signal is very strong in almost everyplace in the world.
The signal is very strong in almost every part of the world.
Telephones are cheap to buy.
The telephone has plenty of uses.
One of them is that in a mobile you can connect to the internet.
One of them is that from a mobile phone, you can connect to the Internet.
For instance, when you are lost in Auckland and you will need Google Maps to know exactly where you are without asking anyone in the street.
For instance, when you get lost in Auckland and you need Google Maps to know exactly where you are without having to ask anyone on the street.
Another use is listening to music.
For example, you are walking and it will be a very long way.
The music will help you pass the time while you are walking.
However, people are getting addicted to phones.
The games and the social media on them are causing people to waste too much time. 
People's brains are deteriorating because of these things.
Speaking Test
Today, I had a speaking test.
In my opinion, I didn't do very well.
First of all, when someone asks me a question about what you were doing in your hometown?
I always talk in the past tense, whereas I should talk in the past continuous.
Sometimes, I want to talk in the past perfect.
I am always confused.
My English needs more practice.
Rabbit
Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit.
This rabbit was big and pretty. You just said the rabbit was little. ;) Is it big or is it little?
A human came and kicked it, the poor rabbit flew far away.
The poor rabbit flew far away.
It impacted with a tree, then fell down.
Another rabbit saw what happened and started to bite the human.
This human started to run because he knew that he was a bad guy.
The End.
China's Pollution
Today, I saw a documentary about China's pollution.
In my opinion, there is a lot of pollution over there because manual labour is so cheap.
Most of the companies overseas put their factories there.
I have an Iphone which says that it is designed in the United States and assembled in China.
This is obviously because manual labour in China is much cheaper than in the United States.
Also, There are a lot of Chinese people.
The country is over polluted.
What I have learned in history is that the Chinese people had always been dominated by other regions so their culture is different in different parts of China.
The government should do something to reduce the pollution over there.
Yesterday
I went out yesterday with Mohammad, Allen and Salah.
We played pool.
It made me very tired.
I want to sleep right now.
I went to sleep at 2:00 am today and woke up at 10:00 am.
I am writing at school right now.
Mohammad is next to me.
He does not know that I'm writing this.
Lang-8
I have been writing in Lang-8 for about 1 month.
In my opinion, I had made an improvement in my English.
I have been choosing very specific the words for my writings.
I am going to write plenty of diaries in Lang-8.
Today's Exam
I am a little confused with a question that was in my exam paper.
I am a little confused with a question that was on my exam.
The question asked me to write down the phone number of Susan.
The question asked me to write down Susan's phone number.
I wrote that there was not a number because in the listening section the recorder said the mobile number.
I hope that I am correct.
Internet Cafe
Today, I went to an internet cafe.
I saw a guy who was sleeping in a chair while I was walking to get a computer.
I was laughing inside of myself.
I wanted to take a picture of him.
The internet cafe is okay.
It needs to be cleaned to get that feel spirit inside. I'm not sure what you mean by "to get that feel spirit inside".
It is not as expensive as I thought.！
Hello everyone!
How are you?
Two days ago I bought a book.
This book contains photos.
The name of this book is "Soñar con Japón", and it's beautiful.
In this book we can see one hundred photos.
Spanish people created this book.
We can see here photos from Tôkyô, Ôsaka, Kôbe, Hiroshima and Miyajima.
The book is expensive, but it's also very good.
If you can, take a look at it.
See you!
Hello everyone!
It has passed a long time since my last entry!
How's going to you?
3 days ago, July 14th, it was my birthday.
Now I am 19 years old.
This day I went for a walk with a friend.
She doesn't have a lot of money, but she invited me for an ice-yogurt (and I really appreciate that).
Later we went to some libraries because we wanted to buy some manga and books.
It was a really good day!
Now I'm learning to drive cars, because I need to drive ( would almost say that I must do it).
In my city I can take the bus, but the Faculty where I go it's quite far from my house.
I don't like driving, but the driving license is useful here, in Japan, America...
everywhere.
So I will put my effort on it!
Lately, I've bought some manga, comics and books.
The name of the manga is Abara (from Tsutomu Nihei -->にへいつとむ).
Even being expensive, it's really good.
The comic's name is Nineteen Eighty Five.
This is an American comic, and it's really good and interesting.
A lot of Marvel characters appear here, such as The Incredible Hulk, Electro, Spiderman, Captain America, Juggernaut...
The book's name is Pulp Fiction.
Pulp Fiction is a movie, but it has also a book version.
It's not a long book, but really interesting.
Maybe you have seen this: I buy a lot of manga, books and comics.
Well, this is because I really like to read.
I think that you can always learn something from a book.
Well, see you next time!^^
Hello!
It has passed a long time since the last time!
How are you?
Yesterday, I came back to my house.
The last week I went to Madrid, because my brother is working in a hospital on Madrid's mountains.
He was very happy because we went to visit him.
The next day, we went to Madrid because I wanted to see a friend of mine.
And I could!
I went for a walk with my friend and we talked about a lot of things.
He is a good friend.
The next day, we went to Segovia.
This city is beautiful, but very small.
In this city, I bought pants and a lot of food.
Also, I had some fun there with my family.
Later, we went to Ávila.
These cities are in Castilla y León, near from Madrid, so we coud visit them easily.
But yesterday we came back, eventually.
Travelling is funny and very interesting, but also expensive.
The next time I want to see the whole city of Madrid.
See you next time!^^
Introduction
I am a current student of New jersey Community College.
Currently I'm taking ESL level V in writing.
This is the highest level and the last one.
At this point, I realize that writing in English can be the most frustrated experience that I have never had in my life.
First of all, I heat write in English, because it makes me have a lot stress.
I hope this program can help me to improve my writing skills.
The pleasure of reading in my classroom is impressive
My classmates are used to reading everyday because they love doing it.
It does not matter if it is a book or a magazine, they read it because they want to do it; nobody forces them to do so.
They are interested in different topics, for example, novels and romantic stories.
When they are reading they usually imagine that they are part of the story.
Depending on the story they feel happy, sad or excited.
Reading is a very good way to spend time and is a habit that we should practice more.
One day with my friends.
The last weekend I went to Naolinco with my friends. We had a crazy day, but first we went to Los Lagos.
Last weekend I went to Naolinco with my friends. We had a crazy day, but first we went to Los Lagos.
Los Lagos is the most famous place in Xalapa.
While I was waiting for my friends , we fed the ducks that were swimming on the lake.
While I was waiting for my friends , we fed the ducks that were swimming in the lake.
I like this place but lately it has lost popularity as an attraction.
I like this place but lately it has lost popularity as an attraction.
After my friends arrived we went to Naolinco.
After my friends arrived, we went to Naolinco.
We went to the Patronal Party which is celebrated on September 15th.
We joined in the dance called "Moors vs Christians": The Moors are the people who wear fancy costumes: cowboys, devils, woman, clowns, skeletons, etc.
We were dressed up like devils.
We were very tired when finished but also very hungry so we ate gorditas and chiles rellenos.
We finished very tired but also very hungry so we ate gorditas and chiles rellenos.
We spent three days in Naoilinco.
On the third day we went to buy shoes.
The Naolinco's people make shoes and use all kinds of leather such as ostrich, crocodile, snake, bear, deer, etc.
The Naolinco's people tha make shoes use all kinds of leather such as ostrich, , crocodile, snake, bear, deer, etc.
The Naolinco are a people that makes shoes using all kinds of animal skins, such as ostrich, crocodile, snake, bear, deer, etc.
I asked them for a special model.
I asked them for a special model.
They were very kind and gave me a discounted price.
They made me feel at home.
My friends and I bought a lot of souvenirs for our relatives.
We went back but in the middle of the road the car ran out of gasoline.
Driving back, the car ran out of gasoline in the middle of the road.
So we parked the car in a very quiet place.
We looked for help there but we didn't find anyone.
We looked for help there but we couldn't find people anyone .
We walked over a wide path and we found a place full of trees .
I took a nap while my friends were still looking for help.
I took a nap while my friends kept looking for help.
When I woke up my friends had found a ranch near that place.
When I woke up my friends had found a ranch nearby.
There lived some very kind people who gave us gasoline so we could back home.
There were very kind people who gave us gasoline so we could go back to our homes.
There were some very kind people who gave us gasoline so we could get back home.
It was very exciting. I won't forget that day.
It was very exciting. I won't forget that day.
It was very exciting. I'll never forget that day.
Hello people!
Hello everyone!
I'm an English student in Mexico, and I'd love to help foreign people who are learning or want learn Spanish. If I can help them, I'll do what I can, to the best of my abilities. I hope those people can help me with my English.
Have a nice day!
Kisses!
Thoughts of June.
I wrote this at the midnight, I couldn't sleep while i was thinking.
I remember the first time I saw you...
you were talking with a girl in spanish.
I stare you amazed , I wanted talk with you but I didn't know your name.
I used to see you until you disappeared from my view.
Sometimes I walked into people and walls while i was looking for him.
2010 finished , I returned to school .
I remember that day, January 31st, 2011. I came into the classroom, I greeted some friends that I had met the last term.
When suddenly, I saw you talking with a girl about your country and your language, and I thought, "Oh my god this is a dream, I can't believe it , he's in my class!!"
I sat down next to him and we started to talk, that was the best day of my life.
I loved when he called my name just to ask me something he didn't understand.
I loved when he stared at me trying to understand what I was saying, I regret never telling you that I loved you, because now I can't. You're far away and I miss you so much.
I haven't writen for a while.
I haven't written for a while.
Hello my friends!
How are you?
I haven't writen for a while, because I have been really busy the last month.
I haven't written for a while because I have been really busy this past month. Or, "really busy since last month."
Especially because I have a lot of homework and the semester is ending.
Recently my English teacher had left me so much homework that, I haven't sleep well.
Recently my English teacher has been giving me so much homework that I haven't been sleeping well.
Well the semester is ending soon, and I hope to get a good grade on my exam! Or, "do well on my exam."
Have a nice day, everyone!
The aliens of Venecia.
One day a couple of aliens that lived in Venecia very happy saying in that country because they liked the water and Venecia was the perfect choice for them because the place they were lived was habited with mushrooms that they ate everyday.
In the mornings the aliens went out to see the beautiful enviroment and watched the square of "Saint Marcos" because they were saying that San Marcos was his creator.
But one day the water in the city  of Venecia was going down and the little aliens needed to think in another place to live, then they thought that it would be good if they went to live to the city of Xalapa known as the city of flowers.
In Xalapa they were very happy because in that city lived a magician and he tought the art of the magic.
The name of the magician was Harry Potter and he was very populas in the school of Howards that is situated in the middle of the "parque Juarez".
But Harry needed to go tyo another place because he worked in the anthropology museum doing tricks of magic awaking the fossils and the Olmecs heads.
They were very sad because evey thursday in Venecia they always have a social event and they wanted to do one here in Xalapa.
For lucky of them the people in Xalapa is very warm and they help the aliens that want something that remember his own town, and the vestival was great.
The people of Xalapa decided to do all the Thursday the day, better known as "Venecia's Event".
And they were happy fot the rest for the rest of their li9fe spending the time eating in the restaurant "Los Tecajetes" because it had the delicious mushrooms that they liked and Harry was his friend for life.
This is fiction.
Forrest Gump
This is my favourite movie.
I have seen it a thousand times and I never get tired of it.
Although it is an old movie, not everybody has seen it.
I love the story because it is very interesting and has a good message.
This movie stars Tom Hanks and Sally Field.
At the beginning, he seems like a stupid boy, but actually he is very intelligent- he is a genius!
He falls in love with a girl named "Jenny" (Robin Wright Penn) who helps him to be stronger and never give up.
The film is full of important American events such as The Vietnam war and others.
Although he moves on with his life, Forrest is always thinking about Jenny.
At the end she dies, but she gives him a good son as his father. I don't understand "a good son as his father."
I'll never forget the phrase that his mother said to him : "Life is like a box of chocolates"
My favourite place.
This place is very calm, it has a lot of mountains full af trees.
This place is very calm, has a lot of mountains and is full of trees.
Here you can find many species of wild animals.
There is a wide path where you can't walk for a long time. Can or can't?
At the end of that path there are five cherry blossom trees. I love those trees, especially when the petals fall off.
I could sleep there forever.
The only sounds that you can hear are birds singing and the water of the river.
It is the best place to hide from someone or something , because nobody can find you.
Although sometimes it is lonely, sometimes the people go there to practice exercise, or some families have a picnic there.
Although sometimes it is lonely, sometimes the people go there to exercise, or some families have a picnic there.
When I'm bored I feed the ponies that live in a ranch near this place.
I sometimes ride a pony that is really funny. Are you trying to say that the pony is funny? Or that the experience of riding it is really fun?
At night you can hear the beautiful frogs' song.
It sounds like a concert of frogs.
When you get hungry you can fish in the river or pick fruit.
This imaginary place would be perfect for camping with your friends, having fun and relaxing.
A message.
This is a message for my friend :D
Dear Laura
How are you?
Time no see!
I miss you a lot.
I hope we can see each other this April.
There are a lot of things that I want to tell you.
I have met a Chinese boy, he's in the same class as me.
And since the moment I saw him I fell in love with him, but he doesn't know anything about my feelings and I don't know if I should tell him.
What should I do?
And now the problem is gotten worse because there is other Chinese boy and he likes me too but he doesn't talk to me.
I'm crazy because I am thinking about two boys at the same time!
But you know how I am.
Anyway tell me about whats going on with you!
How are things in Mexico City?
Reply soon!
I need advice.
Love,
Janet
I had a bad dream.
One day my parents went away for the weekend .
I was in my room with my niece watching TV on a quiet night , when suddenly we heard a strange sound coming from outside the house and we both screamed. My niece was shaking and she hugged me tightly so I talked to her trying to calm her down.
I went out of the house and took a look to see if maybe I could find something and I was shocked when I saw a spaceship land in my garden. I felt so scared I ran to my bedroom, I called the police but they didn’t believe me, I didn’t know what to do. My niece was crying and crying and I was really nervous so I called my parents but they didn’t answered because they were having a good time in Mexico City.
Then I called my uncles and they believed me.
So I took my bike and rode to my uncles’ house but the spaceship started to follow us and we screamed out in fear in the streets.
I didn’t want to turn back so I was riding very fast but I didn’t realized that my niece wasn’t behind me.
I stopped and remembered that I had left my niece in my house.
I returned for her but she wasn’t there. The spaceship had abducted her and I screamed and cried out desperately. I didn’t believe it.
Suddenly my alarm rang and I woke up crying with my beautiful niece sleeping next to me.
Thank God eveything was just a dream.
I told my mom about my dream and she only laughed at me.
Stray Dogs 
This have been a big problem in Mexico for many years because people is very irresponsable and don't take care of his pets.
They don't sterilize them and when their pets are old or sick they abandon them in the streets.
That's why some dogs causes problems  or attach people.
I think that it is not their fault because they should be protected for institutions and give them a home.
But some people say that they should be killed because only cause problems and gets dirty the streets with their poop.
And If a dog attacks a person does not know who to claim damages.
Many dogs has been poisoned for this reasons and I think this is unfair because people have to be more sensible and understand that is not their fault and if they don't want animal that do not buy it because they only suffer.
My result in English is uncertain.
Hello everyone!
I'm a bit nervous and sad, I don't know exactly how I feel but I'm not satisfied with my result in English. I got a bit nervous when I spoke with another girl about my vacations because we had to speak for 5 minutes and we spoke only for about 2 or 3 and I didn't remember the words that I had to say.
And in vocabulary I forgot 3 words,  I hope don't fail this exam.
Tomorrow is my English Final Exam.
Hello everyone!
I'm a bit nervous because tomorrow is my Final English Exam, and I also have to speak in English with another person.
I'm a bit nervous because tomorrow is my final English exam, and I have to speak in English with another person.
I haven't studied many vocabulary and that section is very important in the exam,but I have not had time to study vocabulary yet.
I haven't studied a lot of vocabulary - which is a very important section on the exam - but I don't have time to study vocabulary anymore. 
So I don't know why but when I have to speak with another person in English and the teachers are in front of me, I get nervous.
I don't know why, but when the teachers are in front me while I speak English, I get nervous.
I hate it when that happens.
So this time I'll try not to get nervous and I'll do my best!
Spending the week.
Hello everyone!
I'm a bit bored because school has finished and i don't have anything to do. All my friends have returned to their hometowns. I'm studying away from home, so I will spend the week here because one of my best friends is coming to Xalapa (the city where I'm studying now) to spend the weekend with me. We're going to an anime expo and I'm going to sing in Japanese. I'm preparing my performance hahaha.
I'm a bit bored because the school have finished and I don't have nothing to do . All my friends have returned to their hometowns (I'm studying out of home) so I will spend the week here because one of my best friends is coming to Xalapa (the city where I'm studying now) to spend the weekend with me. We're going to an anime expo (Japanese cartoons) and I'm going to sing in Japanese, I'm preparing my performance hahaha.
At the moment I'm going to practice my Japanese and my song :D
I hope everyone is having a great week :D
Slavery
Slavery is an unfair human condition that has existed in our world.
The wealthy pale complexioned people used black people as slaves.
The slaves did not have the opportunity to enjoy their freedom.
Most goverments have forbidden slavery but unfortunately, there are people who are still victims of this trade.
Homework.
What do I feel?
What did I learn?
In this period, I  learned a lot of interesting things about all the themes that my classmates explained.
I learned new vocabulary that I didn't know.
I think the most important thing in a presentation is the vocabulary that you learn.
And the other thing that I must learn is not be afraid when I speak in front of people.
Although I feel a bit bad, and disappointed of myself because I've decided to be more responsible with my homework and I didn't do it.
In both presentations, I didn't make an effort to get a good note and I know that I could have done it better but I didn't, but also, I didn't receive the support of my team.
If I was lazy, they were lazier than me.
That's why I've learned that I've got to work harder, if my team don't do anything, I've got to do it because the note is important, and I guess that I have to do it by myself.
On the other hand, I felt very amazed about some classmates. They did a wonderful job and I felt envious of them because I'd love to do it in the same way or better.
But I promise that the next time I'll make an effort and I won't trust in my teammates.
The Best Restaurant in Xalapa.
I live in Xalapa, a nice city in Veracruz, Mexico.
I usually go to have dinner with my friend at a restaurant called "Itacate" .
I usually have dinner with my friend at a restaurant called "Itacate" .Traduce
In that restaurant you can find typical Mexican dishes, and they are very delicious!
The price isn't high and the service is good.
You also can go there to have breakfast. Ah, they give you free coffee, and free refills!!
Itacate's has a great atmosphere, if you visit Xalapa this is the perfect place to have dinner!
Itacate's has a great atmosphere- if you visit Xalapa, this is the perfect place to have dinner!Traduce
Are you following me on Twitter?
Hello Everyone!
If anyone from Lang-8 is following me on Twitter, please send me a message because sometimes I don't accept the requests because I don't know who the person that is following me is.
So I hope we can be in touch on twitter!
Have a nice day!
:D
Intro
Ok, let's do this
my first day here.......
I really like all the languages, especially English; I hope that this diary will help me to improve my skills...
After i finished high school, I went for 5 months to the US to study english in California.......
what a great experience!!!!!, too much fun,,,,,,i met so nice people there, some of them are very good friends of mine, and i still chat with them....
since that time i'm in love with other languages and cultures.
So today, i was looking for good ways to practice my english in an interesting way- watching movies, chatting, and talking are very good ways aren't they?
hahaha
Good night and thanks for reading,
c u soon
HELP ME PLEASE!!!
I NEEG THAT SOMEONE READ MY COMPOSITION AND CORRECT IT PLEASE IS VERY IMPORTANT.
THANKS A LOT!!
XOXO
More days before vacations D=
Hello!
u_u I'm sad, I have to go to the school 7 days more because i lost 3 days for the celebration of the "cumbre iberoamericana" (i don't know if have translation) the presidents of south and center america and the king and queen of Spain come to the country to disscuss somethings about development.
I went to the opening of the event, the event had a length of three days, so that ended yesterday, it was a really good experience I enjoyed the opening of the event.
Now I'm going to study for my final quizes and then I hope to rest a lot!.
byebye.
Hello :D
Hello!!
Today i took my Microsoft Office Specialist test and I passed it!!.
I'm very happy because I thought that I wouldn't pass.
Well now I'm completely free!, no school and no more quizzes.
I want to study more Japanese on my own, but it's hard if you don't have somebody to teach you or tell you if something is wrong but I will try =D.
Well I'm going to continue playing xD.
Bye
Hi again
Hello!!
It's been a long time since I've been to lang-8.
But here I am again and I would like a lot of help!
I've learned a lot by reading some of the profiles here.
Some day, I will write in Japanese. But for now, only English.
This week i'm going to be very busy because i have a lot of homework to do x.
x.
The most difficult is make the book for my social service but well i have no option.
Now, I'm going to watch some anime. *0*
Please correct my mistakes 
See you later!
Time goes by so fast!
Hello there :)
It has almost been a year since my last entry here in Lang-8.
I did my TOEFL test last November and since then I haven't practiced my English at all!
I feel like I've forgotten of many words and structures.
So I decided to begin writing some entries here in order to not forget how to write in English!
I've a pretty bad memory you know.
:P 
BRIEF HISTORY OF A. F  ROSSI
Well, i'm going to end my first year of preparatory in 10 days!
I'm happy!, but I want to practice my English in vacations.
So i hope that someone can help me to correct the following excercise:
Exercise 174   Use only the words since, for,   ago, in,   on,   and at in these sentences.
A  BRIEF HISTORY OF A.
F.
ROSSI 
Mr.
Rossi was born in Genoa, Italy,  He was      
Born on March 15, 1907 at midnight.
He lived in Genoa for eight years.
Then he moved to Rome in 1915.
He fell in love with that city, and he has written a lot of stories about Rome since that time.
However, it has been quite a long time since his last year in that city.
He went to school in Rome for ten years.
He quit school in 1925.' Then he worked for a large newspaper in France for five years.
Mr.
Rossi  came to the United States in the spring of 1930.
He became a citizen on the twentieth of April, 1935.
He has had a house in this city since that time.
In all, he has lived in this country for quite a long time.
Mr.
Rossi took a course in English a number of years ago.
He started this course at ten o'clock in the morning on October 7, 1935.
He studied English for two years.
He has also studied German and Spanish since that time.
He studied German in the summer of 1940, and he started his Spanish course on February 3, 1943.
He studied this language for three years.
Mr.
Rossi went to South America six years ago and he stayed there for two years.
Then he returned to the United States for good.
He has also written many things about South America since that trip.
Mr.
Rossi has been a professional writer since his first job for the French newspaper.
He wrote his first article in 1925.
Since then, he has written almost 800 articles and stories
i really want to know more about in, on and at x.
x
-w- a hard year
Hello =D
I've been very busy and I couldn't visit this website until now.
I want to ask something, if anybody knows please explain me .
I don't understand the "passives" very well, so I would like to learn more and practice more about that topic.
These are some sentences that I did for my English class, I would like to know if they are correct:
*The hotel was inaugurated On August 5, 1966.
*The Colosseum was built for Celine Dion’s show.
And if the sentence in active is :
*Caesars Palace has a Roman style
Is the passive like that?:
*A roman style is having by Caesars Palace
Please answer me
Thanks :D
My first post =D
Hi everyone!
I'm Jennifer but i prefer Jenni, i'm sixteen years old and i live in El Salvador.
My native language is spanish.
I'm interested in many languages for example Chinese, French, German and Korean but at this moment i'm learning English and Japanese.
I'm studying my first year of preparatory in CCSA a bilingual school.
I'm studying first year of preparatory in CCSA, which is a bilingual school.
I like to play soccer, go to the movies and listen to music.
I like playing soccer, going to the movies and listening to music.
I like play soccer, go to the movies and listen to music. NOTE: good job at keeping the same syntax through your sentence.  For example, "to play soccer, to go to movies, and to listen to music."  Keep it up!
I really like japanese music and other bands, such as Coldplay and Linkin Park. I also like Anime very much.
I really like Japanese music and bands like Coldplay and Linkin Park. I also like the Anime very much. This is just a side note. You can use "very much" and still make your point. However, in American English, we use "a lot" in our every day speech.
Well it's a short introduce about myself. In this moment I have a lot of homework X-X so I hope can write more things tomorrow.
Well it's a short introduction of myself. At this moment, I have a lot of homework X-X so I hope can write more tomorrow. NOTE: If you have two thoughts in one sentence, the syntax should be the same. For example, you can say "This sky is blue, and the clouds are white." However, if you're saying, "This sky is blue, and the people are walking in the streets." Here you have two separate sentence structures and ideas. It is better to separate into two sentences, or add a semi-colon in between to look like, "This sky is blue; and the people are walking in the streets."
Thanks to everyone who will read this and please correct me =D
Thanks to everyone who will read this. Please correct me =D
hwk essay
Prompt:  It is said that the United States is the land of opportunity, and many immigrants have found it.
However, some immigrants have not always been welcomed.
They have faced hardships because of discrimination.
Write an essay where you narrate an incident where you, or a family relative, or a friend experienced discrimination.
Are we all equals before the law?
Even though The Constitution of The United States of America clearly states that we are all equals before the law, it seems that this constitutional right it is not completely truth. Almost every Latino immigrant have suffered some kind of discrimination by a government agency.
Even though The Constitution of The United States of America clearly states that we are all equals before the law, it seems that this constitutional right it is not completely true, almost every Latino immigrant has suffered some kind of discrimination by a government agency.
In a recent survey, most Latino immigrants have reported some cases of discrimination by the police department (local or state) and from immigration services.
Police are on the streets to protect us from the criminals, but for most Latinos, the police is a synonym for discrimination.
There have been many of reports by the press of police abuse against immigrants all over the country.
The most commons police abuses are: First, arresting Latinos immigrants only for their look, it looks like being a Latino make you a suspect of any crime on the vicinity, and second, arresting them simply because some immigrants do not speak English, and by consequence, cannot defend themselves from accusations.
The most common police abuses include the following: first, arresting Latino immigrants only for their look, it looks like being a Latino makes you a suspect of any crime on the vicinity , and second, arresting them simply because some immigrants do not speak English, and by consequence cannot defend themselves from the accusations.
I have not been arrested in my entire life, and I have never had a problem with the police in my home country or in the US, but there was this time when a white lady hit me on the road, and despite the police witnessing the incident, he did not give the white lady a ticket.
I have never been arrested in my entire life, and I have never had a problem with the police in my home country or in the US. However, there was this time when a white lady hit me on the road, and even though the police officer saw the whole thing, he did not give the white lady a ticket.
He was very gente with her and very rude with me.
He was very gentle with her and very rude with me.
He even harassed me telling me if I don’t leave the accident scene he will blame me for it.
He even harassed me by telling me that if I don’t leave the accident scene, he will blame me for the accident.
I told him that I was going to take the incident to court, and he told me that the judge will believe anything he tells him.
And you know what the judge did? He believes the policeperson's history and gave me a nice fine and a couple of points on my license for reckless driving.
And you know what the judge did? He believes the policeman's history and gave me a nice fine and a couple of points on my license for reckless driving.
I believe the officer treat me like that because of my Latino accent.
I believe the policeman treated me like that because of my Latino accent.
I felt so discriminated at that time.
Another government institution, beside the police departments, that is known by its habits in discriminating against Latino immigrants is the Department of Immigration and Homeland Security.
Another government institution, beside the police departments, that is known by its habits of discriminating against Latino immigrants is the department of immigration and homeland security.
It seems that they think that all the Latinos in the United States are illegal immigrants.
One of my friends once told me that he had been arrested by the Department of Immigration.
One of my friends once told me that he had been arrested by the department of immigration.
They took him away from his job and sent him to one of their facility for interrogation. My friend at that time had a green card, but he never carries it around because he is afraid of losing it.
They took him away from his job and sent him to one of their facilities for interrogation. My friend had a green card at that time, but he never carried it around because he was afraid of losing it.
He finally called his wife, who grabbed his green card from their home and took it to him.
He was release and they aplogized to him.
He was released and they gave him an apology.
He believes that they arrested him only because he did not speak English.
Finally, even though the US Constitution makes us equals, some government agencies treat Latino immigrants different.
In conclusion, even though the US constitution makes us equals, some government agencies treat Latino immigrants differently.
It is already hard to leave our countries, come to America to work very hard, learned a new language, and adopted a new culture. For some, bureaucracy and inefficient institutions makes it even harder.
It is already hard enough to leave our countries, come to America to work very hard, learn a new language and adopt a new culture, for some bureaucratic and inefficient institutions to make it even harder.
Trying to write something in english
I want to write something in english, but I don't know what to write about.
My mind is blank right now, and with the music in the background I just can't focus, maybe because this music is so good, so powerful.
I guess if I seriously want to write something I should turn the music off.
Again I must say the music is so good, I don't want to turn it off.
I hope to write the next time I try, but for now I just hear the music.
American TV Series
I really like some of the series that came on air in the last few years.
Here are some of them.
Dexter is about a forensic doctor that works for the L.
A.
Police Department.
He is a specialist in blood patterns at crime scenes.
He is a serial killer too
—a killer's killer.
He uses the access to the police department files to search for his victims.
House M.
D.
is about a doctor specialized in diagnostics.
He always gets the weird cases, which nobody else can solve.
He solves his cases with the help of his team of doctors, but mainly thanks to his sharpness, determination and his eccentric view of life.
Lost (my favorite) is about the survivors of an airplane accident that crashes on the beach of a mysterious tropical island.
The survivors try to escape from the island where amazing things can happen; for example: people are healed from illness, there are polar bear attacks and a smoke monster that kills people.
Also, there exist the inhabitants of the island called "the others", who are dangerous people that try to end the survivors' lives.
This whole year I could not watch too much of these series, but surely I will watch the last season of Lost before this year ends.
What happens with your parents?
What happened with your parents?
(I was so pissed off, so I wrote this)
*Correct my entry please.
I want to share it with my friends.
Thank you in advance :)*
I just wanted to talk with my Mom, but she was yelling about everything (so I thought it was better to talk to her later). She continued yelling at me so I yelled at her, because it was so frustrating that it is always the same.
I just wanted to talk with my mom, but she was yelling about everything (so I thought it was better to talk to her later). She kept yelling at me so I yelled at her back, because it was so frustrating that it is always the same.
We can't change other people.
If they don't want to be changed...
nothing can change them.
*sigh*
What happens with your parents?
What happens with your parents?
What is more important than your sons??
What is more important than educating them by PAYING ATTENTION to their worries, insecurities, etc?.
What is more important than yelling things at them that they will never forget and that will cause them to feel miserable?
Don't tell me that it is about MONEY
Love and attention
are more important than working all day to give your sons MONEY and not talking to them because you're too busy working to earn MONEY. You said 'your sons' so you need to say 'because 'you're' so busy..."
(Now you can see why sometimes I hate MONEY so much)
People are blind because of it.
There are simple but beautiful things that people are missing out on because they are so focused on working to earn MONEY.
Just ask anyone when their parents last told them that they love them.
They will probably answer that they don't know or don't remember.
Now ask them when they parents last gave them MONEY.
They will probably answer: This morning, afternoon, etc.
There is NO ´´hardest language in the world´´
There is no hardest language in the world, just some languages that take you more time to learn because of diferent factors such as the diference in system of writing, grammar, pronounciation and your attitude.
Yes, there is no such thing!
Maybe people only want to hear the language they speak is the hardest one to learn just because they only have that to make them important.
I want to give you an example to make it easier to understand what I want to say.
For example, it will take me more time to learn Korean, Chinese, Japanese etc.
rather than English, Italian, Portuguese, etc.
because my native language is Spanish, which is more different from the first ones.
It is different because of the system of writing, the grammar and the pronounciation.
Maybe for Chinese people it will take them less time to learn Japanese or Korean, rather than English, Spanish, Italian, etc.
because their native language is much more similar to the other asiatic languages.
BUT this doesn't depends only of your native language, your attitude is another important factor to learn languages.
If you tell yourself you are studying ´´the hardest language in the world´´ your brain automatically relate that with the word: Impossible.
There is no impossible language.
The time it will take you to achieve it, the effort you will make to achieve it, all depend on how effective is you language study and your attitude.
Continue studying Korean on Vacations.
Today I decided to continue studying Korean.
Lately, I haven't been studying it at all, and without knowing about it in advance I had an interview last Saturday where it seemed like I didn't know a word of Korean, or like that I completely forgot how to speak it.
The interview was with a Korean Channel or something. I really didn't know because it was the closing event at our Korean Institute and I was so focused on correctly performing a Taekwondo dance with my group that day. Then out of nowhere my teacher came and told me to do that interview.
I think I was nervous ordidn't understand what the interviewer wanted me to say.
I introduced myself, not speaking correctly in some parts. I noticed my mistakes, but they told me it was too long and that I only needed to say something like, ''I'm studying Korean and I like Korean culture. I also like listening to Korean music and practicing Taekwondo''. 
It was really easy, but I don't like Korean music anddon't practice Taekwondo so it felt like I was lying and I didn't like that.
To avoid talking about this bad (me gusta la palabra "awkward" xD) experience . I wanna share with you some nice moments I had with my group at that event and what happened afterwards.
I'm just waiting for the pictures so I can share them with you.
Thanks for reading and thanks in advance for the corrections.
:)
Tests of Proficiency
The tests of proficiency are the most important tests for language learners because these tests represent the student's ability in a language.
Sometimes the students are so focused on studying, that they forget to enjoy the language.
This is true for me, because I want to get a scholarship to study abroad, so I take these tests more seriously and I sometimes get stressed and I can't just have fun with the languages studies.
Last April I took the Test of profiency in Korean or TOPIK, now I am preparing myself for another test, this time for an English test, TOEIC.
The Toeic test may be more important in business areas rather than in the educational areas.
So why would I want to take this test instead of another more focused in educational areas?
First of all, I chose this test because it will be the first time I have taken an English test. Considering that I was studying the language alone almost all the time, I am not used to taking English tests of any kind.
Second, the test is convenient for me because of the prize, compared with others.
Third, it does not have Speaking or Writing sections, so I have more time to focus my studies on sections such as Grammar, Listening and Vocabulary.
I have the intention of taking another test in the future, like the TOEFL test, which in fact, has the Speaking and Writing sections.
So, I think that if I first focus on studying the Vocabulary, Grammar and Listening parts then when I decide to take the TOEFL test I will have to practice only the Speaking and Writing parts and improve in the other parts depending on the result of the previous examination.
It is like I am studying in stages, ensuring my final goal of taking the TOEFL test.
I'm going to take the TOPIK test, the basic level...
but I'm not sure...
I wish I have more time but the test is tomorrow!
ㅠㅠ
Starting posting in English
(This is an entry from my other account where I used to write in English which I decided to delete)
Hello everyone!
I'm going to start posting here in English as well.
The reason I only write in Korean here is because this is like a secondary account I have, and I was really focused on just studying Korean, but I have just noticed that I have difficulty in writing English.
I'm always unsure of what I'm going to write (I'm always insecure about what I'm going to write) both are okay and I got used to Google translator to review what I had written
I'm afraid of this because it seems like I didn't learn English before--I mean I didn't learn properly.
I began studying English last year in April.
It will be 2 years since that in a few months.
So here I will write about anything but without using a translator or dictionary. you could say any translators or dictionaries.
That's what I'm going to do with this account!
I would appreciate it if you help me sound more natural by correcting my journal!
Have a happy weekend everyone ^^ 
topik test
Hi everyone~ I am so tired now, but I want to write something and practice~.~
Well, today I took the TOPIK test (Test of Proficiency in Korean) for which I was studying very hard for.
So, I went to the Korean Institute, where I'm also studying the language, but I started the test a little late because my bus didn't come... so I had to wait a lot.
Then, when I arrived at the institute and started to take the test, I felt very nervous and I felt bad, my stomach hurt.
But I continue taking the test, and the pain was gone.
When we finished the first part of the test, writing and vocabulary, we had a short break, very short I think. Then we continued with the second part, that corresponded to the listening and reading comprehension part.
This second part of the test was very difficult, I had to listen and interpret the sentences and paragraphs very carefully.
After all, I think I did well on the test. ~~ 
Thanks for reading! I'm going to wait for your corrections, be good with me, hahah
Good night :3 ~
Why does nobody correct my essays in English? (Edited)
I was thinking about writing a fictional story since I don't have any interesting stories that happened to me in real life.
I would like to keep people interested in correcting my journal, but I realize that even if I write about something interesting, no one correct it either.
I'm talking only about my English essays, because If I write in Korean, in just minutes I have at least one person that correct them, but I'm not that good at Korean.
I think it will take me time until I can express complicated things.
I want to ask you if there is another site where people can help me to correct some stories I'm thinking about writing.
I want to develop writing skills because I want to express myself better and because I feel like writing every time I'm experiencing strong emotions, either of happiness or sadness.
Journal in English~~
I just felt like writing because I'm so confused and so unsure.
I always feel like I'm not good enough for the boy I like, I f feel embarrassed about what I say to him or how I act when I'm with him.
I know that I'm not good at expressing myself, speaking or showing my feelings to the people I love, and I know that's not good so I'm trying to improve that. but it is still so hard.
Thinking about this for a moment I realize that now I'm feeling more alive!
Because I was so focused on doing well at my studies before that I was feeling a death in life person.
I'm trying to see the positive side of all this. All that is happening to me because I hate to feel depressed and make the people around me feel the same way.
There are so many people that I know that are like this and I don't like it when they make me feel bad when they are feeling like that.
So, I'm going to go to bed now, feeling in love, trying not to feel bad, thinking that it doesn't matter if I make mistakes. So I don't have to be insecure thanking God because I realize this is the best feeling and because I'm not upset or depressed anymore.
LOVE :)
Thanks for reading my random journal.
xD 
I will appreciate your corrections :)
It seems like I don't know anything about English
I feel really bad about my English skills.
Ever since I came to Korea, I have to communicate with people in Korean and in English and I'm having a really hard time because I always make mistakes in English.
I think it is okay to make mistakes when you speak a foreign language, but I make BASIC mistakes.
When I was in Paraguay, I thought that I had achieved a good level of English, but now I think I was wrong. I'm just better writing than speaking in English. I don't know what you mean by your last sentence-- maybe something like, "I've realized that while I can write relatively well in English, my speaking skills are still weak."
But one thing that I don't understand is that when I have to speak, it is as if I didn't know anything about grammar, words, or pronunciation, but when I write I'm not that bad, as you can see.
I'm not even using a translator or dictionary.
I didn't want to write about this because I would like to write more about things that aren't depressing for those reading them.
But I can't stop thinking about this, because every day I have to deal with certain people that even dare to correct me when I speak, and THEY ARE NOT EVEN NATIVE ENGLISH SPEAKERS! 
I hate that!
I'm starting to think that I didn't learn English properly, because I learned it for only one year, two years ago.
After one year studying the language at an institute, I was able to understand almost everything that I read or listened to, but always with a little bit of help from a dictionary.
I also think that I have a lot of ´´input´´ of the language but not enough ´´output´´(practice), and that's why I have so many problems now.
What can I do?
I don't like the idea of starting over.
Filling up the ´´About me´´ item
My name is Gabriela, call me Gaby or Gabywonie :)~~ 
I'm gonna practice a lot here!!
Yoshi!!
I'm studying Korean at an institute and English at home~~ 
I like to listening to Italian podcasts, and I almost understand everything, but I don't know grammar rules or how to write in Italian :D
I want to practice Japanese too, but I forgot how to write in higarana and katakana.
I'm going to be learning them again, maybe when I find some time.
^^
Blog
Hello Everyone!
How are you doing with your language studies?.
I would like to talk about my new Blog.
It's a blog I created today to share my resources of Korean with people who are studying Korean as well.
But I have a little problem with creating blogs (and forums) and publishing entries on them, because I am not consistent, I mean, I delete blogs when I become bored of them or when I feel like they are a waste of time.
The blogs I created before were not about Language Learning or Languages itself, they were about Anime (japanese animated series), asiatic culture in general, and I deleted all of them.
I also thought about creating blogs about what I like such as Vegetarian Cooking and Korean Music, but I didn't create any of them.
Now I am worried that I may feel that same way and delete this new blog,
because it might be a waste of time, but at the same time it might be very helpful for me because I can review all I have learned and benefit people who are looking for some resources of this language.
I decided to write this here because I'm committing myself and committing with you not to give up on this.
And because I also want to promote my blog hehe (http: // room-501.
blogspot.
com/)
Ok everyone, have a good weekend and thanks for the corrections in advance.
Italian Language Analysis 1 (Italian-English-Spanish Comparison)
With this post I will make an analysis of the Italian language and I compare it to Spanish and English
I began to study Italian a few weeks ago and I still did not study the grammar and I just learned some words.
In a recent post I publiced the following sentences: 
The apple is red.
It is John’s apple.
I give John the apple.
We give him the apple.
He gives it to John.
She gives it to him.
I must give it to him.
I want to give it to her.
I publiced this few sentences because they will help me to notice the structure of the language, this means some grammar points and the differences and similarities with my native language.
Before I began to study Italian I knew it was similar to Spanish, so I thought and I still think it will be essay to learn.
I reached to the following conclusions.
Structure 1
English: The apple is red
Spanish: La manzana es roja
Italian: La mela é rossa
With this sentences I noticed that it has the same structure of S+V+O+A as Spanish and English.
(Subject+Verb+Object+Adjective)
Structure 2
English: The car is blue
English: The house is brown
With these sentences we can see the language has also definite articles for gender (L' and La) as in Spanish (El and La), while in English there is only the definite article The.
We also notice the similar words with Spanish.
Structure 3
English: The apple is red
English: The building is red
I added this two sentences to show if the language, as Spanish, has gender for the adjetives: Roja-Rojo, Rossa-Rosso.
I will continue in another post.
Thanks for the corrections.
(I went to the korean institute)
I am going to continue later.
How do you say 'you're an idiot' in Japanese?
My friend said it's 
I'm pretty sure its wrong I just don't know how.
I know baka is a form of idiot but this seems wrong.
I don't know how though.
Hi
Hi everyone, here my first post just to see how it works.
I'll tell you about me.
My name is Brian, I'm 20 years old, and from Argentina.
Besides high school English class (which is so basic and has the same old lessons every year),  I've actually never studied English officially.
It was like a natural process.
I really like English music and movies, so I guess that's how I've learned most of it. 
Ok, I write poems (in Spanish) but lately I been trying to write in English, but I don't feel quite secure in my abilities yet .
So I've decided to get a little help ;) I hope this thing helps me to improve my English.
we'll see..
Ok, that's all, thank you for reading, I'll try to correct some posts in Spanish now.
c u soon!
Some people in the U.S. hesatite to call the police for help. Compare the role of police in your country to the role of police in the U.S., specifi cally New York . How do people feel about asking the police in for help- on street, in their home, and their place of work?
Imagine a country without a police force. How would our live be?
In my opinion, the role of police is hard since they are protecting citizens and making our lives less dangerous.
First of all, the role of police in my country is not the best compared with the role of police in New York City.
In Colombia, when people have trouble they hesitate to call the police because they take almost an hour to arrive, therefore calling does not help much.
Furthermore, it is not common to see the police patrolling on the street or near homes. Hence, the people of my country feel insecure about asking the police for help, thus asking the police for help is the last option people think of.
On the other hand, the role of police in New York City is better because you can see them at work in many different places.
This is probably because New York City has many rules and laws that the police should enforce. Perhaps that is why some people in the U.
S hesitate to call the police for help. Once the police is involved, depending on the severity of the problem, most people at the scene must then prepare to defend their case in court. Hence, the process could become long and troubling.
In New York City, wherever you go you can find the police, thus you feel more confident and secure about asking the police for help.
Overall, I think that the best way for solving the problems or getting some questions answered is by calling the police.
Greetings
This is Iván.
I am from Colombia and I am learning english.
I do not understand well how this website works.
Can somebody teach me how this website works?
I hope all of you have very great days, a merry Christmas and a very nice year ahead of you.
hi
My name is Sandra, and I'm studying English because I think it is a very important language in the world.
Actually Im going to study in Canada ,so i can practice more my english .
i think i dont have a very good grammar , so i have to work hard on it .
I have been studying English for many years, but I don't think I can express all the thoughts that I want to say.
exams
Today I have to study hard because tomorrow I'm going to have a grammar exam. It makes me feel so nervous .
I dont know if I can pass it with a good grade; I only know that the gerunds and the infinitives used to confuse me .
Actually I dont like to take exams, but this is the only way to know if I'm learning .
Since last week, I have been studying, but I'm not sure if I'm prepared for this exam. Also, today I had a vocabulary exam, but I think it was too easy.
I hope I haven't made a lot of mistakes!!
missing Vancouver
I realized that I really miss vancouver , it was a nice and amazing place where I knew alot of interesting and amazing people.
Its been almost 3 months since I left Van , it's a lot of time , and it passed so fast  .
I have talked with almost all my friends from there but I still missing them.
I think the things that I miss the most are my indpendence, my friends, and the things I did.
If only I could return, it would be awesome. Someday I'll return, that's for sure. Until then I'll be missing the life I had.
Today
Today I went to Stanley Park. It's a really beautiful place where you can see the sea and stay in the park at the same time.
I think that's awesome.
Also, this park has so many beautiful tiny waterfalls. There are a lot of ducks, too. ohh!!!
I love ducks. They are so  funny and ahhh!!
They are always free, swimming in the water as if nothing else matters.
They are so cute.
I really think that most of the parks here are beautiful. I used to think that I was in fairytale because they look like fairytale gardens.
Well, bye.
today !!
today I had a big surpise , I entered the myspace of one of my favorite rock bands in spanish and I realized that the have written a blog where the memebers of the band said goodbye to everyone .
it was so sad , I mean they were really good ( the bad thing : they weren't famous or recognized by a lot of people ,I think that sucks )
I really liked the music they played; the lyrics were really good , I don't know why the band broke up&nbsp;but its so sad .
I hate when independent rock bands break up because they are not famous and they can't find the opportunities to succeed.
I hope some day they will play again; that would be awesome !!!!!!
I'll be waiting for that day  ^^
bus
hi!!
Yesterday I got so mad at the bus driver.
In the street an old man was trying to walk fast to catch the bus. He was actually near the bus and he made a signal to the driver to wait for him. When he was beside the doors of the bus (the doors were closed), the driver didn't open the doors and started to drive away. This kind of thing drives me nuts, because this is not the first time that I have seen this, and I don't think it is fair .
In my country the driver can make stops everywhere. They also wait for people that are trying to get onto the bus. The cost of the bus is really cheap, too. "and also the cost of the bus is really cheap" es correcto, pero es un poco incómodo a fin de la oración.
I think there are a lot of good things about the bus here. I mean, most of the time they are clean, they have a system for people in wheel chairs, and they are big.
I think that's why they are expensive,  but I don't like that they can't stop at all the streets or that the drivers can't wait for people who are running to catch the bus.
these days 
well it has been  long time since I write here .
I have to tell that this month has been a great one .
I passed my univerity test to get in so Im so happy .
Today I'll know my class rooms and my scedule .
Now I have to worry about the school , cause I havent been at school in 1 year so Im a bit nervous cause I  dont know what will happen now.
Also I've been playing halo 3 online  and rockband I think I really like videogames, even though Im not so good playing them , all my friends who are boys tell me that is to strange to know a girl who have and like videogames , is that so strange ???
well I dont know but I'll still playing them 
Also I got some good news from a friend that lives in korea , he will get married I hope I can go to his wedding I think that would be so cool , and also I would have the chance to meet other friends 
well I think that all for now !!!
bye 
this week
I've been so happy this week, a lot of good things have happened to me and this makes me really happy.
Like yesterday, it was awesome, I have a friend that works in an internet radio program, so he knows a lot of bands. I was talking to him yesterday, and then he introduced me to the members of a band that I love! It was so great.
Also, lately, I've been talking with friends that I usually don't talk with because they are always busy...
This week, I have been reading a lot of mangas (Japanese animation books).
I'm so happy because on Monday, I found a manga that I have been searching for for 2 years, and also I found an internet page where you can read mangas.
I think this week has been really wonderful.
bye bye
Just practicing
Hi, everybody
So, I'm trying to improve my English writing skills.
I've been using the language for several years but I still feel that sometimes I don't know if I am writing just as a translator from my native language (Spanish) or if I am really communicating in good English.
Sometimes when I post something online there are people that notice that I am not a native English speaker.
Why is that?
I suppose that the reason is that I fail to use common language idioms and sometimes just write overly complicated things.
Anyway, I hope that practicing constantly will eventually make me have a better understanding of well written English.
Thanks in advance for any help and improvement advice!
Mexico vacations
I want to practice some English.
I live in Aguascalientes, Mexico.
Two years ago, students from the high school "Oak Grove" came to my junior high.
Each family hosted a boy or a girl depending on the family.
I couldn't host anyone because my house is very little and there wasn't enough space for she/he,
but we had a great time.
We went to Guanajuato City and to many interesting cultural places.
We also had a difficult time talking English because some of them were from other countries and they didn't know how to speak English very well.
There was a Korean boy called June.
Maybe if I meet him now I'll ask him to help me with my Korean
because it sucks!
I hate exams, I hate Mondays.
At my high school, everyone is going to take an English exam on Monday.
It's going to be a difficult one, with a lot of difficult words and all that stuff.
My teacher Diana is like hell, yeah not kidding.
She only has one purpose in life and it's to destroy my whole life.
: )
So I have to study a lot for next Monday.
Yesterday I was watching the " Angry Video Game Nerd's" Videos, and they were awesome. Have you watched some of his videos?
If you haven't I highly recommend that you watch them.
That's all for today.
Thanks everyone for your corrections.
I am legend movie
Last night I watched the movie "I am legend".
The main character is starred by Will Smith.
The movie starts in New York, 2009.
The scientist have discovered the total cure of cancer.
Or that's what they thought.
Later this cure become a terrible virus, an epidemic.
99% of the population became infected, and most of them died.
Infected people who didn't die, became terrible beasts.
They acted like rabies, and atacted everyone non infected.
But that's not all, the virus also infected the animals.
Then the movie moves to year 2012.
Robert Neville (Scientist) is a survivor, he's immune.
He's in New York City completely alone, just with his dog Sam.
During the sunlight he goes to the DVD store, looks for food...
like a normal life.
But when the night comes, he stays at house, with every window locked.
It's the time to the "others", infected people; because they can't stand the sunlight.
He will not leave the City until he find a cure of this Virus.
I like this film.
It's interesting.
Can you imagine in the same situation as him??
I mean, what will you do If you became a only survivor of a plague?
No people, no noise, nothing.
Nodoby to talk with.
Well, you can talk with the dog ^^U.
But imagine you have no dog XD It will be OK for some days, waoh I can do anything'cause there is no fathers...
no police...
but 3 years alone??
It's crazy, I think I would became mad.
No, I would kill myself before I became mad...
Hello everybody
Hello, I'm Spanish.
I hadn't noticed until last week that this website was so useful!!
I'm studing Japanese and Finnish.
Also I wanna improve my English, 'cause I always do a lot of mistakes XD 
When I speak with people from England I have no problem, but when I have to speak with American people it's a little bit difficult to understand them u.
u
Nice to meet you^^
And good luck to everybody!!
Hello!
It has been a while since the last English diary.
Today I went to the Egyptian Art museum of Barcelona with my classmates from University.
It was really interesting, I loved the sculptures of the goddess Bastet (she's represented as a cat).
After the visit, I went to Japanese class.
After visiting it, I went to Japanese class.
Today the teacher explained the new Kanji lesson and we learned some new grammar.
Also the teacher returned the kanji's exams from Monday.
My mark was 100/100, no mistakes.
I'm so happy^^
Yesterday I saw on Internet that there is a special exhibition about Babylon in the British Museum of London.
I want to see that!
But I do not have enough money to travel to London...
I've left curriculum vitae in some stores, I hope somehow will call me to make a job-interview.
I need money T.
T
Hard rains in Spain
Until the Autum has come, it's been raining a lot in Spain.
In Barcelona (where I live) it has been raining, but not too much.
But in other areas, specially in the north and in the center of the country some cities are flooded.
And the rain has destroyed a lot of houses, stores and fields.
I remembed that every year during this season some places get flooded, but not as much as this year.
Everyday in the TVNews appear a new city or village that is flooded.
My PC is broken
Hi erveryone!
I just want to say thank you for all the people who correct my diary.
My PC has broken and I don't know when I'll have internet again u.
u
Now I'm in an Internet Cafe, but this PC doesn't read japanese characters, so I must write in English^^
See you!
Controversial traditional celebrations in Spain
One of the most famous celebrations of Spain is "Bullfighting".
In Spanish it's called "Corrida de toros".
A man wearing traditional costume called "Torero" fights with a bull.
The Torero has a special sword and some spears.
He has to hurt the bull with it, and prevent the bull from hurting him.
(it's difficult for the Bull to hit the Torero, because before the celebration they somehow inject something into the Bull that makes it feel a little bit sleepy, like a drug) Later, when the Bull is completely bleeding, the Torero kills it.
This celebration is done very often, especially during the summer.
And most Spanish people go to see it, and some foreign people, too.
Why is this celebration so interesting?
Why is making a Bull suffer and then killing it interesting?
That Bull has no guilt!!
Poor Bull !!
It's an animal and it has to be respected!!
But the Torero and all the people who see it have no respect for it!!!
This celebration makes me feel ashmed of being Spanish T.
T
Now in Cataluña Region (Barcelona is in Cataluña) it's forbidden.
And I'm happy about it.
But some other regions still celebrate it.
This celebration is really controversial in Spain because there are people (me included) who want to forbid it in the whole country.
But in the other hand, there are a lot of people who don't want it to be banished, because It's a Historical Celebration.
They say that the Bull doesn't suffer ¬¬ Who the hell believe's that!!!
A bleeding Bull doesn't suffer???
That's completely false!!
I don't know If this celebration is also done in other countries, I hope not.
What do you think about this celebration??
I hate it.
What do you do in your free time?
I haven't much free time.
I like to go to the movies but it's a bit expensive plus I don't care for the movies they show.
I like to read too.
Normally, in my free time, I stay with my family.
We talk...
we drink "mates"...
and we eat too much :)
Interview
I have a work interview tomorrow.
Part of the interview will be in English.
Este usado de "no matter," por lo menos para estadounidenses como yo, parece arcaíco o británico.
Clearly, I'll have other opportunities.
I'm not unhappy in my actual work...
I have great partners, I have a good boss (he's always far away), I haven't a lot of responsibilities.
I have great colleagues, I have a good boss (although he is always far away), and  I don't have a lot of responsibilities.
I want to change because change means a development for me in a lot of senses.
But I want to change jobs because the change will mean a chance for my own development in a lot a senses.
"But it's not the right moment..."?
But is this the right moment?
MY PERSONALITY
In my opinion I am an optimistic person, because I only think in positive terms.
For example, when I have an exam I think that I will pass it.
Sometimes I fail the exam and then I think that I have to study more.
I have a friend who is very mean: her name is Lydia.
I think that she is mean because when we go out to drink coffee or to dance she never pays.
I always have to pay .
In my family, my sister Lucia is very similar to me because we have the same size of clothing, the same tastes (including in romantic partners) and the same personality.
The personality of my perfect partner is my boyfriend´s personality. Alternativo: My boyfriend has what I consider the perfect personality.
He is the best person I have ever known.
He is kind, generous, cheerful, polite and hard-working.
ANIMALS
when i was a child i loved animals and i went to a zoo with my school.
i had a good time at the zoo, in Elche.
i had a small cat that my sister gave to me, but the cat died and i don´t have more animals.
now i would like go back to the zoo because i want to remember this excursion and i like seeing animals.
if i could be an animal i would like to be a bird because i could see a lot of cities and i could fly freely in the sky.
MY TOWN
I live in Jimenado, in Murcia.
My town is small so we have only one supermarket and two bars.
Also the supermarket doesn't  have all products so we have to go out for some products.
This town has few parks and rest areas(erios).
But despite that this town has good people, people who help you when you need something.
I like to live in this town but sometimes I would like to be living in london because london has a lot of parks and building to visit.
I think that the most interesting city to visit is London because in this city you can see a lot of museums and you can rest in some big parks. So the most beautiful city i have ever been to is london because london has a lot of parks with flowers and statues.
Clothes
i love buying clothes.
i usually buy clothes in espacio bershka, stradivarius, benetton...
The clothes that i buy in these stores are the clothes that i wear every day but when it comes to interviews i wear formal types of dresses.
Two years ago I just borrow clothes from my sister Luci but now that I have more she is the one borrowing my clothes.
I never buy clothes that I don't wear because I only buy things that I really want..
CINEMA
During the week I usually don´t go out, but on friday I go to the cinema, so I go to the cinema one day a week. Week is singular, the only real mistake in this sentence other than not capitalizing!
he next film I´m going to see is "Night Of Fear" Capitol letter's for the beginning of sentences for I and for the name of a movie, play, book etc.
because is the most interesting(intruesting) film which release this week.
I think that the best film I have ever seen was "Twilight" because I love films with fear and love and this film has both Capitols for I and for names. You could also say "I love films which are frightening and also have love in the story and this film has both."
My favourite director is Steven Spielberg because I liked the movie " Schindler's List" and I think that he is a very good director
SCHOOL
I live in a small town but at least we have a school.
i live in a small town, but at least we have school.
In primary school I went to the school "nuestra señora de la consolacion".
in primary school i went to "nuestra señora de la consolacion".
This school is small, beautiful and it had good teachers.
I really liked it because I played to the camber and other games with my friends and . I'm not sure what you mean here but maybe: We had a lot of friends because people from other schools were coming to our school. Or maybe: We did a lot of things because friends from other schools were coming to our school.
I had a good teacher called Ana who I continue writting letters.
i had a good teacher named Ana with whom i continue writing letters.
She was very kind, generous and talkative, she was fantastic and she was and always will be my best teacher.
she was very kind, generous and talkative; she was fantastic and she was and will be my best teacher.
In the school my favourite subject was physical education because i liked to jump and run...etc..
in the school my favorite subject was physical education because i liked jumping, running, etc...
My first entry
Hello!
My name is Sonia.
I am Spanish and I am learning English.
I want to talk with English people because I want to improve my English.
MUSIC
I like dancing to romantic music so I usually listen to that kind of music and go to romantic concerts.
The best concert I have ever been to was the David de maria concert.
It was fantastic.
When I am studying, I don´t like listening to music because I need silence to concentrate on what I am reading.
In karaoke I would like to sing some song in English.
For example: the Power of Love by Celine Dion.
SPORT
In my lifestyle sport is very important.
I likes doing sport but I don´t have much time.
I usually play tennis and go swimming.
I love going out, climbing mountains and seeing nature.
I like watching football on tv.
The most exciting sports event I have ever seen is motorcycle racing because I spend the race looking for the motorcycle that will win.
I would like to be good at surfing because I think that it is a very interesting sport but I never had the opportunity to learn to surf.
HEALTH AND DIET
Usually i live a healthy lifestyle.
During the week, i walk for thirty minutes daily but on weekends i can't because I'll be going out. 
I eat a lot of chocolate and sweets and I don't eat enough fruits. 
I try to eat a piece of fruit every day but I prefer chocolate. 
When I'm at the university, I'm very stressed because I've to study and I don't have time for myself. Because I'm on a holiday now, I feel relaxed as I can go to the beach and swimming pool with my friends. 
My family
I´m going to talk about my family.
First of all I have two brothers and four sisters.
my two brothers, jose and ismael are lorry drivers; my two sisters loles and lucia are students, they are studying at university; and my other two sisters, charo and juani are secretaries.
I get on very well with my sister Luci because she is nice to me and she is my sister and my best friend.
in my family i had a big argument with my sister loles because she is very annoying and selfish and she pass the day disturb to me. ???? 
There was a big argument in my family between me and my sister Loles because she is very annoying and selfish and she spends the whole day hassling me.
Finally, I´m going to talk about my mother Rosario, she is very funny, cheerful, kind and generous.
she is short and she has short brown hair and brown eyes.
HEALTH AND DIET
usually i live a healthy life.
during the week i walk every day thirty minutes but on weekends i don´t walk because i go out.
i eat too much chocolat and sweets and i don´t eat enough fruit.
i try to eat a piece of fruit every day but i prefer chocolat.
when i am at university i am very stressed because i have to study and i don´t have time for myself but now, on holiday i am very relax because i go to the beach and the swimming pool with my friends.
HOLIDAYS
last summer i went to london with my sister loles.
we stayed in london three weeks and we did an english course and we visited london when we had free time.
in london i had the best days of my life because i love london and i think that it´s a beautiful city.
when i am on vacation i like visitting other cities and learning about other cultures(colters).
the best vacation i had was when i visited london because london is clean, beautiful, interesting and it has friendly people.You can use holiday instead of vacation but vacation sounds better.
TIME
two years ago i was doing ESO and i had more free time because i didn´t have a lot of homework and the exams were easy but now i have to study very hard and i have to do a lot of homework, so i don´t have free time and above all i don´t have time for myself.
now I am at an university, in Murcia, and I have thirty minutes to get there.
During the week I have to do homework and I have to search for information.
Usually I spend seven hours doing this.
Consequently, i don´t have time for myself so i would like have time for playing sports, going out, and watching tv.
Gah! I was forced to do a Journal entry
Once upon a time a girl was forced to do a Journal entry in Lang-8 because her English wasn't good.
The name of the sadist ogre who told the little girl to do that, was Kabi of Sade.
The little girl wanted to dance and sing and run and eat, but the bad ogre said "no no no.
The only thing you want to do is this shit", and because the little girl didn't have the force to fight with this sadistic ogre named Kabi the barbarian, she had to do all the things he said.
The little girl sweated a lot, she cried a lot, and the most important thing, she thought that the irregular verbs in english were pretty hard to remember.
The little girl suffered until the end of the time.
THE END
hello!
Hi!
my name is Mariel, I´m from Mexico and I want to learn English and Japanese.
I think my english is very bad and I never know how to use the past and the future tenses. I don't know how to use the -ing thing and I don't know how start a conversation, although it has nothing to do with my English skills, so please forgive me D:
I will try to always post a story or something.
09/08/2011
Here I am, lying in my bed, dying of heat, but still with the sufficient strength 
to open my eyes and write something absurd and without sense.
I think this is enough for today.
Tomorrow I will write something that makes sense and maybe funny, because this time I am very sleepy xDU 
See ya!
TARANTINO'S MOVIES
I am a big fan of Tarantino's movies....
actually at this moment I am watching Kill Bill vol.
1.
I can't wait for his new movie DJANGO, maybe next year.
My favorite movie is "Inglorious basterds," an alternative universe about the Second World War. 
BE ITALIAN 
5 minutes ago I was watching NINE a movie. Actually, it is a musical. I dont like musicals very much, but I really loved the song BE ITALIAN sung by Fergie because it is an amazing song ...
new job
I am so happy, cause maybe next week I will begin my new job in a school.
So now I'm waiting for it!!
:D
I hope this new job will be awesome and really nice...
My Job
I have a job. It is so simple. I call people to know their financial situation, just like telemarketing.
Today, I received a news that may manager has went out.
She has gone somewhere. For now, we don't have a boss.
UNITED STATES OF TARA
I am so happy because began the new season of UST one of my favorites tv series...
I really like that TV show, is incredible how a mental disorder can change the life of one simple person...
some times I think there I could take another career like Psihology or something.
A Piece of Advice
I can give you a piece of advice: if your problems don't have a solution, dont worry because it doesn't have a solution. If your problems have a solution, don't worry because it has a solution!!! 
Series of Portfolio Reactions Part 3
Hello, dear users of www.
lang-8.
com.
I want to share with the whole community a series of portfolio reactions written by myself during my first year of college.
The name of that course was: Introduction to a Second Language Acquisition.
I took that course in the second quarter by the year of 2004.
Just imagine!!!
It was 6 years ago.
However, I strongly believe that these journals or reactions can be useful for many people who are currently studying English as a second or as a foreign language.
Thanks.
Now I will post the third journal.
Wednesday, June 02, 2004
Lesson 3 (Third Entry)
On that Wednesday the class was interesting and noticeably creative to improve and expand our vocabulary knowledge.
Two groups were assigned to present the strategy homework.
The first group explained what the use of imagery memory strategy was for.
In order to illustrate what they had to elucidate, Yvonne and Kathy, who were the presenters, handed us out two little cardboards which had some pictures that exemplified the words of relevance.
The words that we had were “pot” and “under” and one of them came with a “Godzilla” movie picture, so it was funny when we read our sentence to the group; an excellent way to understand this strategy.
Naturally, we learned that by using drawings, pictures and hilarious images that strategy can be clearly understood by any kind of learner.
Later, the other group presented the semantic mapping strategy.
I found how useful that strategy was because if one makes use of images and pictures to relate one thing to another it helps us discover the meaning of many words.
Then, the teacher spent a couple of minutes explaining the readings, one about your learning styles where you could realize if you were impulsive or reflective, what you may do to improve your learning process, and how to take advantage of these suggestions.
The other reading mentioned how to put into practice the cultural, linguistic, contextual and worldly knowledge to help you learn and understand the logics of a new language.
Some minutes later, one group had to present the micro-lesson assignment that dealt with some strategies for acquiring vocabulary and grammar.
At first, one of the students began explaining the two approaches, the direct and the indirect.
Then, they continued with the explanation of the mnemonics, and they showed several examples.
Finally, the same group gave a presentation about the strategies for learning grammar which resulted very interesting for me because I found that I can use many rules to compare my native language with the foreign language I am learning.
Unfortunately, there was not enough time to end up all the activities.
I hope we have more time to cover all the presentations next class and that the teacher tries to adjust the time allotted for each activity, so we will not have this inconvenience anymore.
 Portfolio Reactions Series: Part 5
Dear users of lang-8,
com.
I would like to share with the whole community a series of portfolio reactions I have written during my first year of college.
I did my portfolio work in my Introduction to a Second Language Acquisition course six years ago in 2004.
I strongly believe that journals or reactions can be useful to many people who are currently studying English as a second or as a foreign language.
Wednesday, July 21st, 2004
Lesson 7 (Fifth Entry)
One of the most interesting strategies that I have been lately focusing my attention are: scanning and skimming.
These two strategies are great for improving our reading skills if we want to search information quickly. They are also very useful when we do not have much time and need to know the main ideas of an article, text, or reading passage
In my case, I consider skimming a useful skill. It helps me to decide quickly if I want to read a book, and if it’s worth reading it. I can put into practice this excellent strategy and have a closer understanding about that book. 
It allows me to discard all those books I would not like to read.
I would like to mention another skill the teacher referred to: speaking.
Some people wonder: why is this so important?
This is the skill that more attention since speaking involves everything that we want to say; it is the way to communicate our ideas.
I strongly believe that strategy needs more dedication because {it requires many aspects such as: pronunciation, rhythm, linking, stress, syllable stress and diction} to be developed.
Regarding all this, speaking is a hard goal to achieve.
As a matter of fact, if we don’t try to achieve a concise way of speaking, we may feel frustrated.
Finally, it is to our advantage when making use of synonyms and circumlocutions.
Sometimes, in order to get our point across we refer to a specific idea by using a similar word, and the roll of our conversation will not be lost
However, there may be situations where we will not be able to find the exact word(s) we need to name that object, so one option you can use to communicate your idea when you don't have the words for it is to us descriptions or definitions of such object. 
*★ Different methods that I use to improve my languages ★*
Hi!
Well, I've been a Lang-8 User since January of this year.
I found this web site in the ending of the last year, and I thought it was a great idea to write some texts in the languages I'm studying in order to improve them.
So I decided to register myself.
In the part of the registration, where they ask you two languages that you're learning.
First, I thought in English and French.
But a year ago, I started learning Japanese and I thought it was a better idea to write as the languages I was learning French and Japanese.
But I'm still learning English, and I think that I still comitting a lot of mistakes XD I'm sure of it.
Recently, I discovered that not only I could write texts in French and Japanese, but also in English and any other language.
And now I'm writting this text to check-out how my English is doing.
What do you think?
How bad my text is?
Please comment in the bottom ↓↓↓.
Another thing that I use to do in order to improve my language, especially my Listening and also my Speaking [while singing songs] is to search songs ♫ in the language I'm studying and its respective lyrics ♪.
So I hear the song, while I'm reading and cheking the lyrics and the pronunciation.
Also I try to listen to different accents.
For example, I try to listen songs of different English accents: British, American, Irish, all are different.
Also I use to watch movies in the languages I'm learning, especially in English.
But that's more difficult to do in French and in Japanese, because here in my country, there aren't too much movies in French and even less in Japanese.
But always I watch most of movies in English.
Actually, I prefer in English that in Spanish XD.
I know that the best thing you shoud do to improve a language is to speak in that language, but everyone I know, hate languages :'( and they don't wanna talk with me.
Well, that all for now, I think I've written enough =D.
I'll try to write another text in English.
But at leat for now, Do you think there's something else I could do in order to improve my languages?
See you later!
And thanks for reading my journal!
If there's something I could do to help you with your languages...
I'll be glad to help you!
Good-bye
[ING 012] THE TRIAL
When I realized that I was good at learning languages, I wondered how many languages a man would be able to learn.
Not very satisfied by the answer a teacher gave me (A man can't learn more than 20 languages, according to her) I just decided to find out the answer by myself.
At that time the only way I could answer that was using the internet (more than other people's opinions).
There I was able to find the incredible story of Giusepe Gasparo Mezzofanti who is said to have spoken about 80 languages when he was alive.
According to wikipedia he spoke 38 languages almost perfectly and was less confident in another 40.
Since he's not alive anymore there should be someone who takes his place nowadays.
And taking into account the Guiness book of world records' information this place seems to be for Fiaz Zahad who is said to claim to speak 58 languages almost perfectly.
Well, I am a bit skeptical when someone tries to state something like this, because I have my own view of "speaking a foreign language" and therefore, my own opinion about Bilingu- Polyglot- and Hyperpolyglotism, because of some things I learned at the university.
Well, I decided to have a look at Zahad's abilities and this was what I found: A video of a Chilean TV show to which he was invited and in which he would be asked some questions in different languages by different native people living in that country, such as journalists, ambassadors, etc.
However, what should have been an impressive exhibit of his gifts, became an embarrassing moment because he didn't understand what he was asked and he also made mistranslations.
As a reaction, one part of the internet public treats him as a fraud, while others prefer to upload comments to the video of the interview supporting him in several ways.
I want you to see the video and draw your own conclusions.
I'll give mine in the next entry because I don't want to write a very long one.
Well, it is in Spanish, but try to understand the moments he fails...
Before I leave my own comment, What do you think about that??
My old enemy
My old enemy attacks me again.
Some people have enemies like stress, drugs or just an animal.
But my enemy is called anxiety.
As soon as I discovered that I can learn several languages at the same time, I also realized that I am as good in speaking as in writing and I learn quickly from my mistakes.
However, This makes me feel I want to learn everything at the same time and I have not finished the first 10 pages of a Japanese book when I get bored and want to start learning Greek...
It is frustrating, because I get motivated when I can understand just a greeting in another language and want to keep switching from one language to the other all the time.
I would like to have all the patience you have to continue studying just one language at a time to become more fluent at least in one!!
A bit of theory - Part II
After having received some kind invitations to continue producing texts in English, I want my English-speaker friends (and everybody) to help me with this one which is the second part of a previous post.
As I mentioned before, it is a part of a project I made at the university and I want to hear some native’s voices.
As I mentioned before, it is part of a project I did at the university and I want to hear the opinions of some native speakers.
Thank you very much in advance for taking a bit of your time to help improve my English level.
MULTIMEDIA AND THE BRAIN
Some research has already underlined the importance of multimedia for
learning.
When using multimedia, information arrives through two different
channels, giving an advantage to learners whose predominant learning channel is auditive or visual.
predominant learning channel.
The picture shows a model that represents the way information arrives to the brain when using multimedia in children as well as in adults.
children as in adults.
COGNITIVE THEORY OF MULTIMEDIA LEARNING MODEL
According to the model, learning could be more effective if the information is combined in such a way that it can be perceived through both channels.
In addition, computers can also provide children with a peaceful environment increasing the number of Alpha waves that, as mentioned before, generate the
most effective state to learn.
There are two approaches to learning with technology: the technology-centered and the
learner-centered .
The first one has reigned for most of the 20th century
The first one has been dominant for most of the 20th
century with the ubiquity of motion pictures, radio and computers.
Nevertheless, it has not been successful as Cuban (2001) highlights:
“The introduction of information technologies into schools over the
past two decades has achieved neither the transformation of teaching and learning nor the productivity gains that a coalition of
corporate executives, public officials, parents, academics, and
educators has sought.” 
According to Norman (1993), this failure is caused by the assumption that teachers and learners will adapt to technology instead of assuming that technology has to take learners into account, adapting to both teachers and learners' needs.
As a result, a new view has appeared in which, as a consequence, the learner
As a result, a new view has arisen in which, as a consequence, the learner
is central, and the focus is on how people learn and use technology as a tool or aid, assuming that it is technology which has to adapt to teachers' and learners' needs.
2B Continued...
[ING-011] DILEMMA
A rat entered my bedroom!!!
A rat came into my bedroom!!! More colloquial, natural
A rat found its way into my bedroom!!!
Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently slid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.
Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently slid from the yard of my house into my bedroom.
Yup, I was correcting some texts at midnight when this little creature silently snuck into my bedroom from the backyard.
I just realized it when I saw its zigzaging tail announced its coming.
I realized it was there when I saw its zigzagging tail announcing its arrival.
I only realized it when I saw its zigzagging tail proclaiming its arrival.
It hid behind a sofa next to the door.
I wasn't expecting this encounter.
I didn't know what to do, because I don't want it to share my charming bedroom with me, neither did I want it to be killed.
I didn't know what to do because I don't want it to share my charming bedroom with me, but I didn't want it to be killed, either.
Both corrections so far are good, but floury's is the more common option: but I didn't want it to be killed, either.
Ok, I can imagine some of you saying to me "are you nuts?
come on, it's a rat, it's dangerous and unpleasant.
However, I literally can't even kill a fly, nor a flea, because I think that all living creatures make up part of a balance.
Some would say: is it balanced that there are millions of rats in the sewers?
Of course not, because a sewer is a human creation and that means that human beings have altered the normal balance of nature.
So, Alexander, would you let these rats in to eat your food?
Of course not, but I think they shouldn't be killed, because their massive existence is due to our massive exploitation of natural resources.
Of course not, but I don't think they should be killed, because their massive existence is due to our massive exploitation of natural resources.
Coming back to reality, my little friend was still there.
what should I do?
DidI have to wake someone just to get rid of my little friend ?
Did I have to wake someone just to get rid of my little friend ?
I can't tell what you meant here. Maybe: Did_I have to wake someone just to help me get rid of my little friend ? Or: Should I wake someone, only to come back and find that my little friend had disappeared?
Of course not.
My family doesn't think my way of thinking is appropriate for a country where not only rats, but also mosquitos and fleas become a great enemy if you don't control them.
So, I finally decided to take my umbrella and I slid its end under the sofa, and then...
it quickly escaped to his headquarters...
it quickly escaped to its headquarters...
Nothing more to do than cover its entrance with some old clothes and wait for tomorrow to arrive to make a decision.
I think the best decision in my case would be to capture it and set it free near the river.
I don't understand what you mean here. Why would you have to be at home for more than fifteen hours in order to take the rat to the river?
Meanwhile, I am a bit paranoid, because I just think that it escaped somehow and it's looking for meeeeeee...
Suggestion: Meanwhile, I am a bit paranoid, because I just keep thinking that somehow it has escaped and is looking for meeeeeee...
What do you think?
Do you think I'm nuts :) ?
[ING 002] How to better take advantage of Lang-8. TOP 10
These are the things I do to better take advantage of Lang-8:
1-The more frequently you write, the more you learn.
However if you write once in a blue moon, at least create a long text.
2-See other learner's corrected texts.
There is a proverb that says: Intelligent men learn from their own mistakes.
Wise men learn from others'.
That means that before you create a text, you can avoid making a mistake by looking how others wrote.
It also helps you to discover expressions that you may have never learned otherwise or that are difficult to find in texts.
(For me, this is better for languages like Korean, because study material is limited in my country).
3-Think and say (aloud or in your head) the text, before you write it.
It helps your brain to get used to the new language.
Remember that writing is a complement to oral expression and you'll never speak a language if you don't think using it.
4-I don't have anything to say.
What can I write about?
There is always something to write about.
The problem is that sometimes our brain seems to be stuck, because we are tired, sick or simply sleepy.
Read other's texts to get an idea or to activate your brain.
5-Write interesting texts.
If you do not write an interesting text, no one is going to correct you.
Something interesting can be a thought, something that happened to you, something you heard/read.
Even texts that are simple for you can be interesting for other cultures!!!
6-Be honest.
If you are trying to correct someone and you don't know whether something is well corrected, be honest and tell them that you have doubts.
Your help will be appreciated and there will be always someone ready to give an extra hand.
7-Be careful.
If you know that someone didn't correct anything appropriately, but instead,  got the writer confused, correct him using arguments (grammar reference) and avoid insults.
8-Be like a child.
That doesn't mean that you can write down words randomly waiting for others to discover what your secret code means.
Instead, that means to give all your best but exploring language as much as you can and accepting other's help even if you are a native speaker.
Instead, that means to give all your best but exploring language as much as you can and accepting other's help even if you are a native speaker.
9-Get people involved in your text.
Try to create texts where other people can give their point or view or participate.
As an example, you can use your posts as a forum, to get a question answered, or to play with words.
Those are just three examples among the hundreds that there are to choose from.
10-Give extra information.
If you have time, not only correct other's texts but give them extra options to say the same thing.
Propose synonyms.
Specify how can an expression can be used in other contexts.
This has been my top ten.
Of course there is other advice to take into account but I don't remember it.
Please correct my English and feel free to add whatever you think is necessary.
Do you agree with my TOP 10?
Thanks alot for having read my text...
[ING 013] THE RE-TELLING STRATEGY
THE RE-TELLING STRATEGY
Hi everybody!!
Today I want to talk about a learning strategy I have been using for a few weeks.
I want to share this learning method with you because it has been useful to me.
It is the well-known strategy called “re-telling”.
The idea is simple, you have to write something, it can be something that happened to you in the past, a news story you heard on the radio, or a story your parents used to tell you when you were younger.
It is important to say that what you want to say, in this case, has to have a body, I mean, a beginning, a middle and an ending.
It is important that what you want to say has a beginning, middle and end.
It is possible to use this learning strategy in several ways.
1-
The first one is the literal re-telling strategy.
Using this strategy, you should try to repeat a text exactly as it was said.
As an example, if your mother told you a tale beginning with: “once upon a time in a far, far away land, there was a magic kingdom…” You should repeat exactly that phrase.
That kind of approach will help you to memorise syntax rules and intonation patterns as well as your long term memory.
That kind of approach will help you to memorize syntax rules and intonation patterns as well as your long-term memory.
2-
The second one is similar to the previous one, but in this case it is not necessary to say it exactly as you were told.
However it is necessary to keep the order of the narration.
It could be called the direct telling strategy.
Taking into account the previous phrase as an example, using this approach you can vary the elements used, maintaining the same content: “Some time in the past, in a distant place , a fantastic realm existed …”
This approach will develop your long-term memory as well as your lexical competence, which you’ll use to make an interpretation (like a singer) of the story.
3-
In the third one you will change the order of the story, telling it literally or with your own words but maintaining the same content of the story.
It will help you to develop your communication abilities as well as your rhetorical skills and long-term memory.
4-
In the fourth approach, you’ll tell the story in the original or your own order, but modifying some parts of the content.
It could be the beginning, the middle or the end.
It will also help you to reinforce your communication abilities as well as your imagination, along with your rhetorical skills.
5-
In the fifth, and last case, you’ll take some elements from the story and you’ll create a new one from them.
The elements you can choose from are: 
Vocabulary- Use new vocabulary you didn’t previously know to practice it by building a new story.
Characters- You can use the same characters, but putting them in different settings with a different plot.
Plot-  You can use the same plot, but developing it with different characters.
I have seen that some users have used this method.
Like them, I have tried some of the different approaches, with magnificent results.
There are several ways to learn.
The ideas above are just some of the points you can take into account but you have surely found other points of view…
What do you think about this?
Have you ever tried it?
Was it good for you?
Looking forward for your feedback, which is always greatly appreciated!!
Looking forward to your feedback, which is always greatly appreciated!!
[ING-010] PRACTICING AN IDIOM
Hello everybody!!
This is just a short text to practice one of the idioms I have been studying from the book "speak English like an American".
This is just a short text to practice one of the idioms I have been studying from the book "Speak English ike an American".
Last Tuesday I went to a friend's house because he had called me just to meet, have something to drink and talk about whatever.
However, as soon as I arrived, I discovered that at his building entrance there was a new security guard.
However, as soon as I arrived, I discovered that at his building entrance there was a new security guard.
HHowever, as soon as I arrived, I discovered that there was a new security guard at the entrance to his building.
He was a fifty year old man with a very angry face.
He was a fifty year old man with a very angry face.
Then, as with the other visitors, he asked me where I was going and I answered him that I was going to my friend's house.
Then, as with the other visitors, he asked me where I was going and I answered him that I was going to my friend's house.
Since I didn't answer with the number of the apparment, he asked me again (a bit louder now) where I was going.
Since I didn't answer with the number of the apartment, he asked me again (a bit louder now) where I was going.
I answered that I didn't remember the number but as a regular visitor security guards usually let me in just by calling his apartment because previous guards obviously remembered the number of the apartment.
I answered that I didn't remember the number but as frequent visitor, security guards usually let me in just by calling to his apartment because previous guards obviously remembered the number of the apartment.
Of course I had a little problem.
But I didn't expect the guard to yell at me the way he did!!!
He yelled me as if I was a child who didn't know anything about life!!
He yelled at me as If I were a child who doesn't know anything about life!!
It was something like this:
How do you intend to be successful in life if you don't know where you are going?
How do you intend to be successful in life if you don't know the place where you're going?
Since I'm new here, of course I don't know the person you are talking about and it's impossible to let you in.
And it is impossible to let you in.
And I'm afraid I can't let you in.
Well, he was right, but the only person I would accept to yell at me.
Well, he was right, but the only person I would accept to be yelled at by.
that way is my mother.
I was already hungry and I wanted to tell him something in a high tone but I just remembered that " you need two people to start an argument" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his mood and I got out, called my friend and asked him what the number was. I guess the rest.
I was already hungry and I wanted to yell something back at him, but I just remembered that "to make a discussion you need two people" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his attitude and I got out, called my friend and asked him what the number was I guess the rest. What do you mean with "I guess the rest"?
I was already hungry and I wanted to answer back but I just remembered that "to have an argument, you only need two people" and I didn't want to be part of that couple so I finally decided not TO PUT UP WITH his mood and I left, called my friend and asked him what the number was.
Well, the idiom I wanted to practice was "TO PUT UP WITH".
Did I use it accurately?
Since this idiom is taken from the book "speaking English like an American", do you (people from other countries) have another version for this one?
Since this idiom is taken from the book "Speaking English like an American", do you (people from other countries) have another version for this one?
Just a final question:
If I want to refer to you as a group, can I say "LANG-ERS", "LANG8-ERS" or none of them?
If I want to refer to you as a group, can I say "LANG-ERS", "LANG8-ERS" or neither of them?
Thanks for you help LANG-ERS/LANG8-ERS...
A bit of theory - Part 1
This was a text I had to do for a university project.
Now I want some native speakers' perceptions of it.
Please help me.
THE BRAIN AND INFORMATION
Neurological studies have identified many of the aspects of foreign language learning.
To begin, it is important to say that the human brain has a great amount of electric and chemical activity.
The cerebral wave activity is classified into groups, each one named with a Greek letter: Alpha, Delta, Gamma and Theta.
Each of those groups has a different unit of cerebral wave cycles per second.
So, Alpha waves have a frequency of 0.5 and 0.4 cycles per second, and they are often found in a state of deep sleep.
Theta waves have a frequency of 5 and 7 cycles per second, and they are found in the state between wakefulness and dreaming.
Theta waves have a frequency of 5 to 7 cycles per second and they are found in a sleeping person until they begin to dream.
Alpha waves have a frequency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and a relaxed alert.
Alpha waves have a frequency between 8 and 14 cycles per second, and they are found in states of peace and of relaxed alert.
Beta waves have a frequency of 15 and 22 cycles per second, and they are found in a state of crisis, anxiety and aggressiveness.
Beta waves have a frequency of 15 to 22 cycles per second and are observed in states of crisis, anxiety and aggressiveness.
The massive production of Alpha waves in children makes them have a great learning capacity that can even allow them to achieve super-learning or accelerated learning when there is a state of peace.
The massive production of Alpha waves in children makes them have a great learning capacity that can even permit them to attain super-learning or accelerated learning when in a state of peace.
On the other hand, if there is a state of aggressiveness or stress, learning cannot be achieved.
On the other hand, in a state of aggressiveness or stress, such learning cannot be achieved.
So, it would be ideal to have some elements that let the brain create Alpha waves, such as water consumption, deep respiration, good posture and a relaxed environment.
In addition, it is necessary to take into account that there are three main ways through which the information arrives to the brain.
There are three main ways information reaches the brain . I wouldn't say "arrive to"... you can also add "through which" as floury suggested. I wouldn't use "it is necessary" at the beginning, because you did not say what it is necessary FOR. What you can do is try something like this: If we wish to find ways to maximize production of Alpha waves in the brain, it is necessary to take into account the three main ways...
These ways are called the perception channels, and are usually used by the NLP (neuro-linguistic programming) to generate positive and permanent changes in people's behavior.
In the first channel, information is perceived from visual stimuli.
Therefore, everything that can be seen goes to the brain through this channel, such as pictures, images, letters etc.
Therefore all that can be seen goes to the brain through this channel, such as pictures, images, letters etc. I actually don't have a problem with "all that can be seen," although I would never use it in everyday language.
In the second one, the information that goes to the brain is whatever can be heard, such as songs, words, phrases, etc.
The second channel transmits auditory information to the brain, such as songs, words, phrases, etc.
And finally, in the third one, the information is treated by the senses as when feeling different kinds of shapes, sizes, tastes, smells, etc. I don't understand this line.
And finally, the third channel processes differences perceived through the six senses; for example differences between different shapes, sizes, tastes or smells.
However, every human being has a predominant perception channel that is the most effective way of learning for him or her.
However, every human being has a predominant perception channel that is the most effective way of learning for them.
Hence, a person with a predominant visual channel conceptualizes the world in images, feels safer when he or she has the possibility to see images and figures, and learns faster when the information is presented as a visual stimulus.
Hence, a person with a predominant visual channel conceptualizes the world in images, feels safer when they have the possibility to see images and figures and learns faster when the information is presented as a visual stimulus.
Thanks for reading my text!!
:)
Quick message
I am a bit sad and frustrated.
Some of you may know that I write once in a blue moon.
When it happens, of course I want to be corrected.
I spend good time correcting others and giving them explanations if needed.
But the day before yesterday I wrote an entry in french and it seems that no one wanted to have a look on it.
This morning someone finally read it and even congratulated me because of the text.
however he said that I had some little mistakes.
I had a nice conversation, but at the end my text was not corrected.
And even now I really don't know what my mistakes were.
The main reason (he said) was that the text was very long and readers got bored while reading it.What you have is right. But the past tense sounds more natural to me. I will try to figure out an explanation.
In addition the topic is not very common.
But that's what I want to write about.
And that's why I am going to write shorter texts, even if I feel that I have too much to say. I think this was only a typo.
But I wonder if it is too much work to point out a single mistake and say "I'll come back later to correct the others" or "don't write such f***** long entries!!!...
I don't have time to write everyday and that's way I make a big effort to accumulate energy and focus on a text that takes me a long time.
I'll really appreciate your corrections and this time I hope you won't disapoint me.
Thanks for taking your precious time to correct me.
[ING 003] On time and Technologie
On time and technology
On time and technology
It has been evident to all us that new inventions have brought us a lot of advantages.
Among the wide range of items of this century and that are considered to be part of the human mind’s most incredible creations, it is possible to find trains, computers (in all their forms : Ipods, Pcs, mp3 players, etc ) and a thousand other things.
All these elements are the result of centuries of work in which the human being has tried to fight against the things that have made his life more difficult.
As an example, trains were created in order to eliminate space and time obstacles between people.
Let’s imagine for a moment the classic scene of the two lovers who have to separate from each other, having to wait a long time not only to see each other again, but also for receiving news from each other.
Traditional communication such as mail post took (and still take) too much time to bring a message that sometimes can save lives.
Horses have been replaced by planes as well as ships.
All those are inventions with the power to send a flower from Australia to Finland or a cd from South Africa to Canada.
More than the 50% of the population now is able to dream of traveling to a foreign land far away from their original continent.
This dream is also nourished by the thousand of images and videos watched everyday from every corner of the world.
Despite of the fact that I can spend even days talking about the advantages of current technology, today I want to talk about the negatives that still exist when using it.
Fifteen years ago I hardly knew that the best computer application was DOS.
Today my room is “decorated” with a printer and a laptop that is connected to a home theater in which I can listen to a Hi quality disc.
Ten years ago I knew that somewhere on the net I would find the answer to most of the questions I had just by typing the letters www.
google.
com and spending about ten minutes searching for the answer.
Eventhough human being adapts to everything, in this case adaptation has turned to be an exagerated search of taking advantage of time.
Nowadays, we get extremely stressed when google takes more than 5 seconds to show a result and we get even more stressed if we have to retype the words again because we didn’t write it properly.
We worry if a message we are waiting for doesn’t arrive immediately and we start to reload and reload hundreds of times our mail inbox page.
The worst thing is facebook, where thousands of people are stuck to the screen for hours just to wait and see that someone “likes” his last (from the thousands a day) comment.
I have tried to show that internet has changed our lifes in a positive as well as in a negative way.
On the other hand, does everybody try to use internet to take advantage of time or rather to use the rest of the time on it?
Social networks have become true social networks instead of being virtual social networks!
Teenagers read (useful things) less than before and spend more time in front of the screen instead of experiencing how a walk can make them feel better.
I realized that I have become addicted to Lang-8.
But it is only an addiction that tries to calm down my anxiety for learning languages.
In addition, I also discovered that my time conception depends on my environment.
It is up to me to change this.
And there is a lot to talk about concerning this topic.
Life has given me a warning that I want to follow.
I am thinking about a new way of leaning which I will explain in my newer posts.
Thanks for reading, correcting and commenting.
What is your conception of time??
[ING 001] THE WAY I LEARN
As a teacher, I always have to take into account every student's way of learning.
For example, some learn by listening and repeating while others are not able to learn unless they know the structure they are using.
Besides, there are some others that learn by translating while talking, and some others have to read in their minds what they are going to say.
As you may have experienced, everyone has a different way of learning.
But it is very ironic that I don't know my own way of learning.
In my first years at the university I just did the exercises the teachers proposed, that generally covered one unit of the student's book.
However I didn't feel motivated to study outside the classroom, maybe because I was not in an active learning process.
Nevertheless, one day I discovered that I could speak both French and English fluently (not perfectly, but I was able to convey a clear message).
Since that moment I could better manage my learning, because it became easier.
Some time later when I took some basic classes in Latin and German, I also found out that those languages were not difficult for me and I started to look for information about other ones.
Some time later when I took some basic classes in Latin and German, I also found out that those languages were not difficult for me and I started to look for information about others.
As a result, I finally decided to start to learn a new language.
My first experience with Russian was not very good, because there is no appropriated practice material and all that remains in my mind when I read a title like "Russian in 30 days" is an extreme frustration of not having mastered all the thousand ways to decline.
My first experience with Russian was not very good, because there is no suitable practice material and all that remains in my mind when I read a title like "Russian in 30 days" is an extreme frustration of not having mastered all the thousand ways to decline.
The same happened to me with other languages, whether or not they had a declension system. 
The same happened to me with other languages, whether or not they had a declension system. 
Last year a student of mine went to the USA and bought there a book that he gave me as a gift.
The book is called "Italian made simple" and I found it very interesting.
I started reading the lessons, the exercices, but I still was not able to start talking.
Before getting frustrated I decided to continue reading the book and surprisingly I got half of the book read, because its methodology was not bad at all and some expressions caught my attention.
That's how, one day I decided to start writing in Italian and finally discovered a possible way for me to learn.
I hadn't felt active in classes, because they were extremely progressive and I could not say whatever I wanted but just what the book allowed me.
However, this time was different!
My anxiety could be satisfied by searching through the book for what I needed.
For example, if wanted to use the future tense, I went to the unit where that topic was explained and I just applied it to a text.
The same happened with words, expressions and almost all the grammar!
These are the first two steps of my foreign language learning:
1-A rapid general grammar review.
2-A special selection of the items I need from that language to comunicate.
Of course there were things missing in the book, but I tried to fill in that blank using the on-line dictionary wordreference.
Step #3: 3-Search in the dictionary.
I finally was able to create a text, after having tested the new expressions in Google!!!
So, if you wonder whether an expression that you haven't seen before is right or wrong, you can type it in Google's search window and it will show you the right form and more things!!!
I tried to apply this "methodology" when I created my profile and it seems to have worked with German, Italian and Portuguese.
I hope to be able to recreate the experience with other languages (Romanian, Russian, Finnish and Japanese are in my list).
The problem is that it takes too much time, but once I get an expression right, it remains in my head!!!
I am trying other ways to learn and I will talk about it, but later.
But the only thing I need is your help.
So, I will be glad if you correct any mistake you see in all my texts.
Thanks for reading!!!
[ING-009] Correcting texts
Hello everybody!
Since one of the learning process' steps is "metacognition" (to know/recognize what you know or you don't) I decided to have a look at a text a friend recommended me to review.
She trusts me and I don't want to dissapoint her.
However I did my best to help her, but it was a bit dificult for me since I could not find a perfect translation for some sentences.
Please help me.
I think I'll do this very often because it forces me to make an effort to discover grammar stuff.
Thanks a lot.
My friend's text:
DIFFERENT WAYS OF HAVING FUN
DIFFERENT WAYS OF HAVING FUN
In my opinion I think that our cultures are different even in small things like our tendencies for having fun. The individual histories of our countries have given them very different idiosyncrasies, needs, temperaments and conceptions of life.
One of the most important places for having fun in Australia are the casinos, as the people have more financial capacity to have a lot of fun gambling in big casinos, even the oldest people. It is a habit that goes back many generations.
They are a population that also enjoys many opportunities to travel across their enormous country and throughout the world .
Although it is clear that in Colombia our people don´t have the same opportunities, we handle our resources better and feel more satisfied with simple activities such as going out to a city park,_or meeting with some friends to watch some movie at home.
I think the big difference is that our people, regardless of social level, can satisfy their needs more easily given their situation, while to a large degree for Australians most often it is difficult to meet requirements, although life in the countryside is different than in large cities in Australia where people are calmer and have little expectations, similar to Colombia.
Another traditional activity many people enjoy is collecting different items and then doing exhibitions of them .
In the end, I think the kind of fun varies according to age, social standing, and place of residence. Worldwide it is the same, as through globalization customs have unified a little bit .
My suggestions:
DIFFERENT WAYS OF HAVING FUN
DIFFERENT WAYS OF HAVING FUN
In my opinion/I think that our cultures are different even in small things such as our preferences for having fun.
The history of our countries itself, has made our peoples’ idiosyncrasies very different (our needs, our temperaments and our way of conceiving life).
One of the most important places for having fun in Australia are casinos.
Australians have more financial capacity to have fun in big casinos.
Even for the oldest people, it is a habit that goes back many generations.
They are people that also enjoy many opportunities to travel across their enormous country and the world.
Although it is clear that in Colombia people don´t have the same opportunities, we handle our resources better and are more satisfied with simple activities such as going out to a city park, or meeting with some friends to watch some movies at home.
I think the big difference is that our people (regardless of social standing), can satisfy our needs easier given our situation, while a large percentage of Australians find it difficult to have all their needs met.
Of course, life in the Australian countryside is different than in the large cities, where people are calmer and have little expectations, similar to Colombia.
Of course, life in the Australian countryside is different than in the large cities, where people are calmer and with few expectations, similar to life in Colombia.
Another traditional activity that many people enjoy, is collecting different items and then doing exhibitions of them.
In the end I think the kind of fun people prefer varies according to age, social level, and place of residence. It is the same worldwide , because globalization has unified customs a little bit.
What annoying partner i have!
Wherever you study you will have friends and classmates.
I study at the university and the kind of classmate that I hate is the one who doesn't work in group.
The electric engineer must go to the phisics laboratory, because is a course we can't choose to take.
Once i had a partner who dind't want to say anything in the group work, all of us were sharing ideas and writing the bests but this smart didn´t notice that we were upset with his behavior.
I couldn't stand anymore this situation and told him to do number one and two of the experiments and then he start to work.
Thank you for reading this experience.
Greetings...
Holaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Hola, soy nuevo en el servicio, y estoy con todas las ganas para compartir lo que pueda.
Saludos para los que desean conversar con alguien en español.
Weekend 
Today began my vacation, but I will only rest. I will sleep a lot to replenish my energy.
This month the examinations are over, so right now I'm happy. I'm going to celebrate with my classmates, but it's raining with a possibility of snow in the east city, near the Andes mountains.
It would be boring if it stopped raining, but I'd rather be in good company.
Thanks you for his corrections.
Doubt
Hi, I'm not sure about the usage of verbs "say" and "tell".
The verb "say" is used for sentences with informal words.
The verb "tell" is used for sentences with afirmatives that are either true or false. ( more formal)
Thank you for helping me.
Tiger " Tora"
For years, I have liked the Japanese art of "irezumi." I was reading and looking at pictures by the master Hiriyoshi.
I was thinking of getting a new tattoo on my left arm, I believe it is a very important decision putting something on your body, but it can be erased with a laser it don't funnier without grace because and it has personal meaning that we must preserve.
I would like to get a tattoo of the Tiger or "tora," not for fashion, I like it because it is considered by the Chinese to be one of the four sacred animal symbols, the North representing the autumn and control of the winds.
Also strength, courage and long life.
The tiger is also said to be able to ward off bad luck.
He will design the process, I want a tattoo that is only and exclusively mine, I hope it can be ready before next month.
Thanks so much for your corrections...
Listen Reggae Music 
Hi Everyone, I have been busy and I didn't write but on Friday I was listening to reggae music by the Argentinian singer Dread Mar I, I discovered her music two months ago and I really like it, there are several tracks on the disc Vivi-en-do which are very good, relaxing and calming.
Hi Everyone, I have been busy and I haven't written, but Friday I was listening to reggae music by the Argentine singer Dread Mar I. I discovered her music two months ago and I really like it. There are several tracks on the disc: Vivi-en-do are very good, relaxing and calm.
In my free time, I searched for the lyrics of a song that I like.
Today I write on paper
Today I wrote a paper
things I lived in yesterday
and save my heart for her
and so I feel and I will live
with sincerity of heart 
has taught me a to stay whole.
has taught me to stay whole.
I've learned to always look 
what's right for me or what is wrong
for what's right for me or wrong
and so I want to sing and continue living
It will write more times 
and my soul in the paper fails
and I will try make and dreams. Try making my dreams come true?
It will write more times 
and my soul in the paper fails
and I will try make and dreams. Try making my dreams come true?
It's a simple song, but it's relaxing and helps me rest all day 
Have a good day
Thanks for your corrections
Regards
Portable Audio
A portable audio player is a mobile device that allows the user to hear pre-recorded sound. It uses two different types of media storage: analog and digital.
The first portable audio device was:
Phonograph:
The phonograph consisted of a cylinder of wax that could both record and reproduce sound by spinning a needle over the surface.
Gramophone
The gramophone is similar to the phonograph, but this presented a disc plan No entiendo la frase "but this presented a disc plan." ¿Puedes describirla en otras palabras?
The main advantage was find production factor than phonograph.No entiendo esta oración. ¿Puedes describirla en otras palabras?
Vinyl
Vinyl also reproduces sound by means a needle. Vinyl spins on a turntable but it has better sound quality than the gramophone and phonograph.
Today, they being made but in small quantities normally used by disc jockeys.
The invention of the cassette could be considered the beginning point of developing a portable audio player.
Cassettes 
Walkman.
Esta oración usa la voz pasiva. Te recomendaría que uses la voz activa: "Philips created the cassette player in 1963." 
The cassette player consumed little energy and could be easily carried.
The first cassette player model lead to the development of the battery-powered Walkman in 1979.
CD.
They use an optical laser for scanning a reflective aluminum layer.
Minidisc
Esta oración usa la voz pasiva. Te recomendaría que uses la voz activa. Sony manufactured the minidisc in 1992.
The minidisc is a high quality player that uses a digital audio format.
MP3
The MP3 player is a recent invention.
It uses a compressed digital audio format 
It uses software to play audio, so the physical component (disc, cassette, CD, etc.) is no longer necessary.
..) allowed greater storage capacity.
Era un placer. :P
Sports 
Today, I was reading a newspaper article about the tennis match between Borg and McEnroe in Wimbledon in 1980, which Borg won and lost the next year.
My opinion article is more interesting and different styles, personality, player's tennis, now actually tennis with Federer, Nadal and Djokovic winners all champhionship some Borg and Mc but incresed prize in money example men´s and Women's singles each took home about 1.8 millon in Wimbledon  like not before.
The competition is very difficult, there is young, new talent every day, but satisfaction for reaching the top and winning more money is, I believe, are men´s and women's greatest strength.
I think that, in player's tennis, it is actually necesary to earn more acctitud?? With exception, Fededer is a gentleman and a good man.
I saw the former number-one player Pete Pistol play against "Chino" Rios in Santiago. They?? are now retired, but still played well.
Chance
Today, I don't think I only want to rest...
So I'm learning English. Its pronunciation is very difficult, but I undertand that there are days when I will want to learn more and more.
I wonder what life is like in other countries?...
culture,hot,cold,food and drinks, people ..
If you want to choose a place to travel and relax in peace, where should it be?
How to speak multiple languages without mixing them up.
I was reading  blog in internet, How to speak multiple languages without mixing them up?.
It´s possible...
I think so, is very difficult because I found words similar in english,portuguese and spanish but If  you want to learn other languages there are take trouble.
Thanks for your corrections...
Best Regards Ricardo
Today is a great day
Today is Friday..
We are going to the selection football-soccer match when the American Cup is in Argentina. I often meet my friends to watch TV.
So, we eat and drink there and wait for the match to start ..
If Argentina is the winner, there is a national party, our people have a great passion for soccer..
If we lose, we don't listen, but today the winner if or if ???...
Good luck
several 1 
Are You take a risk? Maybe "Are you interested in taking a risk? Do you like to take risks?"
“New ways of Getting around” there are some inventions for land and sea.
On Land  
*The wheelman: the design is simple, it's very similar to skateboarding and surfing.
*Trikkesccoter; Made of aluminum and it is very light.
On Sea
*Outrider is attached to strange-looking skis, allowing it to run smoothly over the water.
*Powersky jet board, this creation brings greater ease to water skiing and freedom of surfing.
Thanks for your corrections
Best regards
Ricardo
Doubt 2
Hi everyone I'm not sure about the usage  of   adjetive whole and all.
All is more global  and whole is more specific.
I don't undertand diference between its, 
Thanks for help me.
Educational System 
I was reading in the newspaper about problems in universities. Students are prostesting against the current educational system in Chile, calling it "una mierda".
The Chilean government, under the circumstances, hasn't been capable of resolving the problem.
Nobody said it would be easy to change from one day to another, but education and health are developing in the country.
Now students are on a hunger strike...
We are talking to children, fighting for our rights, if they listen the next generations will receive dignity and quality education.
The New York Times made the report....
A kind of diary
Hi everybody!
I'm Carla and I'm from Valencia, Spain.
Yesterday, I thought: "I have to practice my English!" So I am here.
I wanted to write something on this website, but I do not have any ideas.
So I thought to start a kind of diary.
However, when I was a child I started a lot of diaries, and...
well, I only wrote two or three pages.
But this is different.
It is written in English!
I think it could be...
funny?
Interesting?
I don't know!
Time will tell.
Where do I start?
As I said, my name is Carla.
I am eighteen years old and this is my first year at University.
Now, we have just started the second term, and I have changed completely all the subjects.
Last term I had English, Spanish, Catalan, Translation and Classic Culture.
Now, I have English, still, Linguistics, Literature, Technology and Philosophy - don't ask me why I have that one.
This week I found out some of the results of the exams.
I have an A on three of them!- I don't know the others yet.
I am watching the time and I realise that...
I have a lot of homework!
I have to read two texts, do a summary for the English class and write a letter to an English friend (I will tell of my visits to England another time).
I think...
Maybe the next time it could be called "A kind of autobiography"!
Bye!
Today´s meeting
Hello everybody,
Today was a stressful day, I´d prepared a presentation yesterday using MS PowerPoint. My boss did not have enough time to check it out and only gave me a quick review. The presentations had,too many mistakes in the written English and in the content itself.
I did the corrections today, but even so I am unable to correct all of them just the form in the content.
In the presentation time, I experienced some difficulties speaking in a fluently manner, but even so I could communicate my ideas about a developing project under my responsibility right now.
I wish to be brief in my first post?, I know i had too many mistakes and it will be really appreciated if someone corrects me, please.
Thanks a lot.
Betrayed by my mind
Sometimes I wonder if my health is ok.
I think everybody has several symptoms like headache, nausea and weakness, it could be attributed to any sort of illnesses like, Cancer, diabetes, kidney malfunction etc..
but may be just caused by stress.
Since I realized my work is very stressful, even if it's easy but as I need to process everything in tree languages, french, english and spanish.
I must to transform the information I caught to the computer language or in a set of instructions for some software configuration.
In addition I wish to have a better salary and find some other job that allows me increase my rates.
Also adding my family needs, mmm I had so few time for myself, because I need improve my english and french skills if I really want raise to the next level.
This kind of life i can't afford for a long time because human being need some good feedback in order to have some kind of reward having the success sensation.
Instead of that I receive some symptoms that my body raises in warning about how much I work, then I think I have some strange illness and my mind tries to ignore them but really I need putmy priorities in order and take it easy to get calm, even if I am in a deadlock.
Thanks to all whom gives to me some corrections and thanks again because I did two things at the fly, one is write out in english the other one is to do a flush about my feelings.
Thanks again
My first message in Lang-8
Hello
This is my frist message in Lang-8, I want to learnt english to travel around the world, I would like to visit a lot of place like(USA, Russia, Japan...) but for this I need to speak English fluence however in this moment my english is very bad, I have problem whith grammar and listenning.
This summer I stayed in UK(Cambridge) for study english, I enjoyed much there, I want came back there this summer when I will end my study.
See you soon.
helloooooo
hello I'm learning English and i want to improve my spelling.....
some one want to be my friend???
Please read this important message / Por favor lea este mensaje
First of all thanks for reading this, I'll try to keep this message short.
Last week a huge earthquake hit Chile and several cities were damaged, people lost their lives, and many of  the survivors lost their homes.
Today Chile's having a campaign (Chile Ayuda a Chile) to reunite money to build houses for the families that lost theirs.
If you can help, even if it's by little, please do it.
You can watch the live feed of the event at: http://www.chileayudaachile.cl/
Here are the links to help:
YouTube account with video messages from Chilean and international artists:
Please, translate this message into your own language or the languages you're learning and write an entry, help us spread it through the world, help us to rebuild Chile.
Thank You.
Hello!
Hi! My name is Yessy. I'm interested in learning English.
I live in the USA and I love the English language .
Help me
Hi, my name is Rigo.
And I am from Mexico.
I would like to talk with somebody who wants to help me  and I'll help too..
I would like to talk with somebody that wants to help me, and I will help them too.
I would like your answer, please.
Thanks
Well to start I would like to express deep gratitude to all persons who have directly participated in the development of this project.
It must also acknowledge the generous collaboration of the ladies of corporate training center of Guayaquil, without whose help it would be impossible to establish the precedent that has been achieved during the development of this subject.
Hi
Best regards
This is my first test ot write on english
i can do it
hello everyone`s 
right now  i start  my english lesson,well i want to get a good guide .
and day by day go better
Cover Letter
Malaga, SpainNovember 15, 2009
Dear  Billing Support Department :
My name is *************, and I’m very interested in the job offer.
It would be a pleasure for me to work for a company&nbsp;that granted me a lot of entartainment.
Over the past few years, I have worked for various jobs where I learned about client relationship, both person-to-person and on the phone.
As a person, I am highly motivated and extremely well-organized.
I have an outgoing personality and a cheerful disposition, and I believe that these characteristics have made me&nbsp;more &nbsp;competent communicator.
Consequently, I love working with people and feel that&nbsp;I am able to build useful rapport with customers and colleagues alike.
I hope the information provided will prove to be sufficient and adequate.
Nevertheless, if you need additional information please do not hesitate to contact me.
I will be glad to answer any questions you may have.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely yours,
******
So...I'm here again..
I love this site! 
It was such a great idea to join here..
I would like to start by writing a little about myself.
I'm sixteen years old, I live in Santa Cruz, Bolivia (I don't know if you know where is that, but it's in South America) I'm a junior, but by now I have problems about what I'm going to study at college.
I really, really love to read, especially books of Stephen King, and the trilogy of Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan, ''Nocturna'' (The title is in spanish, I don't know how is it in english).
Books are my religion.
Please, don't judge me just because I'm just sixteen, I think I'm very intelligent for being a teenager.
I really would like to help to others with Spanish (I know how to write it well, believe it or not) :) 
Thanks for reading!
Andreina.
Monday... The best day of the week? I don't think so. 
Monday!
Pff.
I don't know why, but on Monday mornings I'm always in a bad mood.
And it is for many reasons, sometimes I didn't sleep well, I had to do my homework at night, or maybe I was just sending text messages.
The first subject of the day is Philosophy.
I used to like this subject, well, I still like it, but the teacher is so bored! (or is it bored?
I can't remember , sorry.) Always, always he talks about how lazy and clumsy we are.
I wish he could shut up for a few minutes..!
I miss my other teacher, she was great.
Today was a good day, my English exam was great and I had such an amazing time with my friends...
I wish classes finished soon!
Thanks for reading,
Andreina.
Take a break! :)
Well, I do not like write this, but I have to write it. :P I will take a break from my english classes at my institute...
I do not wish that!
But I'm going to travel with my family so....
>.<''' NOOO..!!
because now I'm at the advanced level..
and that takes a year at least. ○liist●
I really love learning English!
Last year I did not travel, because I spent all of my vacation at the institute, and my parents do not want to stay here just for me :/ they want to travel!!
But...
It is kind of..
"bittersweet"?
I'm a little excited about the travel..
so..
thumbs up!
:)
Bye!
andreina
September!!! :)
It's my month!!
hehe, September is my birthday month, so that is why I am so ecstatic!
Finally...
wow!
the year is like..
flying...
hehe..
but, something I hate about this month is that I have a LOT, A LOT of homework..
but classes are ending, so that is something that doesn't make me sad.
I think I will write soon, I hope so.
Andreina :)
My best friend's birthday is coming!
My best friend is Reymi.
We have been friends since november of 2010.
I know that could be a short time to meet a person, but, in this case, it was not like that.
We are not at the same school, so that is a little hard for me, but we are at the CBA, my institute for learn English.
He always gives me good advices, he make me laugh all the time, and I can talk to him about anything.
His birthday is on september 9th, and I know the perfect gift for him: a Sthephen King's book.
It is his favorite author, and I know he will love it.
This book is going to be something special for me, because he will leave the institute, and I will not see him daily.
I try to not think a lot about that, because it make me feel devastated.
He is a good friend, and I do not want to lose him.
thanks for reading,
Andreina.
I have a scholarship!!! :) 
My institute of English, CBA, has just gave me a scholarship!
I'm ecstatic!
Those scholarships just are given by the CBA to the best students of each book, so I very happy!
I have to study hard to get more scholarships like that...
So happy!
And by now, I'm fishing my Intermedium book, and I will pass to the next level, more advanced.
So excited!
Andreina :)
''Expocruz'' Fair..
It's coming!
That fair is the biggest one here in my city, so, everyone is excited.
Last year I couldn't go, but this year I will go with my friends, it will be so fun!
This fair starts on the 16th and it ends on the 25th I think, so I think I will go at the beginning.
because when it ends it is so crowded!!
Oh!
and this tuesday the school will give me my grades...
I'm a little nervous...
a little?
I'm so nervous!
Andreina.
Welcome to myself..! (:
I'm Andrea, but I would like people to call me Andreina.
I've been studying English since last year in an institute, CBA.
Well, there they told me about a great page, Lang-8; they told me that, in this page, I would find a lot of help for the way that I write, and other things too.
So...
here I am!
I have never been on this kind of page on the internet (you know, I just only surf and check my facebook) but, I hope that the people here can help me. See you, and thank you very much for reading this.
Have a nice day,
Andreina.
Japanese..I want to learn it now! :(
How I wish I could learn right now Japanese!
It is one of my dreams...
but no..
my mother said that I needed to learn first English, and the I could learn whatever kind of language I want.
But..
in my institute said that I had to study English a year more, because recently I will pass from Intermedium English to Advanced English..
But..
a year??!!
That is a lot!
I will finish the school for that year, and I will be going to college!
That is not fair!
I think I will be busy..
but I really want to learn japanese..
I know how to use chopsticks, my favorite food is Okonomiyaki; and the Dangojiru and miso soup..
I wish learned japanese, so I could understand Ayaka's ( 絢香 ) songs too!
well, it is my dream..
and I want to make it true!
Andreiina.
All in all you're just another brick in the wall.
I woke up today and the first thing that I thought of was to listen to Pink Floyd, It's a good thing to take energy for a happy day
I can't follow the lyrics of the songs to perfection, but I hope one day I will be able to do that =]
I have a question about a sentence in a song:
Daddy, what'd'ja leave behind for me?!?
why did they say "what'd'ja"?
Is it correct to write this contraction this way?
Live every day as if it were your last and then some day you'll be right.
Doubts
Hi,
I took a test last Friday and it was kind of hard, especially because there were some words that I couldn't even find in the dictionary.
For instance, I was asked to find the mistake in this sentence: You shouldn't turn down an opportunity when you get one.
So I wasn't sure what the mistake is.
Can you help me???
ciao
ciao io sono facundo , vengo dall'Argentina e ho 20 anni Puoi anche dire "sono argentino" anziché "vengo dall'Argentina"
io sono stato in italia, è un paese bellissimo
Mi piace anche la lingua italiana per questo la voglio imparare.
io so parlare in inglese e spagnolo
se qualcuno vuole aiutarmi me lo dica :)
un bacio a tutti
aspetto la correzione
baci
What should I do...
What should I do for this journal?
My computer cant support many japanese, so I used my moms laptop.
Then again, Im in my computer so i might as well do an English journal.
hmmmm....
I cant think of anything..
any ideas for a weekly journal in English?
interes
Hola , quiero saber como se utiliza esto?
alguien puede ayudarme ?
Everyone's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)
I would want to share with everybody a video that I found in YouTube .
I really like it.
I also searched the lyrics and pasted it bellow.
Originally, there were some wrong spelling (I realized because a pasted it on MS-Word before pasting it here).
Any way, it's nice!
Have a nice weekend!
★Everyone's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)★
Ladies and Gentlemen of the class of '99.
Wear sunscreen.
If I could offer you one tip for the future, sunscreen
would be it.
The long-term benefits of sunscreen have been proved by
scientists whereas the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my
own meandering experience...
I will dispense this advice now
Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth; oh,
never mind, you will not
understand the power and beauty of your youth until
they've faded.
But trust
me, in 20 years you'll look back at photos of yourself
and recall in a way
you can't grasp now, how much possibility lay before
you and how fabulous
you really looked.
You are NOT as fat as you imagine.
Don't worry about the future; or worry, but know that
worrying is as
effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by
chewing bubblegum.
The
real troubles in life are apt to be things that never
crossed your worried
mind; the kind that blindside you at 4pm on some idle
Tuesday
Do one thing everyday that scares you.
Sing.
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts.
Don't
put up with people who
are reckless with your's.
Floss.
Don't waste your time on jealousy; sometimes you're
ahead, sometimes you're
behind.
The race is long, and in the end, it's only with
yourself.
Remember compliments you receive.
Forget the
insults.
If you succeed in doing
this, tell me how.
Keep your old love letters.
Throw away your old bank
statements.
Stretch.
Don't feel guilty if you don't know what you want to do
with your life.
The most interesting people I know didn't know at 22
what they wanted to do
with their lives; some of the most interesting 40 year
olds I know still
don't.
Get plenty of calcium.
Be kind to your knees, you'll miss them when they're
gone.
Maybe you'll marry, maybe you won't.
Maybe you'll
have children, maybe you
won't.
Maybe you'll divorce at 40.
Maybe you'll dance
the funky chicken on
your 75th wedding anniversary.
Whatever you do,
don't congratulate
yourself too much or berate yourself either - your
choices are half chance,
so are everybody else's.
Enjoy your body, use it every way you can...
don't be
afraid of it, or what
other people think of it...
it's the greatest instrument
you'll ever own.
Dance...
even if you have nowhere to do it but in
your own living room.
Read the directions, even if you don't follow them.
Do NOT read beauty magazines they will only make
you feel UGLY.
CHORUS
Brother and sister together we'll make it through.
Someday your spirit will take you and guide you there.
I know you've been hurting, but I've been waiting to be there for you.
And I'll be there just helping you out whenever I can.
Get to know your parents, you never know when they
might be gone for good.
Be nice to your siblings; they're your best link to your
past and the
people most likely to stick with you in the future
Understand that friends come and go, but for the
precious few you should
hold on.
Work hard to bridge the gaps in geography
and lifestyle because the
older you get, the more you need the people you knew
when you were young.
Live in New York City once, but leave before it makes
you hard.
Live in
Northern California once, but leave before it makes
you soft.
Travel.
Accept certain inalienable truths.
Prices will rise,
Politicians will
philander, you too will get old.
And when you do, you'll
fantasize that when
you were young, prices were reasonable, politicians
were noble, and children
respected their elders.
Respect your elders.
Don't expect anyone else to support you.
Maybe
you have a trust fund,
maybe you'll have a wealthy spouse; but you never
know when either one might
run out.
Don't mess too much with your hair, or by the time you're
40, it will look 85.
Be careful whose advice you buy, but, be patient with
those who supply it.
Advice is a form of nostalgia; dispensing it is a way of
fishing the past
from the disposal, wiping it off, painting over the ugly
parts, and
recycling it for more than it's worth.
But trust me on the sunscreen.
CHORUS
Everybody's free.
Everybody's free.
Please.
Could somebody  check my essay?
Thank you very much in advance.
Another Car
My car is getting pretty old, so I´m thinking about buying a newer car...
some friends are telling me to buy a Honda Civic and talk about it as if it was the best car ever, I´ve never had a japanese car, I suppose they gotta be good if so many people preffer them.
I wonder if they are just being honda civic fanboys though.
When the earthquake happened in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico.
Hace un año tembló en Mexicali donde yo vivo.
A year ago, we had an earthquake in Mexicali where I live.
Fue de 7.2 no habiamos tenido un temblor tan fuerte en los ultimos 20 años.
We hadn´t had an earthquake that strong in the last 20 years.
Fue interesante para mi y aterrador para la mayoría.
It was interesting to me but terrifying for most people.
Justo cuando me empecé a preocupar dejó de temblar.
When I actually began to worry, the quake stopped.
Aunque le hizo algunos daños a la ciudad, la mayoría de las personas perdieron sus televisores solamente.
Although it did some damage to the city, most people just lost their TVs.
Pasamos unas horas sin servicios básicos y unos dias consternados pero todo volvió a la normalidad rápidamente.
We spent a few hours without basic services and a few days in dismay but everything went back to normal rapidly.
Hasta la última semana solía pensar que mi madre exageraba con respecto al terremoto que vivimos, pero ahora que he visto lo que pasó en Japón, estoy realmente agradecido de cuan suertudos fuimos.
Up until last week I used to think my mother made a big deal out of the earthquake we experienced, but now that I´ve seen what's happened in Japan, I really appreciate how lucky we were.
I´m adding some pictures I got from Google.
There is a volcano near Mexicali, Mexico.
ENGLISH PRACTICE 1
I just deleted all the stuff I had written, I´ve decided to write an actual personal journal.
Now, I´m gonna do it in English because, after all English is my second language and the whole point of this web page is so, I´m sure there will be plenty of stuff for me to improve on, heck lord knows that would probably be the case even if I were to write this in spanish. "...is to help out with languages so..."
Anyways,  So I´ll get started.
I´m currently 25 years old, and at this point in my life, I have come to realize that most of the stuff I´ve done so far, has happened because I thought I was supposed to do it, and it´s not that I regret anything, but now I understand why I felt confused and lost after graduating from university.
After getting my degree, I didn´t automatically get a job, in fact I spent several months doing almost nothing (well I´m kinda always working as a freelance illustrator but that´s really just a hobby), and that kinda depressed me, I felt like such a loser, but I didn´t know what to do, I didn´t want to just get a job, what about my ¨dreams¨ what about the stuff that was supposed to happen, you know, we all go through this at some point, and people tell jokes about it all the time, but damn!, that still doesn't make it any easier to accept, does it?.
Last year I found a job opportunity as a videogame designer, I did many tests and actually got the job, I felt so happy because I thought I would be doing something close to my dream (after all I HAD studied to be a designer) and to be honest, it felt good to have got the job over many other applicants.
Unfortunately as the months went by, I lost hope in the company, most of their videogames were copied versions of other famous games, and after talking to many co-workers, I realized they would never let me make an original game. They even scolded me once for not copying other games.
So since I wasn´t making that much money anyways, I just quit, I mean after all, I wasn´t even working for them directly, but through another company that specialized in hiring people.
I would´ve ¨lived¨ in that studio for something I believed in, and I almost did sometimes, but then...
well...
I already wrote that.
So yeah, right now, I´m fighting to do what I really feel like doing...
I always wanted to learn Japanese?
never did cuz I was led to believe it was too damn hard and there was no point in it since I already spoke English anyways; fuck it I´m learning Japanese. I never learned to play the guitar as a teenager; fuck it I'm learning to play the guitar; I need to get a job?
I´ll teach  english...
I´m not good enough?
I´m not really a teacher yet? Fuck it I´ll learn that too.
I never really did a journal; thought it was pointless; who would care about this stuff; fuck it I´m writing it for myself.
This generation...
my generation, doesn´t really seem to know what they want, you grow up watching TV, playing videogames and daydreaming, but sooner or later you have to wake up.
I try not to whine but, this is kinda what I see around me and sometimes still see in myself...
I don´t think it ever goes away, I believe now that we ought to be always looking for our own paths to walk, to make our own lives the adventure we want to live, and just knowing that is exciting already.
From the TV perspective
Two and a half men is a very popular tv show, my parents watch it like...
almost everyday haha, they have been watching the show for about a year or so, I never knew it was such a global phenomenon until now that the big news that the show´s been canceled is all over the place, heck I just watched a movie called Due Date (or something) and that show is featured in it.
I like Two and a half men, sometimes I watch it and it does make me laugh, but like most american shows I´ve enjoyed, I don´t ever really get hooked to them, not like japanese anime shows, which are more like mexican soap operas+kung fu with one big story arch that encompases ten or twenty episodes, I wonder which formula is actually more evil hahaha, I´ve been watching anime since I was like 4, and I would always get so hooked to their stories and characters.
Now, I used to be a hardcore gamer (now I´m casual...
that´s what they all say I know), and I also wonder why the Japanese never do First Person Shooter videogames or even RTS (real time strategy) games, and why Americans rarely do RPG games, well actually they make them more frequently now but it´s usually in the form of a First Person Shooter/RTS game!
haha.
Anyways there´s a point to this haha, pretty much, I notice that the japanese tend to have more solid ideals or methods that reject change while americans tend to be more flexible with their philosophies, I mean that´s kind of what I´ve been noticing, and at least those differences show a lot in their pop culture.
Of course the USA is a melting pot of cultures while Japan is pretty much unicultural.
In Mexico, I think people from the south are a little bit more like the Japanese, more formal, more traditional, they probably even have a more powerful sense of pride in being Mexican(or whatever they are/do), while in the North we are more informal, we speak kinda rude sometimes, yell a lot more, we speak our mind more, we expect others to speak their minds, we rarely wear suits in our jobs, haha etc.
Of course when you travel you learn things might not be as stereotipical but I assume that as time goes by, and the world becomes a more global society, new, maybe more organic forms of behavior will develope.
I might not know much about the world yet but, I´m pretty sure thats already happening.
ANIME in my LIFE
There are many things I like to do, but one particular hobby and sometimes part time job of mine is to draw, I remember drawing since I was four years old, I was a fan of a show called G Force or Gatchaman in Japan, that´s the first anime show I can remember ever watching, then when I was six or seven I´d watch Iron 28 (Tetsujin 28) I loved that show, Then came along Saint Seiya, and every kid would watch that, it was a phenomenon but the actual figurines/toys were very expensive so I only had a few (I was particularly fond of Greek mythology since my grandad used to tell me the stories).
Man I was so god damn addicted to Saint Seiya!!!, then a friend of mine was watching a show called Dragon Ball, and I hadn´t payed attention to it because it was the story of a kid and I was already watching epic battles in Saint Seiya, nevertheless Dragon Ball got us all hooked as the kung fu tournaments began to take place in the series and soon enough we all began to forget about ¨EL METEORO DE LA ESTRELLA DE PEGASO¨!!!...
sigh now that I look back at saint seiya, it was such a repetitive show haha they´d always use the same rutines and story arch formulas.
So yeah, by the time Dragon Ball Z began to air in Mexico it was already 1997, and I was in Junior High, everybody watched the show, like every kid, otaku kid or not we would watch the show, many even recorded it, I remember my TV broke and I couldnt use the one in the living room, and I had to hit it to make it work haha poor tv.
So thats when I was drawing all the time, I was one of the kids who were famous for his drawings skills, and we werent that many, maybe five kids in the whole school could copy like I could, at least 5 kids my age...
and yes we would only copy...
kinda lame I think.
A couple years later a ¨drawings¨ rival friend I had, lost my copied drawings I was so proud of (they were many, like 40 drawings) or so he said, and I thought I´m never copying again and ever since I´ve only drawn my own characters, well I guess we all copy to a certain degree, there´s no such thing as originality, after all we are all composite human beings.
So well, I kinda became an Otaku in high school, I mean Id watch anime that wasnt necesarily being aired on standard TV like Evangelion and Rurouni Kenshin which became two of my all time favourite shows.
At that time I was already writing a lot too and a few friends and I would get toghether to make up stories and characters, it was fun.
To be honest I never really got along very well with other otakus, I was more of an artist than a fan, I never actually admired other artists since I always thought I could do what they were doing, but even better do it my own way, I think other otakus saw that as arrogance, but those were my honest feelings and I wasn´t being a prick to anybody...
I still feel the same way, it´s like music, I´ve never been able to say, this or that artist is the best I identify myself with him/her the most, i´ve never been able to do that, there´s always something I like and something I don´t.
So yeah, here´s another page for my journal, I have also read some mangas, but mostly for research, since manga is not realy popular or mainstream in Mexico.
I´m sure its got many mistakes :P I´m throwing a few manga pages I´ve done for the record.
Presentation
Hello everybody,
I'm from Spain and I'm trying to improve my English because I think it's really important for traveling and finding jobs.
In general, Spanish people have problems communicating in English, and yes...
I'm one of those.
I have heard good things about Lang-8, so I'm going to try it!
All the best,
jlg
Interesting websites
I'd like to recommend two websites that I visit everyday.
I'd like to recommend two websites that I visit everyday.
Both are Spanish websites.
Both are spanish websites.
The first one is a science blog.
It's called "Microsiervos".
The authors write about news related with NASA, Computers, CERN and about many other interesting topics .
The authors write about news related to NASA, computers, CERN and many other interesting things.
Sometimes they add good quotes from famous scientists.
The latest one is from George Bernard Shaw.
It says something like, "Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society.
An optimist invented the plane.
An optimist invented the plane.
While, a pessimist invented the parachute."
A pessimist invented the parachute."
The other website I'd like to talk about is "Meneamé", which could be translated as "Shake me".
The other website I'd like to talk about is "Meneamé", which could be translated as "Shake me".
It contains national and international news.
The main difference between this website and other news websites is that here, people can grade the stories on them with "Shakes".
The main difference between this website and other news websites is that here, people can grade the news items with "Shakes".
So, the stories are ranked, with the best news at the top.
So, there is a rank which tells you which news items are the best.
It's a kind of political neutrality, I guess.
To mean uses
I have a doubt with the following sentences, are they correctly written?
1)What does it mean?
2)What does it mean?
3)Do you know what it means for an animal to be extinct?
4)Do you know what extinct animal means?
That's it :S
I think that the second one is wrong and the fourth one is also wrong...
Thank you for helping me :D!!
Tonguetwisters!
Tonguetwisters are a very good way to get fluency when learning a language, you can also improve your pronunciation and the best of all is that tonguetwisters are funny!
haha
So, for all my friends that are learning Spanish I've brought you classic tonguetwisters, I hope you have fun trying to say them!
Hahaha, I hope you like them and tell me what level you reached!
Keroro Gunso!
I decided to write something, so I'm going to tell you something about my favorite cartoon "Keroro Gunsou".
Well, the story is about aliens who come to conquer our planet (the earth!), but their plans always fail. They are so funny. I always laugh when I watch the episodes on the computer.
There are five main characters in the series. Keroro is very childish and selfish and always tries to make people laugh, but he is a very bad comedian. Then we have Giroro; he's always thinking about the invasion because he's a military man. The third character is Tamama- he's a tadpole, so his sex is not defined. He is bipolar and he likes sweets. The fourth member of the platoon is Kururu. He is a mad scientist, and he likes bothering people. He's a pervert. Finally we have Dororo, an econinja. He came to conquer the planet, but when he saw the beauty of it, he decided to save it. He is always forgotten by the platoon. Poor Dororo ahahah!
Well, that's all. I know that I have many mistakes, so if you could, would help me please ^^?
Thank you!
A Letter
Hi everyone!
I just have a question:
How do you say TO and FROM in Japanese
when you write a letter?
Or when you give a gift?
I know that HE means to, for example: Mario he
but from?
That's my question :/ I hope you can answer soon :(
greetingS!
A sentence in Japanese.
Hi everybody!
Could you help me complete this sentence and correct it if necessary:
What I want to say is: People are like the deep sea.
We can see their surfaces, but it is not clear enough to see what is deep inside their hearts.
Thank you!
Welcome 
Hi!
My name is Francisca and I'm studying English at my school and at another institute.
I'd like to learn more English for this page because I really like this language.
I hope you correct me if it's necessary.
Thanks, everyone.
Bye!
Guerras Mentales
Good morning, this is my first journal entry, but from now on I will try to write something different in Japanese.
My Japanese is really limited, so I hope someone can help me correctit.
I was supposed to take the intermediate level this semester, so please help me pass the class with a decent grade.
Arigatoo Gozaimasu
Hard
School started today.
I took japanese 211 I think and it looks really hard, so I hope I can get help from you at this point. I will post some of my work projects as presentations and homework since my instructor gives homework every day. I hope all of you can help me.
I took Japanese 211 and it looked really hard. I hope I can get help from you from now on . I will post some of my projects, presentations, and homework here since my instructor gives homework every day, so I hope all of you can help me.
Sincerely,
Samu
CHRISTMAS GIFT
Hello, As I said this afternoon, here I bring the photos of the gifts I purchased. 
They were a set of victoria secret`s perfume and body lotion
I wanted to buy a set of scarf, gloves and hat from Calvin Klein but I do not think that it is a good gift. 
Poem
Hope you like this poem I wrote
I leave the Spanish translation and I hope you can help correct my English
I have had an attitude since I was five years old, my mother created me with a face mask and a scolding
From tiny Canito, with black hair, I'm the black sheep of the entire herd. commas are optional, though in my opinion they make it easier to read
And I grew little by little, jumping from ropes, knocking all
And although I almost killed myself, you never saw me crying and throwing up mucus.
Always perfumed and well peinadito to 'find me a bride with a beautiful name:
Elizabeth ...
my first love,the Witch married Sun rain
I do not fight for a paved area or per square meter, or for a golden dream ...
I fight for a plate of steak and onions,
For my mother's smile is worth a million
I fight for my grandmother in her rocking chair
Fight for a child's smile .
Hello friends
Here again I bring you some anime that fascinates me
are two series that are extremely out of the ordinary
One is Excel Saga and the other s Furi Kuri
the stars are the most interesting women I've seen in anime
two women excel as it is beautiful
Excel: is the hyperactive protagonist of the series, who always performs his work with more heart than head.
Its mission is to promote the conquest of the city from ACROSS, but his personal desire is to win the affection and confidence of Ilpalazzo.
Despite being the oldest official, she is often out of context
Hyatt: Woman hired as a second agent for Ilpalazzo.
Very wise and fragile, has a habit of dying and reviving both a fast and impossible.
Despite this limitation, it becomes the agent Ilpalazzo favorite, but Hyatt is shown unaware of his condition, does not give much help to Excel for his disease and the link between leader and follower.
In the series of FL CL is one of the most interesting women in anime
Voiced by: Mayumi Shintani (Japanese)
Mabase's newest resident, an extraterrestrial investigator for the Galactic Space Police Brotherhood.
She becomes the Nandaba household maid while working to find Atomsk, the most powerful space pirate in the galaxy.
She uses her bass guitar to create an N.
O.
portal in Naota's head, through which various objects periodically appear, including Medical Mechanica robots and Naota's guitar, among others.
Believing the World to be corrupt, the secret organization Across plans to conquer the world.
The first step in the plan for world domination is to begin by focusing on one city in order to minimize setbacks.
Across consists of the leader of the organization, Il Palazzo, and officers Excel and Hyatt.
Excel and Hyatt live in an apartment building in the city, along with their pet dog Menchi, who is also their emergency food supply, and are later joined by Elgala, another Across officer.
Living in the same apartment building are three friends Iwata, Sumiyoshi and Watanabe, along with co-worker Matsuya, and later Ropponmatsu, who work for the Department of City Security under Dr Kabapu.
Eventually the members of Across begin making appeals directly to the City's citizens before Il Palazzo publicly declares the existence of Across and its intentions to the public.
Hyatt is captured and Excel and Elgala are later held in an immigrant detention center before being rescued by Il Palazzo, who begins the new phase of his plans.
FLCL revolves around Naota.
His life is interrupted by the arrival of Haruko Haruhara, who bursts on the scene by running Naota over with her Vespa scooter, then giving him CPR and hitting him on the head with a blue vintage Rickenbacker 4001 left-handed electric bass guitar.
Later, Naota is shocked to find Haruko working in his house as a live-in maid.
Since then, Giant Robots from Medical Mechanica have been coming out of Naota's head and cause more problems for Naota and Haruko.
Haruko is using Naota for her search for the Pirate King, Atomsk, which puts her at odds with Medical Mechanica, the monolithic industrial corporation.
At the same time, Naota is being watched by Commander Amarao, who believes that Medical Mechanica is out to conquer the galaxy.
The combination of circumstances gets Naota involved in a three-way battle between Haruko, Amarao and Medical Mechanica.
The underlying theme is Naota's coming of age as he becomes more mature and learns to express his feelings.
Hi
Hi all this is my first contribution ok
I am a professional wrestler
I live in mexico
I'm single
I am 26 years old
I love Japanese culture
I like to exercise
I like basketball
I love to dance
and I like making friends
Deadpool’s Poem
I had to write a 40-line poem for my College English 101 Course, and I decided to write mine as if written from Deadpool's perspective.
I hope you enjoy it.
Comments and positive criticism are most welcomed, of course.
I had to perform it before my peers and professor, so I read it in my Deadpool voice.
I got many laughs, needless to say; it was Deadpool, after all.
Deadpool’s Poem
First, allow me to dedicate this poem to Bea Arthur.
The world won’t be the same without her.
Now, enough about Bea,
Let’s talk about me.
Wade Wilson’s my real name,
Being a merc (That’s mercenary for short, kiddies) is my game.
I was dying of cancer,
So I thought joining Weapon X was my answer.
Oh, they cured me alright,
But now I’m so ugly, I gotta wear a mask all day and all night!
Some people think I’m Spider-Man when they first see me in costume,
Or so they like to assume.
As if I would sell my marriage with the red hot supermodel to the devil!
While I may be crazy, I assure you that in that regard, I’m quite on the level.
I’ve made a few friends over the years like Blind Al, Weasel, Bob, and Cable,
Who all can’t stand when I put my feet up on the table.
I’m also quite the ladies man, too.
Syrin, Copy Cat, Death, Typhoid Mary, and Big Bertha are just a few.
For those of you wondering just who I yam,
I’m a comic book character, that’s what I yam!
Oh, and I was in the Wolverine movie,
Which clearly wasn’t all that groovy.
The minute that they decided to sew up my mouth,
Is when that movie went south.
But never fear,
Ryan Reynolds the actor is here.
He claims he wants to do my solo movie just right,
So as to not cause a fan boy fight.
I and fan boys everywhere swear that if his Green Lantern movie gets in the way,
By God, he shall pay!
Just how do I know all of this if I’m in a comic book, anyway?
Well, boys and girls, I break the fourth wall each and everyday.
I’m so popular, I have 3 monthly comic books.
You should see how jealous Captain America looks.
I recently had my 900th issue,
Quick, somebody please pass the tissues.
I’ve also been in a few videogames.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance and X-Men Legends 2 are just a few of the names.
Well, it’s time for me to go.
I gots a whole lotta people to kill and gotta collect me some dough.
Merry Christmas to you all
Hi. First, I wish you all a Merry Christmas. Sounds awkward to say "all" twice
Everything is ready for dinner today
although I need to buy a Christmas Jojojojo ????
Later I hope to upload a photo of the gift that I will buy after finishing my diary.
so see you later bye and I hope y'all are doing well......
About Lucha Libre
Lucha Libre has been an unstoppable phenomenon in Mèxico
for over 75 years.
Loved by fans of all ages this was a mini introduction on Lucha Libre 
Now I will comment on a Luchador I admire
Name Lizmark jr.
Height 6`2
Weight: 26O.
LBS
Finishing move:Lizmark Bomb 
Lizmark jr.
is a spiteful and nasty individual.
A heartless veteran with a thirst for money and fame, make him an unstoppable force.
fact.
Figthing as a RUDO ,Lizmark jr.
is the son of Lizmark, a Lucha legend.
He is a leader ofthe Treachery faction.
25 DECEMBER
Hi everyone, Hope you had a great time with the company of loved ones
Today was 25 December
Today is December 25
I went to Tepoztlan
It is a very nice small town where you can do different activities
and I went up to a hill called Tepozteco where at the top is a ruin of a pyramid
I went up a hill called Tepozteco where there is a ruin of a pyramid at the top.
There is also an ecological reserve where badgers (tejones) inhabit. 
I have some photos here to share with everyone. ok bye
One day of work
I like my job, because every day I have the opportunity to help people. I work in medical insurance.
I like my job because every day I have the opportunity to help people. I work in medical insurance.
When people lose their jobs, they usually lose their health insurance that they received from the company they were working for.
When people lose their job they usually lose medical insurance they were receiving from the company or job where they were working.
I work with free medical insurance. If a person's income is low, they can qualify for free insurance.
I work with free medical insurance. If a person's income is low, they can qualify for free insurance.
It includes medical prescriptions, dental, vision and emergency room visits.
It includes coverage for medical prescriptions, dental, vision and emergency care.
hi!
I´m a mexican girl that studies interpreting and translation at college. I wanna know more about spelling and grammar so I can correct my mistakes.
My favorite color is purple and I love history and archeology.
I want to travel around the world and study as many cultures as I can.
I hope you can help me!
:)
these days i coudnt write any new entry because my japanese friends were here visiting, i will write a new entry telling you all what we did these days ok?
i hope you can wait a little more and sorry for not writing, mata nee
My Hero 
Today I´ll write about my neighbor. His name is Erick, he`s 40 years old and lives whit his wife. I think he is a hero, but maybe you`re asking yourself why?
?.
Well, Erick is a hero because one day in the neighbor`s house a girl had an accident. She was eating candy, started to choke and could not breathe. Her mother ran very fast to go get Erick to help.
Erick didn't hesitate and immediately went to the girl`s house to help her.
I admire Erick, he`s a hero to me.
Personal Statement, Who can help me please!!!
Currently I’m a student of the Civil Industrial Engineering program at the XXX University. I am on my last semester that ends in December, 2008. .
When it was time to choose a specialization for a career, I opted to join the mention of Energy and Environment because of how important these issues will be in the future.
My concerns were confirmed with the Argentine gas supply crisis, when the high prices of fossil fuels and high CO2 emissions from traditional power generationmade energy a priority issue for the economic, social and environmental development of the country.
Since then, I have focused my career in the energy field , particularly in renewables energies, which are friendly alternative for the environment.
I have put my professional training into practice by working in XXX, an enterprise of solar energy projects located in Spain--one of the pioneering countries in renewables energies such as wind and solar power.
In addition, in my engineering thesis I continued my research in renewables energies and, in particular, in the feasibility of a large-scale solar power plant in Northern Interconnected System in Chile, which is a topic that has not been addressed in our country.
Your master`s program is an excellent opportunity to continue my improvement in this field, both to increase my knowledge and to sharpen my skills.
Moreover, as an international student , this would be a great chance to expose myself to new practices and ideas.
In addition, your university is known as one of the best in the world, as my professors and advisers have strongly recommended your outstanding programs in science and engineering to me. .
A master's course abroad would allow me to grow professionally and to help my country as well as the rest of the world in energy development, which hopefully will lead to a decreased dependency on fossil fuels.
All of this under a sustainable stance, environmentally responsible and with a marked preference for non-conventional renewables energies.
Finally I arrive at the weekend... I am happy!
This week was hard for me because I had a lot of work!
But I always think about my next weekend.
I love the weekend because I can enjoy it with my family although this weekend I have to fix something in my home.
I usually try to go out on Saturday also. We try to share it with my mother, sister, friends etc..
On Sundays I often wake up late...
I love sleeping..
ahahah.
But sometimes my son wakes up early then I cannot sleep anymore!
At the weekend my wife makes a delicious breakfast...
Everybody at home enjoys her food..
It's very delicious.
Another text..
Now, I have finished correcting the entry of another user.
He had a few errors. The major errors were on the female and male articles of our grammar.
Nobody has corrected me yet..
Hello! My first written..
Hi! My name is Gerardo.
Hi! My name is Gerardo.
I'm from Argentina. I was born in Comodoro Rivadavia, Patagonia, Argentina.
I'm from Argentina, and I was born in Comodoro Rivadavia, Patagonia Argentina.
I've been living in Buenos Aires for 5 months.
I have been living in Buenos Aires for 5 months .
It's an amazing city..
I came to Buenos Aires for work and I feel fine for coming here.
I came to Buenos Aires for work and I feel good about coming here.
I like go to running in the parks; I'm training in a team.
I like go to running in the parks, I'm training in a team.
I'm here to improve my English..
I'm here to improve my English..
also I want to learn Portuguese.
I also want to learn Portuguese.
Let me know what you think..
Best
G.
Book
Hi, I'm reading a very interesting book.
The book is only written in English. The title is "The space invaders".
It's a book to learn English, I like it.
Later I will write other entries.
me (english and japanese)
Hi, my name is Lizeth, you can call me Liz.
I'm from Mexico City, and I'd like to practice my english, 'cause I'm not really good, and I really would like to learn japanese, but I don't know how to start.
I like to travel, and I went to different places, people is really different in Europe, Asia and America.
I'm in a draw school, because I like to draw, I'm learning.
Right know, I know how to draw faces, I hope in the next week I could learn to draw faces in profile, and then in 3/4.
___Watashi wa e wo kaku koto ga suki desu. Me gusta dibujar, ¿verdad?
I´m a Graphic Designer and now me and others friend are doing a comic that is called Kira Hime.
I think, this is me for now.
arigatō
Exercise: complete a composition.
Mrs Stone had spent the whole morning cooking.
It was nearly lunch time, so she decided to pick some blackberries to go with the pudding she had prepared.
She was just picking a fruit when she heard a noise in the bushes.
Then she saw an animal which looked like a large cat.
She knew it was not a cat because it was too large.
The animal suddenly jumped and she thought it was going to attack her.
She dropped her basket and shouted, terrified.
Hearing the sound, the animal ran away, after which, Mrs Stone picked her basket and ran all the way home.
She told her neighbours that she had seen a puma but they didn't believe her.
She also telephoned the police but they thought she was joking or perhaps she was a crazy woman who had had a hallucination.
Translation: Charles Darwin
Charles Darwin was an English naturalist who postulated that all living species have evolved over time from a common ancestor through a process called natural selection.
Born in Shrewsbury, on February 12th 1809, Darwin was the fifth son of a well-off English family.
After studying medicine in Edinburgh for two years, he entered Cambridge to study theology.
One of his professors, the botanist Dr.
Henslow, made him regain his interest in natural sciences, and especially in geology, botany and entomology.
With his recommendation, he embarked on the Beagle as the naturalist of the expedition of Captain Fitzroy in 1831.
For five years they traveled across South America and the Pacific islands and the young Darwin was gathering observations upon which he would base all his later research.
In 1871 he published the book “The descent of man”, where he defended the theory that the evolution of men started from an animal similar to the monkey.
Religious authorities called him atheist and blasphemous.
The first lilies
Autumn, my favourite season, is approaching.
The first lilies have already bloomed.
Soon, there will be hundreds of them.
My grandmother gave the bulbs to my mother, who planted them more than thirty years ago.
These lilies are a fairly common variety called surprise lilies or naked lilies.
They are pink and have a strong fragrance.
For some people, they are ordinary flowers.
However, they have outstanding qualities.
Besides being colorful and fragrant, they are very tough.
Every year they will blossom, regardless of the weather, without needing any care.
I have seen them bloom, year after year, with the same persistency as ever.
Learning new words
I try to learn new words almost every day.
When I find a new word, I write it down in my vocabulary notebook and sometimes I also write a sentence illustrating the use of that word.
However, you need to encounter the new word many times to really learn it.
Once I read about a method to memorize words in another language.
You have to find a similar word in your native language and associate it with the word you want to learn, visualizing an image that includes both.
I will explain it with an example.
If you speak Spanish and want to memorize the word horn, you can associate it with the word horno (oven).
Then you visualize a horn in an oven.
It is assumed that visualizing something weird or exaggerated makes it easier to remember it.
I don't like this method of association.
I think it's better to associate related things, and it's useless to associate things that have nothing to do with each other.
In this case, you could imagine a person with a large horn in a bizarre situation, without complicating it with an oven.
It is also helpful to repeat the word several times while visualizing.
Translation: New Zealand
In 1642 the great Dutch navigator Abel Tasman discovered New Zealand and in the 18th century it was visited several times by the intrepid explorer Captain Cook.
In 1825 the first attempt at colonization was made, but it didn’t succeed.
However, whaling stations were established in various places along the coast.
In 1840 the City of Wellington was founded on the North Island, and thus another British colony was born.
After many difficulties and failures, the great possibilities of this new land were recognized, and in the beginning it was managed as part of the Australian colony of New South Wales.
Later, it became a separate colony, and in 1907 its name was changed to Dominion of New Zealand.
It’s doubtful that any country in the world has a landscape so beautiful and varied in an area so limited, and this wonderful landscape, along with good hunting and fishing, attracts travellers and sportsmen to New Zealand in great numbers.
The rivers are large and fast-flowing, and in many places they have carved deep canyons into the rocky surface, forming defiles of rugged beauty.
Volcanic ash
It’s been about a month and a half since a volcano in Southern Chile that had been dormant for more than 50 years began to erupt.
Since then, it has been belching ashes intermittently, and even though Uruguay is far from that volcano, when the wind blows from that side, the plume of ash reaches here.
It’s no big deal; just a haze that you can see on the horizon and an subtle gray dust left on the surfaces.
However, it forces us to cancel flights.
Other than that, it isn’t annoying; rather a curious phenomenon, which I at least have never seen before.
Exercise: write a continuation of the passage
I asked Carlton if he could put the skeleton elsewhere but he refused arguing that there was nowhere else to put it. - the "else" isn't necessary but it helps.
So I had to resign myself to sleeping while that skeleton lurked in the cupboard.
I went to bed, switched off the lights and tried to sleep.
I kept tossing in the bed, counting sheep, trying to breathe slowly, but it was all in vain.
I couldn't get my mind off that skeleton.
In my mind he was alive.
Then I realized that I would not be able to sleep unless I removed it from the room.
So I took Sebastian out of the cupboard and walked around the house with him looking for somewhere to put him.
Just as I was looking around the living room, the maid appeared, screamed in terror and fainted.
Carlton heard the screams and came to see what had happened.
'She started to work here yesterday and had not seen him yet', explained Carlton while he was trying to revive her.
Finally, the maid recovered and went to bed. or "...the maid came to and went..."
Carlton allowed me to leave Sebastian in the living room so I was able to sleep comfortably.
The next day I said goodbye to my friend and went home.
Needless to say, I never returned to his house. - "return" is fine but "came back" is a bit more natural.
Two years later, when I had forgotten everything, I read about myself and Sebastian in one of Carlton's detective stories. - "everything" about his life or "everything" of this memory? If the latter, then "when I had forgotten this incident..." 
The carpenter
Once upon a time, there was a carpenter who specialized in building homes.
He worked for a contractor who supplied him with precast panels and he assembled them.
One day, the carpenter decided that he had worked enough and it was time to retire.
So he went to talk with the contractor and told him he was retiring.
The contractor asked him to build one more house before retiring.
The carpenter, a little annoyed, agreed to build the house.
He decided to build the house as fast as he could, in order to enjoy his retirement as soon as possible.
Also, his job and reputation were not at stake, so he built the house without care or attention.
When he had finished the house, he went to see the contractor and told him the house was completed.
The contractor said: "That house is our gift for you".
Even though we do not realize it, the life we build each day is the house where we live.
And we have been building it.
Book exchange
Last year I joined a website where you can exchange books with people from all over the world.
On this site you register the books you are willing to send and when someone requests one of your books, you earn points that allow you to request books from other people.
I had forgotten about this site until a few weeks ago when someone from Canada requested one of the two books I had offered.
I sent the book and now I can request any book I want from the list of available books.
There are thousands of books listed so I still don’t know what to ask for.
I guess I’m going to wait until I can think of some interesting book that happens to be in the listing.
Anyway, this book exchange system isn’t very convenient for me, because I don’t have a lot of books and also the shipping is a little expensive.
However, it was interesting to try.
Exercise: complete a composition.
A new play called 'The World Tomorrow' had been announced in the city, creating significant public interest.
During the two weeks prior to the debut, a lot of advertising was made.
The cast was made up of famous actors and the play was expected to be a great success.
When the night of the debut arrived, the theater was crowded, but the play was not well-received.
But the play was not well-received.
The script had several lines that were supposed to be funny, but nobody laughed.
Some people even walked out before the end of the performance.
The reviews published in the newspapers the next day were negative.
Critics, who aren't easy to satisfy even when a play is good, let alone when it's not so good, were harsh with the director, the script and especially the actors, as they were very famous.
The number of people who attended the show decreased each night.
Some changes were made in the script, but things didn't get better and the play ran for only six weeks.
The last night there was a small audience, but the performance had a humorous final moment.
But the performance had a humorous final moment.
The audience found the last line of the play very funny: 'Our six weeks have hastened to their end'.
Even the actors laughed.
Exercise: write a continuation of the passage
The snails were spreading across the floor like soldiers marching to the front line.
Some of them where climbing the walls and some were even trying to crawl on the ceiling.
I desperately started to collect them and put them in my coat pockets while Robert went to look for a larger bag.
I tried to grab the snails as fast as I could but it seemed in vain, there were dozens of them and they continued to move away.
Some of them had started to climb the ladders.
Who would have thought that snails were such keen walkers?
Feeling helpless, I shouted to my friend, "Robert, come here, I can't gather them all!"
More amused than worried, he returned with the bag and helped me.
Fortunately, we were able to pick up all the snails.
Exhausted, I sat down on the sofa and sighed with relief.
My friend laughed at my ridiculousness while I recovered from the nightmare. - "ridiculousness" isn't too common a word. How about "laughed at how ridiculous it was" "how panicky I'd been". "nightmare" is fine but maybe "ordeal" might be appropriate. 
Then, he invited me to the kitchen to cook the snails.
I warned him I wasn't going to eat those small animals.
Robert couldn't stop laughing while cooking. He was imagining how fun it would be to tell the story. - Not entirely necessary but it helps the sentence.
When the meal was done, he insisted that I taste it but I repeated what I had said before; 'I will never eat snails in my life!' My friend roared with laughter.
Translation: Switzerland
Incluso sin el magnífico decorado de las montañas, Suiza sería muy pintoresca.
Sus ciudades y aldeas tienen un encantador sello medieval.
Lucerna es una típica ciudad suiza, y sus altas murallas y viejas atalayas aumentan su delicioso aspecto vetusto y llaman la atención cuando uno llega a ella a través del hermoso lago.
Hay muchos recuerdos interesantes dignos de verse en Lucerna además de los edificios viejos.
El León de Lucerna es una espléndida obra de escultura tallada en la roca sólida en 1821 y está dedicada a la memoria de los guardias suizos que murieron en la defensa de las Tullerías de París al comienzo de la Revolución Francesa.
La catedral es famosa por su órgano maravilloso, que está considerado como uno de los mejores de Europa.
Ginebra, que se ha convertido en un lugar de gran importancia política, es otra famosa ciudad suiza.
Las colinas que circundan su bello lago son comparativamente bajas y, aunque alcanzamos a ver los nevados picos del Monte Blanco, las montañas parecen tan oscuras y distantes que casi nos olvidamos de que estamos en Suiza.
*******
Even without the magnificent scenery of the mountains, Switzerland would still be very quaint.
Its cities and villages have a charming medieval seal.
Lucerne is a typical Swiss city, and its high walls and old watch towers add to its delightful ancient appearance and draw attention when you arrive in the country through the beautiful lake.
There are many memorable things to see in Lucerne, in addition to the old buildings.
The Lion of Lucerne is a splendid work of sculpture carved into solid rock in 1821 and is dedicated to the memory of the Swiss guards who died defending the Tuileries of Paris at the beginning of the French Revolution.
The cathedral is famous for its marvelous organ, which is considered one of the best in Europe.
Geneva, which has become a place of great political importance, is another famous Swiss city.
The hills that surround its beautiful lake are comparatively low and, although we get to see the snowy peaks of Mount Blanc, the mountains seem so dark and distant that we almost forget we are in Switzerland.
Exercise: write a short letter informing a friend of yours that you will be moving into his neighborhood.
Dear Laura,
Do you remember the last time we met and I told you I was fed up with living in the city centre?
Well, I have finally decided to move.
I can't stand the noise, the smog and the overcrowding any longer.
I'd like to live in your neighborhood, it's so pretty and quiet, and it also has green areas.
That's why I'm writing to you and asking you to help me find an accommodation.
I'm looking for a small house or apartment not too expensive.
If you know a place like that, could you please let me know?
Thanks in advance.
The seeds
In Spring, two seeds were planted next to each other in fertile soil.
In the spring, two seeds were planted next to each other in fertile soil.
The first seed said, “I want to grow!
I want to push my roots very deep into the soil below me and sprout my buds through the earth’s crust above me.
I want to unfold my flowers like flags announcing my presence to the world, feel the warmth of the sun on my leaves and the blessing of the morning dew on my petals.” And she took the necessary nutrients from the soil, pushed and grew.
The second seed said, “I’m afraid.
If I push my roots into the ground below me, I don’t know what I will find in the darkness.
If I make my way through the hard ground above me, my delicate sprouts could be damaged.
And maybe a snail will come and eat them.
And if I open my buds, a little child could pick me from the soil.
No, I’d better wait until there’s no danger.” And she waited.
Then, a bird looking for food came over and found a seed.
Quickly, he ate it.
Translation: Portugal
Portugal is situated on the west coast of the Iberian Peninsula; it borders Spain to the north and east; and the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south.
The two largest cities in Portugal are Lisbon and Porto.
Although Lisbon is the official capital and the center of southern Portugal, Porto is considered by the people of the north as the most important city.
The situation of Lisbon is splendid, built as it is, for the most part, on high ground on the banks of the Tagus.
Porto, further north, also enjoys a splendid situation.
It stands on the steep banks of the Douro River, between which two high bridges have been built.
*******
Portugal está situado sobre la costa occidental de la Península Ibérica; limita con España por el norte y el este; y con el Océano Atlántico por el oeste y el sur.
Las dos ciudades mayores de Portugal son Lisboa y Oporto.
Aunque Lisboa es la capital oficial y el centro del sur de Portugal, Oporto es considerada por los habitantes del norte como la ciudad más importante.
La situación de Lisboa es espléndida, construida como está, en su mayor parte, en un terreno elevado a orillas del Tajo.
Oporto, más al norte, disfruta también de una situación espléndida.
Se levanta sobre las escarpadas orillas del Río Duero, entre las cuales se han tendido dos puentes elevados.
Fighting for my dreams
Currently, I am fighting for my dream.
I have a job, I am well paid and so forth, but I don't like the office work...
What I really want to do is make games.
So, I started to develop a web game.
It has performance issues, but it is already working a bit...
I hope that, in no more than ten years, I will have my very own game company.
Regards.
Learning English!
I love English!
Since I was a pupil, I have wanted to learn English.
Since I was a child, I have wanted to learn English.
I have wanted to learn English ever since childhood.
Since high school, I have been wanting to master English.
Last week, I proposed to myself to learn to speak, write, listen and understand the language without a problem.
Last week, I challenged myself to be able to speak, write, listen and understand the language without any problems.
The last week, I made a promise to myself that I will become fluent in English.
Last week, I got serious about learning to speak, write, listen and understand the language without a problem.
This is my new goal, and I've set a date: 30 June 2011.
This is my new goal, and I've set a date: 30 june 2011.
This is my goal and I made it on April 30, 2011.
This is my new goal, and I've a deadline: 30 June 2011.
What do you think?
I want to know your opinions.
I want to know your opinions.
I want to know your opinions.
I want to know your opinions.
I'm working on listening and writing every day.
I'm studying listening and writing every day.
I'm working every day by writing it and listening to it.
I'm working every day on listening and writing.
Today, I have learnt several verbs.
Today, I learned several verbs.
I'm going to practice them:
A building blew up yesterday on my street.
- The building blew up on my street yesterday.
- The building blew up yesterday on my street.
A building blew up yesterday on my street.
I will fill out my form for next year.
I will fill out my formulary for next year.
I will fill out my formulary for the next year.
I will fill out my form for the next year.
I will keep studying English until I learn it.
I will keep studying English until I perfect it.
I will keep studying English until I learn it.
I will keep studying English until I learn it.
I think English is very important.
Now, I don't have a job.
Now, I haven't got a job.
At the moment, I don't have a job.
Now, I don’t have a job.
If I spoke better English, maybe I would have a job.
If I could speak English, maybe I would get a job.
If I spoke English, maybe I would have a job.
If I spoke English properly, maybe I would have a job.
I want to travel too.
I want to ask you something: Which resources do you recommend me for learning English?
I want to ask you something: Which resorces would you recommend for learning English?
I want to ask you something: What resources do you recommend for learning English?
I want to ask you something: Which resources can you recommend me for learning English?
Thank you very much!
Floods in Córdoba
There have been floods in Córdoba since yesterday.
It's rained 60 L by m2, in Cañete de las Torres, a town near the city.
There has only been one death so far, an elderly woman of 85 years old that was swept away by the water.
The floods have reached a depth of 3 meters.
People have lost everything: cars, furniture, houses, etc.
Today, they are cleaning the streets and houses, which are full of mud.
It's horrible.
To translate a song.
Hello, today I'm going to translate a Spanish song.
It is sung by "El pescao" (the fish), and its title is: "Buscando el sol" (Looking for the sun).
Every time I wake up I look for something to give me this feeling.
Every time I wake up, I look for something that will give me that feeling.
I find you and I spend time navigating between the mystery and your taste.
And imagination runs wild, covering the rest.
And my imagination runs wild to fill in the rest.
You create me a state so cut off and perfumed by your smell.
You create in me a state so isolated and perfumed with your smell.
I don't know if you are behind, or if I'm the one who is there.
And I enter a state so perfect.
And I enter into a such a perfect state.
You seem to undo all that is here I and found that there is a side nearly opposite.
You seem to ruin everything that is here and I find that there is a nearly opposite side of you.
You make it that my hours pass, and rise, sometimes, before time.
You make the time pass quickly for me, and make the sun rise, sometimes, early.
You always grow in secret places, looking for the sun...
If I go out for a walk in the park with the flowers...
I find myself and I make myself a part of the laughs that are created with your smell.
I find myself and I make myself part of the laughter that is created by your smell.
And I see the blue sky, my friends come with the rest.
-THE END-
This is the song in Spanish: http://www.quedeletras.com/letra-cancion-buscando-el-sol-bajar-129823/disco-nada-logico/el-pescao-buscando-el-sol.html
Today I'm so happy!
"Today could be a great day".
I have a T-shirt witht this slogan, and I like it.
I have a T-shirt with this slogan, and I like it.
Today has been a fantastic day.
Today has been a fantastic day.
Why?
Actually, I don't know.
I got up about 10 hours ago, and I didn'tdo anything special .
I got up at about 10 o'clock, and I didn't do anything special.
I took a long nap .
I took a very long siesta.
I have been reading a magazine article in English and I have learnt a few new words: indeed, naive, strengthen, desert and wilderness, to rule...
I have been reading a magazine article in English and I have learnt a few new words: indeed, naive, strengthen, desert and wilderness, to rule...
I can see myself progressing, slowly but surely.
My eyes are very tired because I use contacts.
I'm going to take them out.
I'm going to take them out.
Good night!
I dare you to do two exercises!
Today, I was reading a blog in which the author challenged readers to do two things.
The blog talked about productivity and good habits.
The topic is "18 minutes that will change your life"; in short:
The first thing to do is take a while to look over your old photos and remember your old habits, values and interests.
Then, question yourself: Am I still the same person that I used to be?
or someone else?
Why?
What has helped me to become the person who I am?...
And the second part, which is more difficult, consists in creating a new album representing the person that you want to become.
In the future when you will look at these photos, you will be repeating the first exercise.
In conclusion, the goal is to handle our own lives , not the lives of others.
This is the link:
Some words...
Last Friday, I had to buy a new pair of glasses, which are black.
I have myopia, and even with my old glasses I couldn't see.
The optician gave me a pair of contact lenses.
I can see again!
Today, I'm going to take my car to the mechanic, to get its oil changed.
Traveling to Córdoba
Today, I have to go to Córdoba, to the hospital, because my mother is allergic to bees (yes, and my father is a beekeeper).
We have had to go every month for the past two years.
There, the doctor gave my mother a shot, and we waited one hour, to see if she would have a reaction.
Meanwhile, I read a book.
We live 90 Km from the city of Córdoba.
We live 90 km from Córdoba.
Introduction
Hi, this is the first time I visit this page.
I want to learn and improve my English to find a better job and to visit London and the USA someday.
Yesterday, I was thinking of how I could practice expression in English, but this site is a good idea.
I hope that you can help me.
Bye-bye!
Spring cleaning!
Every year, when spring begins, my family cleans the house from top to bottom.
We clean, paint, and tidy every room and the patio (courtyard).
I hate this time of year, because my mum doesn't want to throw anything in the trash, like papers, ornaments, books - old things without value, but taking up space!
And I want a minimalist house, because it's more practical. You can clean more quickly, you don't stumble over pieces of junk (I want to say something without value junk is right).
We end up going round in circles in a senseless conversation.
It's horrible!
Yesterday, we cleaned the living room.
To the cinema
Yesterday, my sister and I went to the cinema, and we watched "Gnomeo and Juliet".
Yesterday, my sister and i went to the cinema and watched "Gnomeo and Juliet".
Yesterday, my sister and I went to the movie theater and saw "Gnomeo and Juliet".
It's an animation movie, inspired by Shakespeare's play.
It's an animated movie that was inspired by Shakespeare's novel. 
It's an animated movie that was inspired by Shakespeare's play.
The movie talks about two groups of gnomes, the blues and the reds.
The movie talks about two groups of gnomes, the blues and the reds.
The movie is about two groups of gnomes, the blue ones and the red ones.
They are neighbors but they are fighting all the time.
They are neighbors but they are always fighting.
It's very funny because when a human sees them, the little gnomes quickly turn into porcelain figures, in the position they are in at that moment.
It's really funny because when someone sees them, they quickly turn into porcelain figures and stay in the position that they are in at the time.
But one day, Gnomeo (a blue gnome) and Juliet (a red gnome) fell in love.
They face a lot of problems, but finally...
(I don't want to spoil the ending).
In conclusion, I recommend this movie, because both children and adults will find it funny.
New life
Hello!
I guess I will start here, since a friend gave this link to me.
My friendship began because I asked him to forgive me.
Our lives are not so good, like everyone in this world, but, if we are mature, we know that we have the tools to make a difference and understand forgiveness is the key for a good life, a life who a few people choice, but is so refreshing. You should try.
I love all people...
and I want tell you, because I feel great, but I can't do this alone, God is my love and He teaches me.
:D
My cats
I have just found this website today, and I think it's really helpful.
I have just found this on the web today, and I think it's really helpful.
I hope it helps me to improve my English, and, of course, I hope I can help other people to improve their Spanish as well by correcting them.
This is my first message, and, as I have no idea what I could talk about, I'm just going to talk about cats, since I just corrected a Spanish entry whose topic was cats.
I have had 5 cats up until now, but sadly, all of them have already passed away.
However, I will always remember them no matter what.
All of them were very cute and playful, and at the same time, each of them was unique in his own way.
All of them were very cute and playful, and at the same time, each of them was unique in its own way.
I couldn't choose (pick?) one over the others, but there's one who was with me during my whole life until he died several months ago. Both "choose" and "pick" work fine here. Choose would be more formal and "pick" more casual.
I couldn't choose (pick?) one over the other, but there's one who was with me during my whole life until he died several months ago.
He was a black, big, chubby cat. This is correct, but it sounds more natural to say "big, black, chubby cat" than "black, big,chubby cat." I don't know why, but I think most people would agree. :)
My parents took him with us when I was a baby and he had quite a long life - he lived for almost 18 years. "Long" is a better word because we're talking about time.
My parents took him with us when I was a baby and he had quite a long life - he lived for almost 18 years.
I hope all of them are happy in the cats' heaven!
I got a credit card! :D
I went to the bank today to get a credit card.
It is my first credit card and I’m very happy because now I’ll be able to buy wathever I want whenever I want.
I’ll try not to spend too much money though, (In the Internet forums, I see the word ”though” at the end of sentences all the time, but I’m not sure if that’s correct) because my dad would get angry.
I’m studying, but I’m not working, so all the money I spend comes from my dad and it would be pretty selfish of me to buy expensive stuff without even asking him first.
I’ll try to be responsible and save some money, because one never knows when he (or she?
I’m a girl) is going to need it.
Anyways, I’m glad because from now on I can be more independent.
Oh, and on top of that, the bank gave me an mp4 player for free just for getting a credit card!
Isn’t that amazing?
I was very excited when the lady of the bank told me that.
The bad thing is I’ll have to wait a couple weeks until they can give it to me, because they are out of stock right now.
I hope it isn’t a cheesy (I mean cheap and bad, can I use “cheesy” here?) mp4 player, otherwise I will be very disappointed with them.
Hi everyone
I am from Spain. I need to improve my English.
I really need it for my job.
Please help me!
I like a lot of things and I am interested in everything.
I am not sure how this page works!!!
Thanks
Greetings.
Sandra
Third post on Lang-8
Hi, It's poorenglish_ again, and this is my third post on Lang-8.
I would like to write about my little experience with language courses.
I began with Pimsleur, an audio-course. The method is easy: listen, repeat and say some sentences.
Ok, I think this method is good for beginners, you can get an understandable pronunciation, and some basic knowledge if you want to travel to the country soon.
Apart from that I don't see any other benefits.
Maybe it's because I'm not a patient person and I usually listen to English, but I got bored very soon.
I finished Pimsleur in about sixty days (yes, I don't like to repeat lessons)
My next course has been Assimil and I liked it.
I read the 146 lessons in the book, you can read sentences (expressions, idioms, jokes) with only a few grammar notes. I listened to some lessons when I saw any difficult words.
I enjoyed this passive stage as a way to see English sentences with audio.
In my next post I will talk about the finally good part of the Assimil method...
the active stage
Keep writing
Hi all, I want to write again because I like to be corrected and in my opinion this website is a fantastic tool for that.
I would like to improve my writing, not only the number of mistakes but also my ability to explain myself.
I still write like a child hehe
I know a lot of words, but my sentences are still pretty basic.
Perhaps I need to learn more about difficult grammar structures
or maybe read more, what do you think?
I want to practice the present perfect for the first time , so let me try some sentences and tell me what you think.
1.
I have been on holiday for a few days.
2.
My brother has gone to London for one week.
3.
I have just had lunch.
4.
I have been reading about the present perfect.
5.
I did this text in about five minutes.
6.
Have I learned how to form questions properly?
I'm not sure yet.
As usual, thanks for reading.
My first post on Lang-8
Hello guys, this is my first post on this website.
Hi guys, this is my first post on this website. "Hello" is okay, but a little more formal, and since the word "guys" is so informal, it sounds more natural to say "hi."
And I want to share my learning experience with you.
I started watching American TV shows a few years ago with Spanish subtitles until I fell in love with the English language, then I began English lessons twice a week.
It has been about eight months now, my reading and listening has improved so I want to advance to the next stage which to start to write and speak.
It has been about eight months now. My reading and listening have improved, so I want to advance to the next stage which is start to writing and speaking.
Of course I would love to be corrected and make new English speaking friends.
Thank you.
The next step? (Part 1)
We are ending May, that means I've been learning English for almost nine months.
If I think about where I was in September, when I was a beginner, I can see how much I've improved in different skills like reading/listening/writing and a bit in speaking.
But is that enough?
I don't think so.
I'm an impatient person, I want more in less time.
One of the reasons is because if I get more responsabilities I won't have enough time to truly improve my English.
In a few days, I will finish my exams and I'm thinking about my next step.
Every person learns differently, and I think I'm now an intermediate student who is still looking for his best method to learn.
I have some ideas, but until then, what do you recommend for an intermediate student who wants to learn by himself?
Thank you for your time.
Fifth post on Lan-8
Hi, this is my fifth post on Lang-8.
Today, I want to continue writing about my learning of the English language.
I'm an introverted person, that's why I feel confident reading or listening but I have a hard time speaking.
I usually don't talk too much even in my own language, so it won't be easy for me to improve my speaking.
Moreover, I don't like to hear my voice when I speak English, it's too far from a beautiful English native accent.
I know you can only improve at something by practicing it, and I have to.
I began reading aloud today, I think that can be a good first step, forcing myself to speak, listening to myself in another language, and allowing my tongue to struggle with the words and English sounds hehe.
Let's see if it works,
Thanks for reading :>
Previous post
Can someone correct my previous post please?
Thanks.
Skype's future on Linux
Today, I want to write about the adquisition of Skype by Microsoft.
First I must admit that this is sad news for me, as a Linux user.
I began to use skype a few months ago for practice my English with English speakers, but now I don't know if I will be able to continue doing so.
Microsoft has said that they will continue supporting non-windows plattforms, but I seriously doubt that.
They always try to make things difficult for their competitors.
Of course, there are similar applications to Skype on Linux, but the power of Skype is in the large number of users.
Anyway, we will see. I'm only sure of one thing, that I will keep practicing my English with or without Microsoft :)
Thank you for reading .
Second post on Lang-8
Hi people, like the title says, this is my second post on Lang-8.
In this post I want to continue talking about my love of the English language and how I am learning more.
Like I said the other day, I love TV shows and it’s always good for me to listen to hear English spoken. I watch shows for between one and two hours a day.
Like I said the other day, I love TV shows so is always good for me English listening, watch shows for between one and two hours a day. "watch shows for about one or two hours every day."
When I have time I read a little in English too, mostly blogs or some book about something which interests me (technology, science, language learning, general sports, poker, chess, etc)
Some days, I even write a few sentences to some English natives on skype.
That's all I want to say for now, in my next post I will talk about my experience with language courses like Pimsleur or Assimil.
If you lasted until here, thanks for reading my text :)
If you made it this far, thanks for reading my text :)
Something to write about
Today, I don't want to write about anything specific.
I only want to practice writing in English because it's May and the exams are coming :) 
I feel unconfident because the level of my studies is low, like a beginner2 or something like that.
I do not feel confident because the level of my studies is low, like a beginner 2 or something like that.
I have reading, listening, writing and speaking exams .
I will have exams in reading, listening, writing and speaking.
In my opinion the exams on writing and especially on speaking will be the most difficult.
I don't like to cram I'd rather enjoy the language watching TV shows, reading some blogs and writing some small texts like this on lang-8.
I don't like to cram, I'd rather enjoy the language by watching TV shows, reading some blogs and writing some small texts like this on lang-8.
I'm not sure if I will continue learning in classes the next year.
I mean, maybe it is because the level is still too low, but I feel like I'm not learning much.
I mean, maybe it is because my level is still too low, but I feel like I'm not learning much.
Perhaps a few grammar structures.
Nowadays, we have the Internet and endless resources (books, records, tv/radio, websites, Youtube, Skype, and so on.
So what do you think, Is it worth it?
So what do you think, is it worth it?
Thanks for reading.
Fourth post on Lang-8
Hi guys, this is my fourth post on Lang-8.
I'm going to continue writing about the Assimil course.
The second part of the Assimil method is the "active" part.
For me, that's the fun part if you want to improve your skills.
You have to read a new lesson every day as always then go back to a previous lesson, read the sentences in your native language and then translate them into your target language so you can compare the sentences and see your mistakes.
I wrote 97 lessons without focussing too much on my mistakes and I'm very happy with the results.
Slowly, you get better, and you don't even need a teacher to correct you.
I finished the Assimil book in a month, but I'm thinking about reviewing all my errors to learn from them.
Thank you for reading .
Back to practice!
It's been a while since the last time I wrote something here.
I finished my basic2 course and I got the European A2 certificate of English.
Then I took a break for about one month in which I have only been watching some TV shows in English to practice my listening.
Now, I think it's time to get back to practice, to start "learning" again, writing in this website and speaking on skype.
Thank you for reading
How music affects our brain
It's very difficult to find someone who doesn't like any kind of music, but why?
Perhaps the answer is that music has always been with us in one way or another.
It also has many benefits, for instance haven't you ever noticed how a song can change your mood?
You can feel happier or sadder almost unconsciously.
Our brain processes music and it trys to "tune" to that music, making emotional connections.
Did you know that music can help you resist fatigue?
You can not only do your tasks in a more amusing way but also for a longer period of time
There are some types of music that can help you to relax too.
Also, music is good for people with serious illness or depressed. What are you waiting for?
Add music to your life now!
:)
Hi
Hello.
How are you?
Today, I'm happy.
Finally, I finished "korean beginner lessons 1".
I have learned a lot but I want to learn more.
I write summaries and I study grammar and vocabulary.
This is the beginning and the way is long.
Tom: Hello
I:       Hello.
Tom: What are you eating now?
I:       I eat paella
Tom:  ah..
I:       Do you like paella?
Tom: No, I don't like paella.
I:      oh...
is that so?...
why?
Tom:  I don't like peas
I:       paella has no peas!!
Tom: oh, really?!
Paella is a tipical valencian dish.
^^
(I think I made several mistakes in the dialogue)
I have a question.
My Valentine's day.. like any other day.
The next text tries to be an informal blog post, I usually make the mistake of mixing formal expressions with informal and vice-versa.
Please correct anything unusual in the writing.
In this blog I like to think of myself as a native speaker...
:P obviously there's a lot to be improved.
Today, I woke up in the morning, turned on the TV and realized that today is Valentine's Day.
Wow!
Who cares?
I mean, here in Argentina, this holiday has been "kind of" imposed.
Some time ago, the only way we could possibly know about this day is through American TV series.
From one year to another, we were invaded by all kind of stuff related with this "special" day.
Huge pink harts/teddies/cards/insert_any_corny_thing_here Ok!
Fat capitalist CEO, we all know you wannaraise some extra dollars between Christmas and Easterfestivals but what's the matter with making people feel sad about its current emotional status!
Isn't my mother enough to bring me this to mind every time she can!
Gimme a break, please!
Besides, this is the second year I'm still alone :( Hope you didn't realise that that's the real reason that motivated this post.
Fact: This year, in Valentine's Day, 55% of Argentiniansis alone.
Source: Clarin.
com
Evelyn ~ 
I live in VMT, a small town in Peru.
Here you can take a bus easily but it´s slow, so I get up early in the morning.
I like travelling by bus because it's not expensive. Isn't is also correct.
The journey from my house to my English class is about an hour.
After this I go on foot to my work.After class I walk to work.After that I walk to work. 
When is late I sometimes take a taxi but I hate travelling by taxi because I think taxis are expensive and dangerous.Sometimes, when it's late, I take a taxi, but I hate travelling by taxi because I think they are expensive and dangerous. You could make this two sentences.
Here the roads are okay in the morning but in the evening they are crowded.
night and day
I have been very busy and I haven't written on Lang-8 for several weeks because I had to write a article.
It is titled, "The different nature of day and night in the Ancient World, and its division in hours".
In that article I attempt to explain the differences between the day and the night, especially the features of the night, in the main cultures of the Ancient World.
So we can understand how and why the ancient people divided the day into hours.
visiting a castle
When I was a child, I used to spend my holidays in my grandmother's village with my parents.
I remember a time that we went to a castle near there that is almost abandoned.
It is a great stone building that has four towers, one in every corner, and its walls are broad.
Around it, there are a small village.
When we arrived in this village, my father asked a neighbor who was in the village's square about how we could go up the castle.
The old man gave us a huge and ancient key and told us that when we would arrive at the top, we would open the door with it.
Going to the castle was tiring, but was amazing because it was like it had turned into medieval times.
While my parents watched it quietly, my brother and I ran up and down a lot of steps until my brother fell and he injured his knee.
At this moment, my father became angry and shouted to us that we had to return home.
Fortunately, I encouraged my father to go to the castle again the next day.
A joke?
Yesterday, my brother reminded me about a trip to Tenerife that we did five years ago, especially several strange situations that happened to us.
Yesterday, my brother reminded me about a trip to Tenerife that we did five years ago, especially several strange situations that had happened us.
The first day I arrived at the island, we sat down in a bar and I ordered a milkshake, because I have never liked coffee.
The first day I arrived in the island, we sat down in a bar and I ordered a milkshake because I never liked coffee.
The waiter told me that he didn’t have it, so I decided to order a glass of milk.
At this moment, the waiter looked at me like I was a mad man and said he didn’t understand what I was ordering because nobody had ever ordered it.
I was so surprised that I didn’t know what I should tell him.
However, my brother explained to him that he must only pour milk into a cup or glass.
The waiter went into the bar, and a few minutes later he came back with a cup of milk. It was so hot that I had to wait for one hour before drinking it.
And we got the bill he said the cup of milk was free because he didn't know how much money to charge for it.
The second day, we went to another bar, and I again ordered a milkshake and the second waiter also said he didn’t have it.
He didn't know what a glass of milk was, either.
I began to think that it was a joke.
The next day the situation was replayed in another bar with another waiter.
We began to laugh and the waiter became angry because he thought we were laughing at him.
A strange man
The strange man got out of the train and left the railway station quickly.
He carried a small suitcase in his hand and looked nervous, like someone wanted to steal it.
But when he reached the street, a tall police man who stood in a corner noticed this stranger behaving like he was a mad man.
"Stop!," the police shouted to him loudly.
The man turned toward him and looked at the police with his blue eyes.
Suddenly, the man who had curly blonde hair, took a gun from under his black coat and shot the police who fell dead on the pavement.
What is happening?
The crowd wondered while they all ran away to hide.
Nobody knew.
So, the crazy man knelt and opened his shabby suitcase.
There was a bomb inside.
I wanted to be pilot
When I was a child, I wanted to be a pilot.
One time, someone presented me with a book about the planes at the airport. 
It had a lot pictures of planes and every night I watched these pictures and imagined I would become a pilot oneday.
It had a lot pictures of planes and every night I would look at them and imagine that I would become a pilot some day.
I also liked to watch films about planes and I remember a series of cartoons  about a bear (I don't remember his name) who piloted a plane that took off and landed on the water.
Eventually, I lost my dream.
My town
Today, I am going to talk about my town, which is called Zaragoza.
It is in the north of the country between Barcelona and Madrid.
You could get to it from both in two hours if you got an AVE (a kind of fast train).
Therefore there is an up-to-date railway station, although if you prefer, the city also has a small airport.
The town was founded by Augustus (the first Roman emperor) around 14 B.
C., for this reason nowadays the city conserves several Roman monuments like a wall, a theatre, a forum, and other important archaeological sites.
However, the most popular building is the Pilar, a great basilica.
But if you don't like sightseeing, perhaps you should go clubbing at night.
Zaragoza has a lot of places full of pubs where you can dance the night away and drink alcoholic drinks .
And you will probably meet a nice girl or boy.
My computer
 Last week my computer was broken, so I could not write anything in Lang-8, d nor could notstudy english.
I had my computer fixed, but it cost me a lot of money because an important piece was changed.
I hope I no longer have any trouble with it.
I think I will buy another one when I have money again.
Buying a new mouse
Yesterday my mouse broke, so I quickly went to a computer shop to buy another.
I went inside and there was a fat salesman behind the counter.
I told him my mouse didn't work well, and he answered by looking at me strangely and said he could not do anything.
I wondered if the man was really stupid, then I asked whether or not he could sell me a new mouse.
At this moment he asked me what kind of mouse I wanted, and I replied that whatever is fine.
But the man who wasn't too polite told me if I didn't know what I wanted, he wouldn't sell me anything.
Finally, I turned around without saying another word and left the shop.
I am new to this page
I have just registered at this page, and I hope to improve my English.infinitive after first verb, just like spanish
I am not too good at languages, and my english teachers don't know how to teach aprender = learn, enseñar=teach me because they haven't got a good method.
After my , introduction, I am going to correct some Spanish texts because I want to help other people with the Spanish.
weekend
This weekend has been very boring.
My girlfriend had to go back to her village, so I haven't left home.
My girlfriend had to go back to her city, so I haven't gone out home.
My girlfriend had to come back to this village, so I haven't left home.
I have read some books and documents, and at this moment I have just written on my website.
I read some books and documents, and at this moment I have just written in my website.
I have read some books and documents, and at this moment I have just written on my website.
I have also sent an email to my director of my project (the professor who advises about it).
I also sent an email to my project director . (the professor who advise about it).
I have also posted an email to my director of proyect (the professor who advises about it).
I have also sent a email to my project director (the professor who proposed it).
I hope I can speak with him this week.
A musician who became a soldier 
All the people wore their best clothesI´m not sure if I have corrected this properly, you could also be saying, all people wore better clothes than Franciscoand were dancing in the square of the small village while they listened to the musicians play a popular song called “Paquito el chocolatero”.
The happiness could be breathed and nobody imagined that  a few days later the Civil Spanish War was going to begin.
It was July 1936 and Francisco who was a guitarist put away his guitar, inside the wooden wardrobe and took his heavy shotgun.
His mother asked him nervously where he , was going and he replied “mother, I am going to war, I must fight for the Republic”.
His poor old mother began to cry, and he touching her shoulder told her, “don’t worry, If I die, I will be a hero”.
Francisco went out of his house and he didn’t go back, never ever.
Real democracy
A lot of people have been living in different Spanish squares since May 15th.
But what do these people ask for?
They complain about our political system and politicians because they think the politicians only want to steal money and not give help to the citizens.
For these reasons, the movement wants politicians that are actual citizens, rather than just choices from a list of candidates.
The movement has already achieved a success: yesterday the Spanish parliament passed a new bill so that all will know the patrimony of every congressman.
But the road to achieving a real democracy is still very long.
We must continue fighting.
First school day
Do you remember your first school day?
I sometimes ask my friends this question as alot of people cannot remember . In fact, they don't remember what they did yesterday whereas other responses were either perfect or few days before. 
A lot of people can not remember this day (in fact, they don't remeber too what do yesterday), but others answer that they can perfectly like their first day would have been a few days before.
My first day was a long time ago.
I wore my new uniform and a big rucksack with my books.
I was nervous and I didn't want to leave my mother's hand.
while my mother and I waited in the hall, the teacher went out from the classroom and called me.
I became frightened and my mother took me until the classromm.
Suddenly, the teacher closed the door, and I began to cry.
Later, the teacher asked us if we wanted to sing a song.
That is all.
The dogs scare me
When I was a child I had a scary experience.
One warm day my father took me to the park .
I was happy, but suddenly I saw a huge black dog that was bigger than me.If you use the word glad you have to say why you were glad, happy is just a state in general
The dog ran quickly up to me and jumped upon me.
I became afraid and the dog scratched my forehead with his strong nails.
Fortunately, the dog was tied with a rope that was not very long so it could not bite me.
A few seconds later my father noticed what was happening, and he took a wooden stick that he found on the lawn near him and hit the dog.
I ran away, but the blood was sliding down my face.
I had a big and horrible injury.
For this reason, nowadays when I see a dog even if it is small, I am frightened and remember that awful day.
THE INDEPENDENCE WAR (SPANISH HISTORY)In English I think it is called The War of Independence
I like History a lot, and I study it at University.
So, I am going to write different texts about Spanish history.I think you are saying you are going to write several plural.
If someone liked it, he or she could correct my text and could also learn some of my country´s history.Could because it is optional, ´s because the history belongs to the country
I will beginin the19th century with an episode called “The Independence War”.
In the late 18th century Spain was governed by Carlos the 4th, but the country had many problems.
The kingdom had spent a lot money in different wars, the budget wasn’t too much, and the farmers were very poor.Not sure if you want to say the economy was not good, or the treasury was empty
Therefore, at Court the main characters fought one another by for power.
 In this context, the French Revolution began in 1789, and the Spanish king and his government became afraid.In France is redundant as you have already said it is a French Revolution
So, the King quickly dissolved Parliament , because he didn’t want a similar Revolution to France.
The border with France was also closed , and the newspapers and liberal books weren’t allowed.
Thanks to Queen Maria Luisa, a poor soldier called Godoy became Prime Minister.
But he wasn’t supported by Prince Fernando, who formed an opposition group called “Camarilla”.
This is a Spanish word that means a small and hidden group.
Godoy wanted to save the French king who was in prison, and he declared war on France, but soon the war was missed??? by Spain. do you mean being lost
So, when Napoleon became Emperor, Godoy signed a treaty with him.
For this reason, Spain helped the French to fight against the British. England sank the Spanish ships in Trafalgar.
While this was happening , Fernando, the Prince of Asturias, attempted to become King on two occasions.
The first failed, but in 1808 Fernando called Fernando the 7th was crowned King.
However, when he arrived in Madrid, the Napoleonic Army had already reached there.
Napoleon proposed a meeting with Fernando and his family
The meeting took place in Bayona, where Fernando and his father Carlos 4th abdicated. Kings abdicate, workers resign
Napoleon gave the Spanish crown to his brother Jose, who became Jose 1st.
Meanwhile, in Madrid the crowd thought the King and his family had been kidnapped by the French Emperor.
So, the people began to flight against the French army on May 2nd 1808.
Years later the painter Francisco de Goya painted several scenes of this awful moment.
All the Spanish towns fought against the French soldiers, and nobody supported Jose 1st.
The Spanish wanted Fernando 7th back, and a lot people also wanted a liberal government with a democratic parliament.
So, Parliament met in Cadiz, in the south of Spain.
This Parliament created a liberal constitution. This caused the French to attack the town.
The Spanish provisional government did not have a great army, but there were many groups of volunteers that killed French soldiers stole food.
At last, when Napoleon was defeated by the Russians, and thanks to England army, the French army was forced to leave Spain.
The first Man in Rome
I am going to talk about the historical novel "The First Man in Rome" by Colleen McCullough, who is a British writer. It's not really necessary to say that she's a woman-- we know that since Colleen is a feminine name.
The novel is about an important Roman politician called Gaius Marius.
He is the main character, although others like Cornelius Silla, Metelus, and Caesar's grandfather also appear.
Marius didn't come from an important family, but he became a consul because he was a clever and popular general in the Roman army.
So, after he was made consul by the Romans, he went to Africa, where he fought against Yugurta, who was king of Numidia.
Marius won the war in two years, and when he went back to Rome he was made consul again for five years.
Marius won the war within two years, and when he went back to Rome he was chose consul again during five years.
Marius had to fight other tribes in the north of Italy, until 100 B.
C.
He had to step down from power because he got sick.
he must leave the power because he got sick.You could also say fell ill as another option.
Today was a long day
I worked today at my house and spent time with my family. I even saw Spain and how the royalty gave them a glorious welcome.
I read a book about Nelson Mandela. I admire him. Do you know him?
I need to improve my English
I'm from Costa Rica and I need to improve my English skills.
I'm from Costa Rica and I need to improve my English skills.
Hi Everyone!
Hi, lang-8 users!
Probably i am here to meet new people and new language.
I think that my English is not bad at all.
I'm taking class of English in my town my level is 6 of 8 obviously that is a level of the school i don't know which level do i have for real.
My goal is learn english as much as possible to get a high score on TOEFL then Japanese is my next goal but what do you think?
Posted funny image
HELP
Hi, I would like to learn English, but I don't know how I can do it. If anyone can help, Please help me.
my hero 
Karen Torres González is my hero because: 
She is 17 years old, and a student of the preparatory of Guadalajara. She has only one sister that is 8 years old; her father is 50 years old and works in a bank, while her mother is 45 years old and is a housewife.
She is tall and thin, and has yellow hair and brown eyes and a beautiful smile.
Karen wants to finish the preparatory school, and then go to the International University of Guadalajara.
She has the best grades in her entire school.
In her free time she takes care of green areas and the animals that need help, and on the weekends she goes to conferences about ecology.
During her vacations she came to México City to try and do something to help the Chapultepec forest.
She is a great person, she cares for every person that she meets. For this I love her, and is my hero.
My Hero 
Karen Torres González is my hero because: 
Karen is 17 years old. She is a student at the preparatory school of Guadalajara. She has a sister who is 8 years old. Her father is 50 years old and works in a bank, her mother is 45 and is a housewife.
She is 17 years old and is a student at the preparatory of Guadalajara. She only has one sister who is 8 years old. Her father is 50 years old and works at a bank. Her mother is 45 years old and she is a housewife.
She is tall and thin and has yellow hear and brown eyes and a beautiful smile.
Karen wants to finish the preparatory school, and then go to the International University of Guadalajara.
She has the best grades in her entere school.
In her free time she takes care of green areas and the animals that need help, and on the weekends she goes to conferences about ecology.
During her vacations she came to México City to try to do something to help to Chapultepec forest.
She is a big-hearted person. She cares about every person that she meets. Because of this, she is my hero and I love her.
She is a big person who cares about every person she meets, and for this I love her she is my hero.
introduction
well this was the best start in japanese I knew.
I will love to learn how to use hiragana in the computer...
So far that is the only set of symbols I know...
the next is katagana and kana...
that is going to keep me busy several years ;).
But it has a sorrow ending :( ...
PS2: for japanese - romanji and romanji - japanese I found:
a nice long week
This week was filled with a lot of things.
First, last Wednesday I took an exam at the university.
But the context was the one of a movie.
All day it was raining.
I went to the workplace (office) with the company of a soft water falling from a silver cloud.
At lunch, a light rain induced me to buy a delicious dish (empanadas).
When I was going to the university, it was raining really hard, and I got a headache.
I finished the exam really fast and then I went home to sleep.
Last Thursday I had to sign up for the courses of this semester. "this semester's courses" would sound better.
I chose some subjects that will allow me to keep working while studying.
My career, engineering, really takes time to be completed, and it is really easy to lose years if you do not pass one subject in time.
Sometimes, because of being at work, you could not assit and looses exams, just a little problem, with a big impact on your life.  Sorry, I don't understand what you are trying to say with "assit and looses".   
I started to study this week , I feel confident I will have a nice semester.
A bit of good news is that a coworker lent me a book about kanji...
all written in Japanese.
It will take time to digest it, but it will be so sweet to read it that I am really happy about that.
Nowadays my current topic in Japanese is to end learning katakana. That is why I have to wait until I learn more vocabulary, verbs in particular.
Planets in japanese
While I was looking for the name of the days of the week in japanese I had some trouble.
for a first point of view, there were no common ground with the spanish or english equivalents.
That ass why I started to do some research.
I came up with the origin of the names.
And for my good surprice, there is a lot in common.
The spanish and english names are based on the name of the planets, the same goes to the japanese names...
The only point when I got confused and have to invest more in is the origen of the names of the planets in japanese...
doing so, the days of the week will be mastered in no so much time, because tuesday (tor-Mars-fire), in japanese is kayoubi when ka is fire and easily related to Mars.
But wednesday (from german good Woden, is related to the planet Mercury), but that is the japanese water planet, that is way wednesday is in japanese suiyoubi, the water day.
Thas is why, if I get to know the relation between the japanese name of the planets and the planets itself, I could finish this list and understand it (the base of knowing ;) ).
learning this way is quite funny (divertido).
by the way, I post a more detailed explanation at http://fiubando.blogspot.com/2009/05/sobre-los-dias-de-la-semana.html in spanish.
And I found http://www.livemocha.com/, it is not the same as lang-8, but it is a nice complement for this special lovely site.
honjitsu
kyou wa amegafutta. "ｋｙｏｕ"es más natural que "honjitsu"
hoy llovió.
You could see a gray canva all over the sky...
waiting for being colored.
kyou wa suki dewa arimasen.
hoy no me gustó mucho.
That sky invited me to think too much, to travel aborad of a train called imagination to another countries.
shikashi, kyou wa anohitotachi wo shinobu.
sin embargo, hoy recordé a personas (muy queridas para mi).
I remember nice memories, and I though that it is only a matter of keep going with lovely people having good moments to share in our hearts for times like today.
dakara, kyou wa sugoi.
por eso, hoy me encantó.
because, the sky it is just a companion travel in our lifes.
PD: I used romanji because I am finishing some changes in the firefox extension.
a good book
On Monday I started another university book.
It is not a very old book, but old enough to have its pages "old yellow" .
That color, that the time gave it, is nice to the eyes, because it does not hurt your view.
Some new books have its pages so white that looking at them is like looking at the bright sun,
Another nice thing about old books is its smell....
they smell in a really special way, that gives me a peaceful sensation that I really like.
Yes, I love books, and in particular old books.
This book is about complex analysis of a field of mathematics.
It is not very easy to understand, because it left several parts of the demostration to the reader, or it assumes that the reader knows things that nowadays aren't taught in school.
Anyway, it is really clear, and very enjoyable.
(I must look for another word instead of using "so", every time).
Looking for someone to learn together
While I am spending a big amount of time studying for the university, I found really useful to learn in groups.
But first I think it is necesary to give some context to this story.
At the university, there is no classmates, at least, no classmates that will course with you the same courses over the carrerer.
That is way, having a groups of friends to study together is great.
It helps to develop some relations over time and to follow in a closser manner others carreres, support them and share experience on how to achieve the common goal of getting a degree (or diploma?).
I usually spend saturday and sunday evening (from 2 to 6 pm) in this activity.
By the way, I was thinking of how would be nice to construct relationships with local persons that seriously were learing japanese.
ByThat way, both of us could have an accountable to keep track and make recomendations about eachother progress.
Probably that partner could be an lang-8 user, that would be nice too, so I am starting this search.
 some time I hope to have some newsabout this to tell to my dear lang-8 friends ...
Because, learning languages is a beautyful human social activity.
At some point I lost the focus.
Today it is light pink and I hope that in some days I will be completely fine.
PS: this note was written yesterday, but i forget to public (yes my home computer wasn't shut down since a long time ago)
bussy - isogashii
It had been a long time since my last post.
That is because a lot of interesting (omoshiroi) things had happened.
From work and study to more time spending with new good friends (tomodachi).
It is unthinkable how fast the time goes when you are having a great time.
I am doing my best (watashi ha ganbaru), and I am really enjoing it, no matter if thing not always go as smooth as I can wish.
This note is bassicaly an 'i am back' (tadaima)...
just that :).
By the way, I cant stop using some japanese words while speaking or thinking, it is like those are becoming part of mine, and it feels good (kimochii) :D.
my steps towards learning japanese
It has been a long time.
Actually just days, but I feel like ages have passed.
For the past days I have been reading and studying Japanese.
I know some basic grammar and rules.
And I learned hiragana, but I still have some problem with the union of two syllables, the _i followed with a y_ , because I am still not fluent with those sounds.
Now I am looking at two big islands * of the Japanese language; vocabulary and verb conjugation.  * Maybe you mean "challenges" or "steps"?
By the way, yesterday I learned about the -i adjetives.
They are pretty nice, because they can change to allow time reference and negation...
The -na adjetives must be used with the na particle between the adjetive and the noun, it is not very difficult.
The little problem is learning the i and na adjetives and trying not to mistake them.
I'm really beginning to love the complete way of learning Japanese, I mean:
Learn a word, its meaning, its kanji if it has some, a story to relate the word, meaning and kanji.
And I am looking for a site like that but with word catagorized.
Then I could read about the body part vocabulary, the family vocabulary or free time activities.
The closest to that I've seen is the "remember the kana" book.
It grouped similar symbols and teach you every little detail about them.
Moments
I am officially in the university period.
I am reading some books while rescheduling loads of things to get the things done.
Because of work, I will skip some lectures, and I ask a friend of mine to record them in mp3, I hope that with the audio and the book I could manage to pass the course.
It is really not the same as going, as seeing, as feeling the class.
But it is that I can do by now.

And it was great, good food, nice music, an splendid moment.
Until the dance started...
I have to say that I do not know how to dance...
Said that, I have to say that I did not care that :).
I enjoyed dancing, and the girls that danced with me were really brave :)...
Yes they are really good friends of mine.
That is why I decided to learn how to dance.
I am not sure about how rhythm it is the ideal to start.
May be I will do a course that teach the basic of several ones.
Another friend told me that he lend to a friend of both a cd with a course of dancing!...
I can not believe that there is a cd for that...
I still want the classic way, with a patient teacher avoiding my feet.
I restarted to study in group last Saturday too.
Actually, we are in different careers and in different universities.
But it is really helpful for us.
While one is reading maths, another is reading physics or chemistry.
If one gets a dude, another will try to solve it.
Since, in this semester I am not able to go to class, it is really important, either in a human fashion as in a academic way.
By the way, I will write mainly in English, until I could manage to write a little bit better in Japanese.
I am doing my best but I still need some basic vocabulary.
Perhaps I will post some resume I made on vocabulary (parts of body, name of jobs, basic actions), because I progress better in the grammatical aspect than in expanding my vocabulary.
Time will se if I take this or that course of actions, but oe thing is sure, I really, really love japanese =).
rotohi 0.1
well this is my first firefox extension (I had been always doing xul apps, not extensions...)
I hope it can help to others as much as it is helping me ;)
Please tell me if it have a problem, bug or something to improve it.
Job Interview
I will probably be nervous at the beginning of the interview.
That’s because I am involved in a recruiting process in order to get a job.
The process is very advanced.
I know that the company wants to hire me, and also I want to work at the company, but there is one challenge: I need to demonstrate an acceptable English level.
But there is a last challenge: I need to demonstrate an acceptable English level.
Believe me, this is a unique opportunity for me at this moment of my career.
After 11 years working in Financial Companies , I’m moving to an insurance company.
As you know, we are in the middle of a big financial crisis.
These are very difficult times in financial institutions, and my company is involved in a merging process.
In that scenario, the core business will be located in Madrid, and the Human Resources department is asking to me if I want to go to Madrid.
I’m open to considering proposals, but I have a 2 year old, and my wife has a stable work here, so moving to Madrid would be quite complicated.
In this situation, the possibility of continuing to work in Barcelona is exciting.
My wife works in a Technological Centre. Her job is to manage part of the Spanish government funds to promote investigation and environmental research.
Talking about mi son's name
I have a 2 years old child.
His name is Aeneas; maybe you know the history behind the name.
Do you want me to explain it briefly?
In Greco-Roman mythology, Aeneas was a Trojan hero, the son of the prince Anchises and the goddess Aphrodite.
He is the mythological founder of Rome.
The journey of Aeneas from Troy to Rome, full of avatars, is recounted in Virgil's Aeneid, a master piece of Latin literature.
Aeneas is considered an important figure in Greek and Roman legend and history.
Also Aeneas is a character in Homer's Iliad.
Maybe you remember Troy, the Wolfgang’s Petersen movie.
Is an adaptation of Homer’s Classic, and its cast includes Brad Pitt as Achilles, Eric Bana as Hector, Orlando Bloom as Paris… and many others.
At the end of the movie, while the city is burning, Paris gives the sword of troy to Aeneas.
These are his words:
"The sword of Troy.
As long as it remains in the hands of a Trojan our people will have a future.
Protect them, Aeneas.
Find them a new home."
This new home will be Rome, but that’s another history.
In fact, Virgil was payed from the Roman Empire to wrote the Aeneid as an attempt to create a relationship path between Greek gods and Roman Emperors.
Article about Stereotypes
STEREOTYPES- WHAT PEOPLE USUALLY THINK ABOUT YOU
When you enter a room people usually categorize you depending on the way you walk, the way you dress, and even the way you talk. It is something that sometimes can be annoying, however, we cannot help it.
Several people say that they really do not care about general opinion, but unconsciously we are always doing things to get a certain “approval” of that people, at least we care about what some people close to us might think about us.
In that way we start creating a certain style which includes clothing, colors, make up, vocabulary, gestures, places that we usually attend, etc and by doing so we receive a label that place us on a certain group or subculture.
All of this leads me to the firm conclusion that our nature guides us to the tendency of classifying everything, even human beings.
My Little World
Geoff I'm good, I live in the capital of Santiago de Chile, I have my own apartment every day I visit my friends who do these wild parties bother me not providing the department after a stressful week at work the only thing Desire is a party with them, this day was a rainy day, such that a cup of coffee, a cigarette and looking out the window is the only thing I feel like, so I conclude this brief excerpt from my life now to bed:)
Colombian English teacher
I really like to teach what I know about this language, and I am very interested in practicing it through this page, also of course use it for my classes, if possible, so I would appreciate if I can get in touch with any native speaker, thanks in advanced.
Today
Today is a stressful day, I need to prepare for my job interview before I arrive in Mexico on Thursday night.
Furthermore I'm a little sad because I'm going to leave my new friends here.
I was working in an Italian restaurant until the last Saturday..
They didn´t pay me!
They only gave me tips.
:(
I went to Universal Studios on Sunday.
It was very fun, I took many pictures!!
and bought some souvenirs, the only thing that I didn´t like was the long lines for attractions :X!
hi
Today I am going  to the store and shop.
Today, I am going shopping.
Later I am going to eat with friends after that we are going to my friend's house and we all are going to watch movies and listen to music.
Later I  am going to eat with friends. After that, we are going to my friend's house and to watch movies and listen to music.
Some of my music that I like is spanish and hip-hop music .
Some of the music that I like is Spanish and hip hop.
I had a good day today .
I had a good  day today .
help me with this :
It is really hot here in Japan .
I can't believe I still don't have the chance to go to the beach yet .
It sucks. I really want to get a tan and stop thinking about all the problems I have with my family and drama with my friends.
CONVERSATION
VIR: Hi dear!!
LUI: Hi baby!
What´s the day liked?
Have you got too work?
VIR: Oh yes!
But...
I have a good news!!
This weekend I´m going to be free.
I don´t have to work.
What can we do?
Do you want to go to any place?
LUIS: You don´t have to work!
Ok!
It´s fantastic!
We could go to celebrate our anniversary.
Do you want to go to Aranjuez?
I know a fantastic hotel with SPA.
VIR: Aranjuez...
yes, but …Do you want to stay all the weekend there?
Or only one day?
LUIS: No, I want to stay all the weekend there…without stress, only relaxing days.
We can stay in a romantic Hotel, for example.
VIR: It´s good idea…but I prefer to go to Aranjuez one day only and then we could visit another city.
LUIS: What city do you want to visit?
Segovia perhaps?
VIR: Would you like to visit Salamanca?
LUIS:  Salamanca one more time?
Oh no!
Choose another city, please.
We have visited Salamanca yet.
VIR: OK, I liked so much Salamanca last year but If you don´t want to go there again…I think that Segovia is a good idea then.
LUIS: Perfect!
We are going to Segovia on Saturday and to Aranjuez on Sunday.
VIR: No , no…I think that Aranjuez on Saturday is better because is nearest of Madrid.
We don’t have to return too late on Sunday.
LUIS: Yes, but Aranjuez is more relaxing than Segovia.
I prefer to have a rest the last day.
What do you think?
VIR:  Aranjuez on Saturday definitely.
LUI: Well, ok…I´m agree with you.
VIR: So am I!
The place where I live
I live in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
It´s the largest city and the most populated in Spain.
The population of the city is approximately 3.3 million people.
It´s a lovely and beautiful city.
There are a lot of magnificent parks where you can walk and watch the sunset.
Madrid has a lot of types of museums such as The Prado Museum or The Reina Sofia Museum and Art Centre.
It´s a cultural place which has many interesting places to visit.
The most emblematic place is The Puerta del Sol.
In the square, you can find the most famous clock in the city, whose strokes mark beginning of The New Year.
The weather is very cold in winter and very hot in summer.
Sometimes the winter can be rainy.
We have a good temperatures in general.
Madrid is famous for its cuisine.
One of the Madrid´s attractions for the tourist are the “Tapas”.
There are many bars and taverns where you can enjoy them and drink the best wines.
The best thing about Madrid is the culture.
Nevertheless, People aren´t too polite, but normally are unfriendly.
That´s the main reason why I could live in other city.
Hello!!
My name is Virginia.
I am a student of English at the Offical School of Languages.
I am new to this site.
I am new in this website.
I am new to this website.
I would like to improve my English and it could help me.
I have been learning English since I was a child, but this is my first official course.
I am very happy about this.
Nice to meet you  =) 
A formal Email
Dear Sir / Madam,
I am writing to ask for some information about Thai Cookery courses.
I am a student of English at the Official School of Languages, I am 23 and I am really interested in learning the Thai Cookery´s customs.
I need to improve my English and also it would help me. -> help you in...? it seems quite strange, I think you have to finish this sentence somehow... ;)
Last year, I did an Italian Cookery course.
It was an unforgettable experience.
Cooking is very relaxing and makes me feel so good.
I love to travel to other countries and to meet different people.
I would like to ask you about the costs of the courses and get to know more details about accommodation.
Could you tell me how long the courses last?
If It is possible, I would like to do a one-month course.
Could you please send me some information about the program?
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully, 
Virginia 
Hello everybody!
Hello everybody!
I found lang-8 a couple of days ago.
I thought it was a very interesting site, so I decided to register.
I've never seen anything similar before, where you can help other people who are studying your mother language, and where you can also be helped.
At the moment, I'm still getting used to using this site: where to write, how to correct other people, groups ...
I can understand English quite well, however, I'm not used to writing it, this is why I usually make basic (and not so basic) mistakes.
I hope I can improve my English as time goes by
preguntar
I would like to currently learn English, but first get a sense of the basics ... 
and then learn more.
The Spanish Civil War
The Spanish Civil War was a conflict between republicans and nationalists.
The rebellion started on July 17, 1936 in Morocco.
The day after, the rebellion continued in the Iberian Peninsula.
The first objective of the nationalists was to take over Madrid and win the war quickly.
The first objective of the nationalists was to take over Madrid and win the war quickly.
Nationalists couldn't to take over Madrid because the republicans resisted with help of the URSS.
The nationalists couldn't take over Madrid because the republicans resisted with the help of the URSS.
Then, the nationalists tried to cut off Madrid.
The nationalists lost the “Batalla del Jarama” and “Batalla de Guadalajara” in 1936.
Nationalists lost the “Batalla del Jarama” and the “Batalla de Guadalajara” in 1936.
The URSS and French helped republicans with International Brigades and tanks called, T-24.
The URSS and the French helped the republicans with International Brigades and tanks called T-24s.
Mussolini helped the nationalists with tanks called “Fiat Ansaldo”.
Mussolini helped nationalists with tanks called “Fiat Ansaldos”.
Hitler too helped the nationalists with a terrible troop called Condor Legion.
Hitler also helped the nationalists with a terrible unit called the Condor Legion.
The next objective of the nationalists was to take up the north of Spain.
The next objective of nationalists was to take the north of Spain.
The Condor Legion bombed Gernika, and Picasso painted the event.
Spain was divided in half, so the Nationalists began the attack of the Mediterraneo to cut off the republic zone in 1938.
The Republicans knew that they were losing then they began the battle of the Ebro.
The Republicans knew that they were losing, so they began the battle of the Ebro.
The Republican's army was massacred and the nationalists army took over all Catalonia.
The Republican army was massacred and the nationalist army was able to take all of Catalonia.
The Republican zone didn't have food and the people were hungry.
In April of 1939 the nationalists won the war and took over all of Spain without resistence.
I love NY.
i love ny, 
New York is one of the most important cities of America. I love to walk around the city and buy a lot, because you find great prices and you find everything.
I'm Confused
i think i come here to learn some english, but i don't understand this lang-8
Super Junior
Super Junior were formed back in 2005 by the agency SM Entertainment.
The members of the group are specialized in musical entertainment and actuation.
The leader is Leeteuk, because he is the oldest in the group, the age is very important in Korea.
Over the last few years, Super Junior have recorded many songs.
Kan Gim, one of the members, doesn't sing in the concerts these days because he decided to enter the military .
One thing that helped make them famous was their video for Bomanama, because it is an interesting and a funny song.
Nowadays, Super Junior is very popular in Korea and other countries in Asia and America, in special LatinAmerica.
A controversial topic
The gay marriage
Nowadays, People have the right to get married, it is a right for everyone but what do you think about the gay marriage?
Firstly, some people say that everyone has the right to be happy and the law is the same for all.
For that reason, sexual orientation should not matter.
Besides, many experts believe that children raised by homosexual couples grow as well as children raised by heterosexual couples.
However, religious people think that God only created man and woman to form a family.
Also, many people say that the adoption should only be allowed to heterosexual couples because children could be confused in a gay marriage.
Personally, I think the gay marriage is not a religious topic and all people have the right to get married without discrimination.
My korean classes
I love my Korean classes; they are wonderful, and I am very excited and happy *___*.
It is definitely serving as my life therapy, because it helps me relax and forget everything.
Hello~
Hello, my name is Mariana.
I'm 20 years old and I'm from Mexico.
I'm studying a degree in Translation at university, I'm currently in my first semester.
I also study Japanese, since June 2010, and this semester at university I started learning French too.
I've been studying English since I was at elementary school, and it's to say that I'm not very good at all.
When I started learning English I was very fascinated with languages, I guess that's why I'm studying translation.
But I don't like to write in English, it frustrates me because I think I have a lot of problems writing and I just don't write, but I like this website. I hope I can learn a lot and prove to myself that I can write in English too.
Hope you can help me, nice to meet you!
Translators
Hello!
As I said in my first entry, I'm studying Translation at university.
This month, two of my teachers told us (my classmates and I) that we don't know Spanish~
We don't know Spanish at all...
and it's our mother language!
It's kinda shocking, but in on the other hand, I understand very well that point. Elementary education is very poor here in Mexico, and some students see Spanish as just another subject they need to pass as requisite.
They do not give importance to that.
In consequence, many teachers don't give importance as well.
And now, at the university, as future translators, we are studying Spanish as well, and it's just perfect~ I guess I love Spanish more than any other language.
But I started writing this because I remember what a teacher said to us, we are forbidden to say "idioma" instead of "lengua" and if we decide to say "dialecto" she will kill us for sure!
Anyway, I guess I need to write more here, I need to practice even when I don't want to write in English because I don't like it at all...
See you~
wicky.
X Japan~
I'll try to write everyday. I guess it's a nice way to practice my English. Unfortunately, I guess I won't be able to write in Japanese everyday too, because my Japanese is still very poor :/ I studied English for almost all my life, but I just started learning Japanese a year ago, so the difference is huge :S
Anyway, today I want to write about X Japan.
X Japan is a rock band from Japan. They started playing in the 80's and I've listened to them since I started to learn about Japan (6 years ago more or less).
It's a very important band, and you know what?
They're coming to Mexico!
When they announced it I was in shock...
thank God, it's true!
The show is on September 18th, and it's sold out!!
They're going to record the show, and I'm very happy because I have a ticket for the VIP area (well, it's called "X-Zone").
Only 12 days left...
I'm very excited!!!
Why am I so mad?
I think it's because of my body's changes, but really I hate them!
They made me angry some times, other times they made me sad, other times they made me so so happy....
I'm really confused about my self.
Poema
Amarte no es fácil, yo se mucho de eso
sí cuando yo intento robarte algún beso
tú tierna mirada traviesa y risueña
en negarme el beso, se afana y se empeña
Yo quiero a ti amarte con plena conciencia
sin falsas virtudes, sin falsa decencia
amarte dormido y amarte despierto
amarte en mis sueños y amarte en lo cierto
Amarte sintiendo la noche callada
entonces decirte “niña bien amada”
que amarte casi se me ha vuelto un vicio
que a veces yo siento que he perdido el juicio.
Amando tu cuerpo de piel nacarada
que me hace perderme como encrucijada
hasta yacer prestos en el paroxismo
y sentir entonces que no soy el mismo
Así quiero amarte, mujer de ternura
mujer de inocencia, mujer de locura
pero que difícil es robarte un beso
amarte no es fácil...
yo...
se mucho de eso 
Electrónica En Vivo Desde El Computador Electronics Live from the Computer
Introducción. Introduction.
Introducción. Introduction.
Ya son cincuenta años de música por computador desde los primeros experimentos de Max Matthews en los laboratorios de Bell, y la creación de su lenguaje de programación para música Music-n. Fifty years of computerized music have already passed from the first experiments of Max Matthews in Bell laboratories, to the creation of his programming language for music, Music-N.
Desde entonces el desarrollo de hardware ha tomado camino hacia el menor tamaño y la mejora en su capacidad de procesamiento, lo cual también ha influido en su costo y posibilidad de producción en masa; paralelamente el software también ha mostrado un grado de desarrollo mayor y la implementación de métodos para realizar las mismas operaciones que se lograban con diverso hardware, pero usando un procesador de propósito múltiple, es decir el computador personal. Since then hardware development has taken a path toward smaller size and improvements in its processing capabilities, which has also affected its cost and the possibility of its mass production. In the same way, software has also shown a major level of development, with the implementation of methods for effecting operations which previously required specialized hardware using a single multi-purpose processor, that is to say, the personal computer.
Durante el periodo mencionado, no sólo la tecnología ha cambiado, el pensamiento mismo y las técnicas para crear música han cambiado o se han enriquecido. During this time, not only has technology changed, but the very thought processes and techniques used in creating music have changed as well and been enriched.
fifty years of music in the computer since first experiments of max matthews in the Bell laboratories and the creation of your programation lenguage for music music-n.
Since these time the develop of hardware has take road hacia the smaller size and the improvement in your capacities of processamient, lo cual tambien has influiding in your cost and posibilities of mass production; implementing methods for realizing las mismas operations que se lograban with different hardwares, pero using processors with multiple proposit,is say the personal computer.
during period time, dont only the technology has changed, the thinking and techniques for the creation music has changed or this has enriched, the interdisciplinary work of musics, physics, mathematics, enginers, artist, psichologs etc, has llevado fordifferent ways the computer music, showing are a fort influence included for the instrumental music.
Poem
SPANISH Text
Amarte no es fácil, yo se mucho de eso
sí cuando yo intento robarte algún beso
tú tierna mirada traviesa y risueña
en negarme el beso, se afana y se empeña
Loving you is not easy, I know this well
If when I try to steal a kiss from you
Your tender glance mischievous and smiling
in denying me a kiss toils and strives
Ferrari
Ferrari is a manufacturer of sports cars based in Maranello.
It was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1929.
They built cars for competitions and later, in 1947, also began to make sports cars.
Originally, Ferrari sponsored the drivers and cars of Alfa Romeo and Fiat, a company that started to produce cars in series in 1947.
this became in Ferrari S.
A.
when in the year of 1969 fiat group be entered part of administration council
Technical English
Tecnología de 42 voltios de Bosch
Con una serie de nuevos desarrollos y conceptos para los futuros sistemas eléctricos de los vehículos, Bosch está atendiendo la creciente demanda de mayor potencia eléctrica en baterías, generadores y alimentadores de redes.
Actualmente la generación de energía eléctrica en los vehículos de motor está desarrollada junto a una compleja red de baterías, generadores, cableados de datos en serie, unidades de distribución y diversas unidades de control electrónico, sensores y actuadores.
El número, así como el tiempo de funcionamiento y la potencia absorbida de estos consumidores está creciendo constantemente.
Este aumento es también consecuencia del accionamiento eléctrico de anteriores funciones mecánicas o hidráulicas como direcciones asistidas o selectores eléctricos del cambio de marchas.
Actualmente un vehículo completamente equipado requiere una potencia media de aproximadamente 800 vatios y una potencia máxima de 2 kilovatios.
En la próxima década, la media subirá hasta los 4 kilovatios; con potencias máximas de hasta 14 kilovatios.
42-volt technology from Bosch
With a series of new developments and concepts for future electronic systems for vehicles, Bosch is meeting the growing demand for greater electric power in batteries, generators and power supplies.
Currently, the generation of electrical energy in motor vehicles is in development along with a complex network of batteries, generators, cableados de dato en serie distribution units and various electronic control units, sensors and actuators.
The number, as well as the operation time and power consumption of these consumers is steadily growing.
This increase is also a consequence of the introduction of electrical power as an alternative for traditionally hydraulic or mechanical functions such as power steering and changing gears.
CLOUD COMPUTING
Cloud computing refers to the logical computational resources (data, software) accessible via a computer network (through WAN or Internet etc.), rather than from a local computer.
The on-line service can be offered from a cloud provider or it could be private organization's own.
In this case these technologies are regarded by some analysts as a technological evolution[1], or are seen as a marketing trap by others like Richard Stallman.
Users or clients can perform a task, such as word processing, mailing, with a client such as browser and with service provided through such cloud based computational resources.
Since the cloud is the underlying delivery mechanism, cloud-based remote applications and services may support any type of software application or service in use today.
In the past, tasks such as word processing were not possible without the installation of software on a local computer.
With the development of local area networks (LAN) and wider bandwidth, multiple CPUs and storage devices could be used to host services like word processing in a remotely managed datacenter.
The Cloud computing takes away the installation and upgrades hassles and need for higher computing power from users and gives more control to the service providers on administration of the services.
Consumers now routinely use data-intensive applications driven by cloud technology that were previously unavailable due to cost and deployment complexity.
[citation needed] In many companies, employees and company departments are bringing a flood of consumer technology into the workplace, which raises legal compliance and security concerns for the corporation.
[citation needed]
The term "software as a service" is sometimes used to describe programs offered through "The Cloud".
A common shorthand for a provided cloud computing service (or even an aggregation of all existing cloud services) is "The Cloud".
An analogy to explain cloud computing is that of public utilities such as electricity, gas, and water.
Centralized and standardized utilities freed individuals from the difficulties of generating electricity or pumping water.
All of the development and maintenance tasks involved in doing so was alleviated.
With Cloud computing, this translates to a reduced cost in software distribution to providers still using hard mediums such as DVDs.
Consumer benefits are that software no longer has to be installed and is automatically updated, but savings in terms of money is yet to be seen.
The principle behind the cloud is that any computer connected to the Internet is connected to the same pool of computing power, applications, and files.
Users can store and access personal files such as music, pictures, videos, and bookmarks or play games or do word processing on a remote server rather than physically carrying around a storage medium such as a DVD or thumb drive.
Even those using web-based email such as Gmail, Hotmail, Yahoo!, a company-owned email, or even an e-mail client program such as Outlook, Evolution, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Entourage are making use of cloud email servers.
Hence, desktop applications that connect to internet-host email providers can also be considered cloud applications.
as has become customary, apple maintenance a strict secret over the new products that planning revelate this thusday in san francisco, pero bloggers and followers of your products believe that are announced at least a new model for ipod to the incorporation of the beatles music at your itunes service.
in recients years the company with seat in cupertino, california, has used your presentation of september for the launch new ipods that haved become more smalls, elegants and more powerful with each generation.
the act of this year could be similar if the electronic messages of apple for the the press are hint.
the invitation for the press as same  a prepaid target of itunes and have  iconics silhouettes danzings of ipods and the words its only rock and roll, but we like it is a reference a the famous song of rolling stones.
this, of course deja space for conjeturas.
bloguerss ansious fot details inspections the image and notate that the cable of the auriculars is connect at the ipod al ittle big its seems a ipod touch.
help me
Hello people, my name is Edgar I am from panama.
I need than you help me with my english.
in actually i take a text procedent of internet then i translate this text.
is my proccess for learn english.
i need  they reviewing my translating that i write in this site.
please
i hope that you help me...
Hello
Hi everyone.
My name is David.
I'm from Guatemala.
I'm looking for people who can help me improve my English.
Contact me if you want to improve your Spanish as well.
how to salute in a military way
Hi every one!
I am a new member in this web site and i´m trying to learn the correct way to salute in a military form.
I would appreciate if someone could help me out or else tell me where could i find information about  this.
Thank you very much!!
how to salute in a military way
Hi every one!
I am a new member in this web site and i´m trying to learn the correct way to salute in a military form.
I would appreciate if someone could help me out or else tell me where could i found information about  this.
Thank you very much!!
hello
I need help me with my English. It is really bad :(
Christmas mess
Hello!
Christmas is getting near….
and as it often does, it is becoming a pain in the neck .
These are kind of stressful holidays, if such a thing makes any sense.
I have to run from one place to another, buying all sorts of things and stressing about petty  details, after squeezing my brains in the first place to decide on a type of gift in the first place.
Then you need to make the rounds round of lunches and dinners with each ofyour family members, and you end up bloated and surely with some extra weight.
There must be also something nice to it, but I don´t always succeed in spotting it.
Hi there everyone!!!
Well..
first post here...
my name is Alejandra, im from Argentina and im in my last year of law school.
I wanted to write my first post in japanese, but im kind of shy and my japanese is really bad..=( so , instead , im using english .
Well..
i use english mostly for internet purposes..
i dont really care too much about grammar, but sometimes i find myself having some grammar issues and , for ex, putting verbs in the wrong place or using prepositions in a very odd way xD .
Im positive this site is going to help me change that ;)
- I only learned english when I was in high school , and after that I improve it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...
High school was the only setting i learned english, and after that I improved it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...
- I only learned english when I was in high school , and since then, I've improved it by watching movies, videogames and the internet...
nowadays i used it for chating, reading books, watching series like i said before..
nowadays i use it for chatting, reading books, and watching series.
It has been very useful for me =)
Anyway, i hope a lot ppl correct this entry ;) and feel free to ask me anything or just add me to friends ;)
English mistakes
Everyone - I'm sure - has something about the language they´re learning that they want to improve.
Although i feel very confident with my english, i know my weak points and there are some really annoying grammar mistakes that i would like to erase :P
1) my informal way of writing :
Consequence of the internet of course ¬¬ .
I really owe the internet for almost all my english knowledge...
but nowadays it has become more of a burden for me...
when I have to write something more formal..
argh!!
But anyway, I think that this problem can be handled with a little bit of effort from my part
2) the difference beetween "have been" and "being".
I dont know why i sometimes confuse them...
It doesnt happen all the time and sometimes I write them right, but there were times when I have wondered whether I had to write "being" or not.
I think I should go back to my grammar books and check them out :P
3) "Don't" and "Doesn´t" / have, had
Yes, it's kinda embarrasing to admit xD I mix`em sometimes hehe.
4) The correct use of verb tenses:
I know, this is an issue for everyone who is learning a language...
and i think the best way to be confident enough and not make any mistakes with the verbs is practice ...
and reading!!
There you have it...
I know I make more mistakes, but this are the ones I remember right now though.
Plz be kind and correct the text for me !!
I'm looking foward to seeing your corrections!!
The Starcraft 2 Beta came out.
If the entry's too long don't correct everything, just correct a few paragraphs or give me some useful tips.
Some weeks ago the Starcraft beta was released by Blizzard, apparently you had to sign in with your Battle.
net account in order to receive a validation key.
I waited cause I know people were gonna crack it, and so they did.
I thought I wasn't gonna be able to run it cause I only have an onboard graphics card, but it came out nicely.
My thoughts about it:
When I started playing a map came up right away, and a race was assigned randomly, on my first try the Zerg came up.
They changed almost everything about them, most upgrades, most units and most buildings were changed.
For example the Queen now is a land unit instead of an air unit (wtf) the Hydralisk is an advanced unit and the Ultralisk is way tougher.
On the second try the Protoss came out.
Most of their structures remain the same but their air units are all different, the Carrier seems to stay unchanged though.
Dark templars are here but they don't merge into the Dark Archon, instead they merge into a normal Archon just like the High Templars.
The Dragoons have been removed, and damn the Arbiter was removed, that was one of my favorite units from the original Starcraft.
I did hate one unit that was similar to the new Collossus but smaller, it seemed too "insectish" and it didn't look Protoss at all.
I haven't tried the Terran out yet.
In conclusion the game is still under development but I doubt the final version will be too different from the Beta, I have to say I'm a bit disappointed, but since I liked the original Starcraft so much I had assumed SC2 was gonna be worse.
On my next entry I'm gonna talk about Diablo 3, and my expectations on that game.
Thanks for your time.
My lonely 
The loneness is very bad for me.
You see how the time keep going, how your friends are doing good things, how are you losing valuable time doing nothing.
I have 3 months with this loneness showing a smile fake.
The human being must to be in society.
My first day in Pachuca  :) I came here in order to study
Hi everybody my name is Alfred Andrew Riveros Castelan.
Here I am going to talk about how was my first day in my new place of study.
I had walked for about 6 hours when I felt tired for walked a lots, so I decided to rest few minutes.
I was thinking if call to my friend Karina or walk more...
to be continue....
ESMERAL MELO IS ONE STUDENT AT ISCHU AND LIKES MANY THINGS ABOUT THE SCHOOL
Esmeralda Melo is nineteen, and is from Tulancingo.
She is taking many classes like English and PILI, also she has difficulty in Morfosintaxis.
She likes that the school gives us the opportunity to study in another country, but she dislikes that the cafeteria does not have good food.
She thinks that the teachers know how to teach very well. She also thinks that they are very qualified to teach.
She has been learning English in the self-learning center.
I've just started!
I'm so happy to be starting in this social group that will help me with English. I feel a little bit shy about speaking English, because sometimes I fall down and make mistakes. That's why I'm here. I hope you can help me with that and help me to learn more about the language.
I'm gonna meet John Galliano
It's a pleasure to meet a fantastic designer, ok, not at all, it's just an e-mail interview, and my expo team and I will ask him some questions about his carreer and his creative process, and I expect succesfull and at least an A.
Going back to Sweden
(The following is a future entry in my blog, where I explain my Erasmus experience in Sweden.
I have decided to begin writing in it also in English in order to improve my writing with the corrections of the beloved community of Lang8 :))
[Note for readers] Hi there!
I have decided to start writing down my blog, in which I write about my stay in Sweden, in English.
The objective is to improve my English and to give you the opportunity of reading about my insignificant life!
My stay in Spain due to the Christmas break is finishing tomorrow, and I’m going back to classes in my dear adoptive city: Stockholm.
Throughout vacation I have been seeing in the forecast how temperatures have been warmer than when I was there.
..
shit!
Even recently it has been over 0 degrees, and it seems that my beloved snow (always pretty, though a bit of a son of a bitch when you are carrying your suitcase) is melting.
Anyway, for all the people who are saying that I’m going to freeze and blah blah, I go by the facts: 15th December, Madrid = -6º, Stockholm = 0º.
Ok, ok, to be fair, the truth is that here in Spain there has been great weather all Christmas.
The days it got chilly were no more that what I call “amateur cold”.
For Christ sake, I would send all of you that are complaining with shit like “The street is cold” or “I want to go inside” to the lake near my residence in Sweden, where the poor ducks have been confined to a little spot because of the implacable ice.
Anyway, being here these weeks for Christmas (oh fuck, I love to have actual holidays in Christmas) has made me aware of some little things I have missed about life in my dear homeland all these months.
And, of course, some things that suck about being here.
All about this in a pretty list of pros and cons:Note: this sentence is totally understandable, but I would change the second "this" so that you don't say the word "this" twice. 
Pro: “Cañas y tapas”.
Because there is nothing better in life that taking a cold beer accompanied with a delicious Spanish “tapa”.
Con: “Canis” and other suburban tribes, characterized by their IQ, which is near the Sweden mean temperature.What the heck is a "Cani"?
I prefer Swedish people that smooth back their hair with gel and wear big empty glasses.
Pro: To go out and not be fear death from exposure.You could also say "To go out and not be afraid of death from exposure."NOTE: "Scared to death" is usually used when referring to a sudden fright. Example: "You scared me to death when you grabbed me from behind."
In Spain it is not necessary to have all your skin coveredto avoid the risk of amputation caused by frostbite.While understandable, this sentence is a bit awkward. I fixed it somewhat but it probably should be re-written and I don't have time to think more about it. Sorry! 
Con: Spanish rubbish television: despite that I rarely watch television, when the shit hits the fan…Special consideration to the New Year’s Eve program with all the pink press.
FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!Quite correct.
Pro: Cooking far away from the smoke detector.
Mhh…well, right.
What I really wanted to say was: Pro: Not cooking!!
Con: Everybody saying: “But you must have been unnoticed there!” Well, ok, I know I’m blonde with blue eyes, but stop saying that all the time…I’m purely Spanish, you fucking idiots!Not 100% sure what you were trying to say, but Spanish allows double negatives and English doesn't, so I think you were saying the opposite of what you meant. Do people think that because you have blond hair and blue eyes that you will go unnoticed in Sweden? If so, then my correction is good. Also, notice that the word "time" should not be plural - "all of the time", not "all of the times".
So, with no more to say…au revoire Spain!
See you soon!
Trying to improve my English
As an exchange student in Stockholm, I have a lot of opportunities to improve my English.
All the international students here use English (well, unless you are talking with people from your own country), and this is perfect for a person to get a better understanding and speaking.
All the international students here use English (well, unless they are talking with their countrymen), and this is perfect for improving my listening and speaking skills.
Moreover, Swedish people have the great English and I think it would be difficult for me to distinguish between them and native English speakers.
Moreover, Swedish people speak great English and I think it would be difficult for me to distinguish between them and native speakers.
All the time I have been here I have tried to involve myself in “an English environment”.
I have tried to surround myself with an “English environment” the whole time I've been here.
For example, I only watch American TV series and films in their original language (with subtitles).
Also, I try to find the meanings of strange words and expressions, and I have a notebook filled with new words to learn.
But despite the fact that I continuously improve my listening and reading skills, I feel that my speaking is stuck.
But, in spite of my constantly improving listening and reading skills, I feel that I've become stuck with my speaking.
I feel really bad sometimes because, as I’m speaking, I notice that I make a lot of mistakes or express myself using strange constructions.
I can express myself in a decent way and people are able to understand me, but I know that I’m not always correct and that my Spanish accent really sucks.
I would really like to improve my speaking as well reflect in it the things I am learning while reading and listening.
I would really like to improve my speaking as well and reflect in it the things I am learning by reading and listening.
So I have decided to write more often in order to use new constructions and try to improve my narrow possibilities.
So I have decided to write more often in order to use new constructions and try to expand my limited possibilities.
Do you think it is a good idea?
Do you recommend me to do something special?
yogurt
Me estoy comiendo un riko yogurt de damasco con trozos de fruta, ademas mi gato quiere tambien; pero no le voy a dar xD
Hace frio pero de igual manera como yogurt ^^
Cansancio semanal
Esta semana me toco trabajar los 7 dias sin parar.......
uff fue algo agotador, pero de alguna forma la retribucion economica es algo que puedo disfrutar......
espero que esta semana que comienza solo sea de lunes a viernes :)
felicitaciones
A todos mis amigos de Japon
Les felicito por haber triunfado en este mundial
Espero que clasifiquen y sigan jugando tan bien ^^
Japon, japon, japon ^^
Traditional Peruvian Food "Santiago Queirolo" 
The best traditional peruvian food of all the places I've eaten at!
It's mostly a very good place where you can enjoy our traditional dishes.
It's located at 1062 San Martin Avenue, Pueblo Libre.
In particular, they have a good variety of great food, a big menu of traditional dishes such as papa rellena, ceviche, butifarra.  One of the most famous is "choritos a la chalaca".
The whole place is an old colonial building!
I think it's one of the only places in the capital city that maintains these traditions.
Inside of the restaurant, you will see many pictures from the time when this place was under construction, pictures of our first monorail, the first cars in peru, etc.
The place is quite small but very comfortable.
The waiters are a bit old, but they are really good.
I feel very pleasant every time i go there.  You find out about not only our food but also a little bit about our history!
And there are a lot of foreigners going there as well.
The price is quite normal and I find it reasonable since they cook very well..
I would like to recommend this restaurant to all the tourists who are coming to visit Peru. If you plan to fill your stomach with something tradtional, fast, unique and good from an ancient place like this, don't hesistate and go find it out for yourself.
helloooo :D 
Hey guys!
well, first of all i would like to introduce myself!
my name is Gustavo but everyone just call me Tavo!
i'm a 24 years old ugly guy who is trying to get better on improving his english skills!
so yeah :D hm..
i'm currently studying english at one british peruvian institute here in the capital city Lima ( i live in peru xD) when i took the qualification test at first!
i never thought i could even pass to the advanced level just like that!
because actually the whole career is about hm 2 years and half!
so i missed 2 years already!
those are the basic and intermediate levels...
i remember that i was never good in english when i was at school!
hm i just came back from japan after erm 6 years!
so i plan to stay here until I  get an international certification and work or study abroad, meanwhile living in japan..
i got to know many foreigners!
besides i was surrounded by latin people!
but since i got to know my current friends from myspace haha my english actually got quite better i think ^^"
I'm such a weird guy :D haha!
hm..
i was born here in peru but, actually, my family comes from japan
that's why i have "this" face ^^" hm what else..
i would really love to get better in english!
hm..
oh!
i'm working too haha!
i sell medical and car insurances, but it's only for a while i guess..
i need the money if i plan to move out of here!
because my biggest dream is to move to England someday..
and be able to teach spanish to non-spanish speakers!
in december i will have the opportunity to take the FCE exam (first certification in english) soo yeah haha!
well..
this is a little bit of me!
if i made some mistakes in this post...
PLEASE!!
let me know about it ok?
=) see you guys!!!
<3 
confused :( 
hm i don't even know how to start this new entry, i've never spoke about my feelings and personal things with other people, or people who i don't normally talk to...
so the thing is, i like this girl!
but the problem is that hm i feel like we are getting even more distant from each other!
things are not the same as before actually, which hm makes me sad and very confused.
Somehow it feels like she doesn't care about me anymore..
as she used to "show" me before...
she is currently living in tawain!
got a scholarship and she is going to stay there around 4-5 months!
she is very excited and happy!
she always wanted to be in asia.
But the main reason of why i'm worried!
is that we could fall apart..
and i'm kind of scared!
and i don't know what to do...
i know she probably is having some fun exploring the whole city, clubbing and stuff and she even told me that she doesn't have internet yet...
but i think that if she would be at least a little bit interested on me!
i guess she would even try to find the way to come online on msn or just..
write me an email!
don't you think?
i'm sure there are a lot of cafes and stuff...
but hm..
we will see!
she just arrived in taiwan 2 days ago..
so i guess she is getting use to everything over there...
a big one...
Sometimes i wonder if people deserve to be loved or if love it's something that we should fight for it and never give up...
it's really hard and complicated to know and understand IF the person you think it's the right one, the one...
to deserve to have your love!
so many people bring everything until fell satisfied with themselves!
"i really love her/him" " oh my god i'm such a nice lover, i deserve to be loved back" "i'm the best because i do love her with all my heart" haven't you heard these words before?
i can bet you already heard them..
but the truth is that, what's the point, what's the meaning to love if the other person doesn't even care about that?
if the other person doesn't even put a little bit effort to make things better huh?
should we continue loving?
or just give up..
that's one of the most common problems we have if we are into some relationship or even if we just like someone!
to bring love it's not only about from one side!
it has to be from both sides...
what's the meaning to love someone if she/he doesn't show anything?where is the interest then?....
this is something that i've been asking to myself for such a long time..
and i can't find the answer yet...
maybe you know the answer!
My trip to Germany! 
It was a trip that i'll never forget.
I still can remember when i've been through all these things about the visa, documents and so on!
but after all, i'd got everything well in my hands and the day finally came.
I'd been planning this for 1 year and half i think, so i was really excited, curious about Germany and happy.
I couldn't even imagine how it would there!
the weather, being treated by new people, the culture, the food and everything!
so i was kind of desperate to land at the airport already.
Since the first day i arrived!
my friend took me to many places such as malls, restaurants, a zoo, and of course!
we were going to clubs every night!
we really had so much fun together.
Anyway, just after 2 short weeks!
my last day came..
and i didn't want to leave germany at all, i felt very good and pleasant!
but i couldn't change my flight because i had to go back to japan and keep on working.
That day was one of the most horrible and sad days in my life, my friend accompanied me to the airport, her mum even prepared some sweets for us for the way to the airport.
Meanwhile we were talking about the whole trip and all the moments we'd spent together, i realized that i'd forgotten my flight ticket!
omg i was so shocked and almost cried, and we'd been already more than the half way to arriving!
so we just waited and at the end i decided to change my flight to another date.
After all, i really enjoyed my trip!
it was a new experience and i really had so much fun!
it's something that i'll never forget...
Leaving...
The last picture...
at the airport.
I wish I could have cried at that moment, but I just couldn't,
and my heart was broken 'cause, I was leaving the place
that, for so long I was dreaming to visit.
The place where, for once on my entire life, I felt entirely happy.
Thanks to everyone I met there..
good and bad expierences were
absolutely worth it.
And I'll remember every unique expierience, 
with pleasure.
And though, I'll definetely go back someday...
it won't be the same without you...
Love you.
Hello everyone!!
I discovered this site a while ago, so I'll test it out a bit.
My name is Manuel.
I'm studying Japanese and English, but my English is already good (not perfect, but I think it's good enough ^^U). I agree!
So, I hope you can correct my bad Japanese.
My native language is Spanish.
I look forward to correcting everyone's Spanish mistakes (and English, if I can) . 
I began learning Japanese from Anime and Manga (as most people do).
A year ago, I began taking a Japanese class, but I think I still hava a lot of things to learn. Again, what you have is fine, but this way is more natural :)
Well, I think is enough for today.
I'll write something else another time.
Thanks for reading.
Bye!
Big Decicions, Big Trials
In our life everyday we face trials which affects how we live now.
In my life, I faced, and still do, challenges that helped me to grow up as a person.
when I was nineteen I stared to work in an elementary school as a teacher´s aid.
This job was the key in my life because I realized that I like to teach.
But at the beginning it was n´t easy because I never worked not only with little kids and also I did n´t work at all before.
Once a little child stared to cry so loud and kicked me but, I don ´t how, I calm him.
Maybe was the tune of my voice or the way I talked to him.
I can ´t imagine my life if I did n´t accept this job, really I can ´t.
Another experience was when I went to USA as an Au Pair.
It was an incredible experience.
But I faced a lot of obstacles to realize my dream.
For example, the embassy denied me the visa twice.
It was emotionally exhausting  but I kept trying until I got it.
That experience let me knew how much I appreciate my family and my country.
After many years working as a teacher´s aid, a huge opportunity showed up, a job as a teacher.
It was a big challenge and of course a big trial.
The green fairy test 
Once upon a time, in a far far away kingdom lived a little girl named Sophie whose parents had die very long time ago, so she lived alone with his grandmother in a little house near the main town, some people came to visit her grandma very often, according to people of the town,  Sophie’s Grandma Lady Ann as people called her ,  she can make people feel better.
But one day Sophie found out that her grand ma was really sick, because  she have seen so many illness in her life that her body could not stand more the bad energies and started to make her sick as any other in the town, Sophie couldn’t believe it, she always have thought that her grandma was the strongest person she had ever known,  since Lady Ann was the only relative she had left, Sophie decided to go and look for a magical fairy that lives in the forest so she can help her grandma live longer.
Sophie left his Grandma at the house of the town doctor and then head to the magical forest,  she spend several days in the forest without finding anything related to the magical fairy,  suddenly she run out of food and water, she had some injuries for walking so far and she feel like she couldn’t keep going anymore, then she fainted.
When she woke up, she was at a small house, close to her was a green snake who told her no to be afraid that she has finally arrived to the fairy house, Sophie was confused usually snake doesn’t talk, but after all she was there looking for a fairy, the a young woman came into the room she was all dressed in green and greet her with a smile.
Sophie told her almost crying that she must save her Grandma, she was very sick for helping other and she doesn’t deserve to die like that, but the green fairy told her that there wasn’t anything to do with her grandma since she has already died, while Sophie left her three days after she died hoping to have her granddaughter to her side.
Sophie couldn’t believe it,  for three days and three nights she cried for her grandma, she didn’t eat nor talk, so the snake came to see her and propose her a deal, he will bring back grandma, but they will never could go out of the forest,  Sophie was about to say yes, when she remembered something that her grandma have told her since she was a baby “Think in the other first”, she realized that her grandma has always lived to help other people and haven’t got time for herself, she was being envious when thinking in bring her back to earth when she could probably be in heaven resting in peace after all, so she told the snake she didn’t want her back, when she said so, the snake became the green fairy and told her that her grandma was all right, that she will live more time and she could help her to make more people happy.
im trying to translate this text for a web page
SAMANA PAMBA LODGE
Samana Pamba Lodge is open to Ecuadorian and foreign tourists who enjoy outdoor activities and contact with nature.
Within the agro tourist ranch find activities that will give our visitors an unforgettable experience.
Located in the canton of Cayambe, an hour and a half from Quito, the Hacienda Samana Pamba is the perfect place to find peace and tranquillity that often do not get in the big cities.
WHAT WE OFFER?
We have 10 hectares of land in the quietest, cozy and a landscape without equal.
We devote our efforts to provide a unique service and quality.
The activities in Samana Pamba seeking to communicate experiences that to allow visitors to opt for a better lifestyle and simultaneously demonstrate the influence of nature in each of the people.
Let your imagination and become a farmer for a day or better still give your family a chance to interact directly with animals, place orders, fed to cattle or harvest organic produce from our garden
Services: 
• Accommodation
• Camping
• Food
• Agricultural Activities
• Tourist Packages
How to find?
Address: La Hacienda Samana Pamba is in the district of Cayambe, Pichincha province, Santa Ana Sector 10 km from central park.
Phone: 2235665
Mobile: 097345088
e-mail: samanapamba@gmail.
com
www.
samanapamba.
com.
ec
TRADUCCIÓN PAQUETES
TOUR PACKAGES
Pamba Samana Lodge has the following packages:
1.
Samana Pamba in passing by:
For those who want a quickie but experience marked his life, we offer:
Itinerary:
• Departure from Quito or Otavalo (Well very early to reach the milking)
• Arrival at Hacienda Samana Pamba
• Milking
• Plant a plant and give your name
• Harvest organic
And for those who want to completely disconnect from the world, we offer a range of very interesting and weekends: 
2.
Samana naturopathy Pamba 2 NIGHTS / 3 DAYS 
The frenetic modern civilization, the bad eating habits and excessive medication are the most common causes of most diseases.
Every individual is a natural tendency to health.
Natural medicine power of the media themselves available to the body to cope with the illness and self-curing.
If you have problems and find a place away from everything and everyone, Hacienda Samana Pamba is the solution.
Sometimes we need to think and to balance our lives to make correct decisions.
Let nature help you to discover the true value you and as far as you can get.
Have a weekend alone or with and free from disturbing noises, television, radio, newspaper, telephone, Internet.
Just  you and the nature.
You choose the activities you do: 
• milking 
• Planting 
• Harvesting 
• Animal feeding 
• Wood Oven Cooking 
• Cook on grill 
• Cook in oven 
• Painting 
• Reading 
• Drawing 
• And many more activities
3.
Farmer for a Day: 2 NIGHTS / 3 DAYS
But if you just want to have an experience that marked his life, we give you the opportunity to be a farmer for the duration of their hosting
But let him pace to a real farmer, perform daily activities across the estate and pass it fun.
DAY 1
Arrival at the Hacienda Samana Pamba: Afternoon
Lunch
DAY 2
Milking (5 am)
Visit chicken: eggs for breakfast
Breakfast
Land Preparation
Sowing products
Product Harvest Lunch
Lunch
Natural plants
Back to the farm: Food animal
Dinner
DAY 3
Milking (5 am)
Planting a flower
Farewell luncheon: artisan food preparation
Visit the town of Cayambe: Shopping
Leaving the ranch
                                             My Dream Place to Visit
My dream place to visit is Brazil for three reasons.
First, Brazil has the biggest rainforest in the world.
Second, it has so many beautiful cities that I would like to visit.
Finally, the World Cup is going to be in Brazil.
For these three reasons I choose Brazil as my dream place to visit.
What is happening nowadays with music?
I can´t understand why most people listen to the same music everywhere; you can come to Spain or I can go to Thailand and in either place the same fucking music will be playing every day, can somebody explain this to me because I´m not able to understand.
Something isn't right with your heads, ladies and gentlemen, because the music promoted on MTV is not the only music in the world.
Humanity has been creating music since the prehistoric era -- come on guys ha ha ha I'm not telling you to play music by hitting skulls with sticks or that you have to be always listening to oldies . I am only telling you to open your minds, brothers and sisters.
Unfortunately, in my town pubs there is little variety in music, but I´ll go to London the 8th of May for four months. Of course, if I could find a job there, I'll work to survive during this period because it´s really expensive to live there. My favourite pub there is "I´m Nothing." It's a bit small and it's near Picadilly; but everyday they have live blues music.
Bye-Bye.
Interests 
INTERESTS
Travel to visit new places, meet new people and know different lifestyles.
Learning languages to be able to communicate with people from other countries.
Sports, particularity team sports, because you build very strong ties of friendship.
Fashion world, because it is something chameleonic; it´s always changing and creating new things.
Help
Hi!
I'm really new with English. My grammar and my vocabulary is really bad.
I need a lot of help, please help me.
The Internet
These days it`s impossible to imagine a world without internet, but in the 1980s it was used only by a handful of people like scientists and so on.
These days it`s impossible to imagine a world without the internet, but in the 1980s it was used only by a handful of people like scientists and so on.
The internet was invented in the 1960s as a part of US government's defence plan.
The internet was invented in the 1960s as a part of the US government's defence plan.
It first went online in 1969 but the system always crashed and it was very difficult to use.
In 1989 the world wide web was created and in 1990, the public were allowed to access it.
In 1989, the world wide web was created, and in 1990, the public was allowed to access it.
The way it brings people together has revolutionized global communication by E-mail, chat rooms, forums, blogs and so on, allowing us to share our opinions.
The way it brings people together has revolutionised global communication via e-mail, chat rooms, forums, blogs and so on, allowing us to share our opinions.
The most interesting thing about the internet is that it isn`t owned by any government, organisation or corporation.
Please correct my writing if you have time.
For and against: Flying by plane
People who make long travels always prefer flying by plane, but is it a good idea flying by plane in the case of shorter journeys?.
One major advantage of flying by plane is that they are faster than any other means of transport.
A further advantage is that they are very comfortable, no to mention the fact that you are attended to by an air hostess.
On the other hand it is quite expensive.
Besides, it is not a reliable service in Argentina, especially because of frequent strikes.
What is more, it is not recommended to people who are afraid of heights or flying.
Taking everything into account, there are both advantages and disadvantages to flying by plane.
In the end, it is up to the individual to decide whether the pleasure of traveling by plane is worth the money .
(yes, this text is boring, but homework is homework XD)
My debt
Last week, I bought a new car.
To make it possible, I had to take out a loan from the bank.
So now I have to work hard to pay it off.
I also have to pay back money that I owe my parents.
The whole debt comes to about XXXX.
All my debt comes out to about XXXX.
Therefore, I`m saving up all I can to give back the money.
On top of all that, I have to go through university and it`s a huge financial problem.
Report
Public transport in Argentina seems to be deterioring throughout the years, and it doesn`t seem to be changing due to a lack of government investment.
According to the research I did, travelling and testing the public transport service, it has changed from the transport of the 80s.
It seems to be dirtier and less safe than it used to be 30 years ago.
Generally speaking, though, people prefer travelling by public service due to it being cheaper than any other means of transport.
Nevertheless, it tends to be stressful since it is not a reliable service, and it isn`t always on time.
Apparently transports like trains and buses are seldom punctual and people complain about it everyday.
In spite of their lack of punctuality, millions of people use them every day and their precariousness doesn't seem to be changing in the near future.
To improve the transport situation, it's necessary to make a lot of investment and to implement politics that take care of public service like a better cleaning service and, more importantly, not to forget to educate people on the caring of them.
If all of this is implemented, the precarious situation would change and they could be like first world countries` public transports, cleaner, safer and on time.
Survey: Internet habits
1) How much time do you spend on internet every week?
a)less than 2 hours
b)between 2 and 6 hours
c)more than 6 hours
2)Do you often play online RPGs?
a)yes, a lot
b)yes, but only a bit
c)no, never
3)Do you download music from (illegal) websites?
a)yes, often
b)sometimes
c)no, never.
I buy music
4)Do you frequent any blog or forum?
a)yes, I`m an addict
b)sometimes
c)no, I am not interested
5)Do you have an account on any social networking site?
(facebook, twitter and so on)
a)yes, I love them
b)yes, but just for work
c)No I don`t need them
Scolarship application ^^
Hey everyone!
This is my first English journal (already have a few in japanese ^^)
I had previously decided not to write in English, because I already practice with my family in Australia (casual conversations), but they're too nice to correct my mistakes, so I'm counting on you ;-)
Here it goes:
I'm applying for an UWC (United World Colleges) scholarship this year, actually I have the interview this saturday so, you can imagine how nervous I am.
Some of you might have heard of this organization, for those who haven't I'll explain a little ^ ^
Some people say it's an international school, and it might be.., but in fact it's a lot more than that.
It's a non-profit organization that brings students from around the globe together. Students are selected based on merit through a total or partial scholarship program, so the ability to pay isn't taken into account at all.
All the selected students get to go to one of the 13 UWC around the world, the locations are: Norway, Netherlands, Wales, Italy, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Swaziland, Singapore, India, Hong Kong, USA, Canada, Costa Rica and Venezuela.
The biggest aim of the colleges is to use education to achieve international understanding and peace :)
I want one of those scholarships so bad, it's my dream to get to know more of the world, to get to know a lot of cultures, and to be able to speak foreign languages fluently.
And being able to learn all of that from people with such different backgrounds is what makes UWC so special to me, it's the perfect place for everything that I want to do.
Besides living in campus with classmates, studying, working ( community service ) and a lot more things.
I just can't imagine the way it would impact my life, such a wonderful experience.
In my country only three of these scholarships are available this year: Norway, Singapore and Italy.
I don't actually know the number of applicants this year but it won't surpass 40 people ^^
So if I get selected, get ready norwegian, italian and chinese speakers because I might ask for some help XD 
Thanks a lot for reading!!!
and sorry if it was too long 
(couldn't help it )  ^ ^     
Take care =)
Hi
Hello everybody I want to share with you a litle bit about miself my 
name is Evelin I live in tulsa,oklahoma, I'm studying english getting 
prepared for the toefl test, hoppefully I will be able to pass the test, 
I'm playing indoor soccer with my friends from school it's kind of fun.
"Designer Baby"
Last week, I heard in the local news in my country that for the first time in Spain a baby was born without a genetic mutation that increases the risk of breast cancer.
I was really amazed because I was aware of the profound ethical debate that has been taking place in the previous years regarding the dangers of what is colloquially known as "designer baby" and genetic modification of human beings.
Nevertheless, when I read the article more carefully , I found out that, in fact, what they had done was a procedure known as "Pre-implantation Genetic Diagnosis" or PIGD.
In summary, the procedure uses in vitro fertilization of eggs and sperm form the parents, and then, a screening for a given trait (the genetic mutation in this case) is performed so that only the desired embryos are implanted back into the mother.
That is, all of the embryos that carry the genetic mutation are discarded.
PIGD does not involve any kind of genetic modification, instead it is an in vitro selection procedure.
Nonetheless, this is still very controversial given that by performing this procedure not all the embryos obtained are given the same opportunity to implant and develop into a fetus (as would have been the case if no artificial selection was applied).
I think that the application of this kind of procedures was both foreseen and inevitable.
With the advent of new techniques in molecular biology and colossal amounts of information about our genome and how it can be used to predict our risk of developing a given disease, it is just natural that more and more examples of this kind of application are going to be seen in the near future.
It is up to us to be informed about this subject so that we can support certain laws and regulations that could eventually protect us from the dangers resulting from inappropriate use of this technology.
Lies
Sometimes we lie not because we have evil intentions but because saying the truth would be too rude or inappropriate.
The thing is that usually we get caught eventually, and all the effort done in order to be polite ends up being useless and deteriorates the relationship we wanted to protect.
Lying is very easy.
It takes a lot of courage and self-confidence to be candid and outspoken, but I think it is worth the effort.
It feels right to say that the truth is always the right answer, but sometimes the truth can cause more harm than a lie.
I wish there was a magical formula or equation that told us when it is appropriate to choose one over the other.
Homework
My name is Misael and my article is about pulque, which is a traditional beverage from my country.
The Aztecs considered the pulque as the drink of the gods, and it was once very common to find people who sold it.
Today it exists in many different flavors such as oatmeal, pineapple or cactus fruit.
Although some people often find the consistency of pulque to be daft, I think it is really such a delicious and cool beverage
it is relatively cheap and sold in pulcatas (pulcatas is the place where the people sell pulque).
Mexico City is very famous for places such as "La risa" or "La hija de los Apaches."
Apart from being a beverage, it's also used in many dishes or sauces as a main ingredient.
Hi everyone!
Hello,
I'm trying to learn english by myself because it's dificult to be accepted in a good English academy here.
I'm in the upv(Valencia) for 4 years of computer science and I need to know English very well for my working future.
I hope we talk soon
Innocence
A soft white rabbit was jumping happily in a forest.
The ground, covered by flowers in bloom, remained listening his little feet resounding in the silence.
There were no more sounds along the lonely forest and the bunny just kept jumping.
He was completely focussed on his goal: find that peaceful green plain with a powerful waterfall where he found the thing.
That dazzling strange thing that awakes his curiosity.
Suddenly, the rabbit stopped.
A persistent sound of water falling started to overcome his senses.
The thing was just a few steps away...
i m new here
hi everybody
Today...
Today I got off work at 12:30AM. I skated home like I always do; I find it fun because there is a hill and it is fun to ride down a hill on your skateboard.
Today, I got out of work at 12:30AM and skated home like I always do. I enjoy it because there is a down hill and it is fun to ride down a hill on your skateboard.
I arrived home somewhere around 1:00AM, I ate a burrito I made for myself, then I started studying some Kanji. Kanji is fun to study because it feels like you are drawing rather than writing, and I love to draw.
I arrived home somewhere around 1:00AM. I ate a burrito that I made for my self, then I started studying some Kanji. Kanji is fun to study because it feels like you are drawing rather than writing, and i love to draw.
Hi !
Hello everybody, my name is Camila and I'm from Chile.
I really love to speak English, because it's an amazing language. But I don't speak very well, so I need your help! If I write something bad, please just tell me!
This is correct, but not idiomatic, "That's all for now" would sound more like a native speaker 
Bye
(:
When you get caught between the moon and New York City -- I know it's crazy but it's true! 
Where is the heart?
Where has the past gone?
Where has your happy face gone?
Everything changes eventually, sometimes for the better, sometimes not.....
About this page practicing my poor english xD 
I think that this page is really interesting because you can learn a lot.!
I guess that I'll be writing on this page often, if you can point out my mistakes I'll be happy and I'll be able to correct my mistakes!
Thanks and God bless you!
Good night!
It'll be a hectic day UU ...
Hello everyone.!
As I said I'll have a horrible, hectic day at school, from 5pm to 8pm I'll have free time because my teacher will be absent.
It'll get boring , I know Uu ...
, and I have to do a lot of homework for my english exams.!
='( ...
hey by the way, I'm so glad.!
I'm going to the United States in June.!
Does anybody here live there?
..
Please I need you to tell me places that I can visit there (: 
Thank you!
Have a good day and God bless you.
@Sergio Iglesias, México 
"Trials in your life"
In my opinion the trials always has present in our life.
Every time we should be strong and we should have positive mind for looking a solution to our problems.
First, sometimes is better has trials because we every day trying overcome.
For example, if the people disability have normal live with their disabilities and have a solution why not us?.
When we have some diseases and sometimes we're depressed because sometimes we feel defeated and alone , but we do not look the help of our family that is more important to be strong every day.
The most important reason that is, this obstacles teaching us to win and lost.
The past always reminds you to do the correct action for not to make the same mistake.
Finally, every moment of our life we grow up how person.
hi everyone
hi there, I just joined Lang-8.
I hope I will improve my english skills.
Also I know a little bit of russian.
If anyone is interested in learning spanish let me know ok.
BYE.
introducing myself
hi..review
its been a long 3 month summer vacation and now its time to go back to school..
we are doing some review and a just want to check if my work is right because i forgot a lot of things...
i just need to change some verbs to -ます form...
thanks for the help
If my grandmother were alive.
I haven't met my grandmother because she
I never met my grandmother because she
I didn't meet my grandmother, because she
died 10 years before i was born.
died 10 years before I was born.
died 10 years before I was born.
But I guess that if my grandmother were alive
But I guess if my grandmother were alive,
she would be very funny and happy and smile every time and we
she would be very funny and happy and she would smile all the time and we
she would be very funny and happy, she would smile all time, and we
go to the cinema or any place to talk and have coffee.
would go to the cinema or any place to talk and have a coffee.
could go to the cinema or any place to talk and have coffee.
If my grandmother were alive she might buy me clothes and
If my grandmother were alive maybe she would buy me clothes and
If my grandmother were alive she might buy me clothes,
many candies and ice cream and she would take me to
many candies and ice creams and she would take me to
candy, and ice cream, and she would take me to
visit Disneyland!!
Disneyland!!
my grandmother would be the best grandmother in the world
My grandmother would have been the best grandmother in the world
My grandmother would be the best grandmother in the world.
it´s too bad that my grandmother is dead.
It´s too bad that my grandmother is dead.
It's too bad that she is dead.
Brief introduction in English
Hello everyone!
If you are reading this I'm more than thankful.
I haven't really been studying English but as I'm living in an English speaking country I came to learn it naturally.
Of course I'm not saying I'm a native speaker, I'm far far away from that.
I'm afraid my mother tongue, which is Spanish, influences my English a lot.
I've found myself several times trying to say something the way I'd do it in Spanish, since those languages are quite similar each other. Sometimes I trust too much in that way of trying to say a word I don't know in English using my Spanish vocab with a weird accent - because maybe the word is similar in both languages. This sometimes works but most of the time it doesn't.
Anyway, I believe that this site will help to train my brain to think the way a native English speaker would think.
I've found myself really enjoying learning new languages because I believe languages are not only words or grammatical structures but a way to deliver your thoughts to people you wouldn't normally. I came to realise that languages contain the culture, the heart, the passion and manners of the people in question.
I'd like to encourage the people out there to learn a second and possibly a third language as it is a great experience.
Hello
I'm new on this website. I know some English but my goal is to learn more of the English language. I also want to meet friends to talk with and to improve my language skills.
I hope you correct me.
2.3. Ruta del Inka Project
2.3.
In principle and in order to facilitate student participation the project has been divided in two parts, nevertheless   it is going to be allowed to participate in the whole journey if the student has enough time and the possibility to do it but in order to do that it will be necessary anticipate actions.
2.2.3 Ruta del Inka Project
2.2.3 The second and definitive group inaugurate their activities on July 26th in Panama City.
Here a new group of around 200 participants will continue the journey thru the main archeological complexes and indigenes reserve of Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala, closing their activities on Monday 30th of August  at Tikal National Park.
2.4. Ruta del Inka Project
2.4.
In merit of bringing institutions closer together, we will have entities in charge of the student selection process in each part the journey.
In this way , unless a better opinion, the first of the journey the institution in charge of receiving students applications will be Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos, venue in Lima (Peru).
For the second part, the participant selection process will be done with the help of Universidad de Costa Rica.
2.1 Rurta del Inka Project
ADVANCES:
In order to raise awareness on Ruta del Inka’s purposes and objectives, visits  has been made visits by the coordinators  in each country till Mexico receiving good prospects.
Now we undertake tracking to these actions under Diplomatic Missions  which are going to be complemented with  new meetings in each country  in order to define pending details.
From our website www.
rutainka.
org  we will spread our coordination advances and the design of the program who will fulfilled and furthermore promote the call of this adventure.
2.4.3. Ruta del Inka Project
2.4.3.
In principle, these entities will be responsible of the selection process.
After of evaluating the main requirements shown in Ruta del Inka website.
This implies the elaboration and circulation of propaganda (posters, fliers, meetings).
These information should be reachable for college applicants.
Also it is important the spread out of news in different mass media resources, it is important to encourage participants and collaborator institutions to visit our website www.
rutainka.
org
2.2 Ruta del Inka Project
2.2.
Because of the great distance between Tiahuanaco (Bolivia) and Tikal (Guatemala), the expedition will have duration of 71 days, from 21st of June till the 30th of August of 2010.
In the same way it has been decided to divide the journey in two parts of 35 days each one, participants will simulate a sort of sentry post, emulating the old chasquis (Inka’s postman).
2.2.1. Ruta del Inka Project
2.2.1.
In this sense, a first group of 200 students selected from different regions of the planet will participate starting from Tiwanaku (Bolivia), culminating their journey in Capurgana (Colombia) on Sunday 25th of July.
From that privileged point of tranquil beaches of white sand participants will be back to their countries.
A group of directives and journalist of Ruta Inka will navigate from this point till Puerto Obadia, in Panamanian territory  in order to take a light air craft who will drive them to Panama City and continue the crossing with the second group summoned to take the sentry on this route.
Music
My band favorite is Green Day, the best punk rock band, because they're irreverent, their lyrics are cool and their music has a lot of energy 
My band favorite is Green Day, the best punk rock band, because they're irreverent, their lyrics are cool and their music has a lot of energy 
The Holidays
Hey, are you ready to celebrate Christmas and New Year?
to celebrate Christmas and New year
Hello people!!!
I'm here to help and to be helped.
A Dog's Life: "I Am A Dog"
I am a dog. My name is Titín, and I live in a village.
In the morning, I always wake up at Eight o'clock and go to the terrace because I have to do my "morning constitutional"
Then, I have my breakfast and I wait seated on the sofa until my owner gets up.
After that, I go out for a walk around the village and I see my friends and play with them.
At 1:00 I have lunch. After that, a little rest on the sofa.
At six o'clock, I go out for a walk again.
Finally, at night I have dinner and I play with my owner. After that I go to bed because I am very tired.
Real Madrid's players
Everyyears I hope the match R.
Zaragoza against RMadrid to see it at the stadium.
It is a special match for me because R.
Madrid is my favourite team and It has got my favourite football players too, like kaka or Ozil.
This season, Real Madrid played against Zaragoza on 11th december in 2010, I went to the Romareda stadium and I enjoyed watching the match.
Real Madrid won 3 - 1 R.
Zaragoza so I was very happy and entusiasthed.
I will hope R.
Zaragoza don't down to Segunda Division because I want to see again to R Madrid in the Romareda Stadium.
So On 11th december when the last time I saw them.
Another trip
Last week, I went to my uncle's house.
It's pretty far from my home, so It took me more time than I expected.
Anyway, I had a great time with them.
They're very funny...
in their own way, thought.
Beside that, we danced, ate a lot...
and, most of all, we spoke of different things: College, health, family, personal problems, last jobs, etcs.
I realized that we're apart for a long time.
And not just them, but also most of my uncles and cousins.
Maybe it's my 2008's new task: regain the lost time with them.
A random day
Hello!!~~~
My grandma kept so many things made by her family ...
actually not as many as she would have wanted since we moved a lot and we didn't always get to keep everything, but anyway I just discovered it again...
I tried so many times to learn but always something kept me from learning ...
I regret it a lot but it’s not to late!
I do want to learn, but again I'm always busy and over the years I think that women have lost the patience to create such things. It's kind of sad that women have given up that side of being a woman and tried to become more like men, but I will keep trying. ^^
Yesterday I went out with a friend...
Finally I get some social life heheh
We went to the mall and I spent only 14$ on a blouse, a ring and earrings ...
That mall is super cheap ...
There is an outlet of Suzy Shier ...
It's huge,_looks like they brought all the overstock from all the other stores so that Regina can start to dress better ..
I bought such a pretty blouse there for $2.50 ...
I couldn't believe it (*v*) 
A simple Summer day
I really didn't do anything lately, Well I had my haircut done the other day but in this picture you cannot see and I'm pretty happy with my new haircut so pretty soon I will show it ^^
Also I started sewing again ...
I'm in the middle of making two skirts but I can't finished it until I go to the fabric shop and buy some elastic...
I'm so lazy and it's nothing to be proud of , I still have two tops that need to be finished as well ><
I'm really happy with this outfit!
I need to get used managing colors better, I really like colorful clothes ...
but for this time I just preferred to wear white and a kind of red color again..
but I think everything looks nicely together for a simple summer day.
Gummies
Today I went to a Japanese supermarket, and although it is a normal supermarket, it’s funnier to do the shopping there than in any other market.
Today I went to a Japanese supermarket. Although it is a normal supermarket, it’s more fun to shop there than in any other market.
Today I went to a Japanese supermarket, and although it is a normal supermarket it’s funner to do the shopping there than in any other market.
I bought a lot of food: chicken, fish, and of course, a lot of rice.
I bought a lot of food; chicken, fish and of course, a lot of rice. (I'm not positive, because the semicolon is kind of a confusing punctuation, and even though I'm a native speaker, my grammar is not quite as honed as it was when I was in school and had to write a lot of essays, but I'm pretty sure it's more appropriate here than a colon.)
I also bought candies and snacks.
Right now I’m eating Pocky; wheat sticks covered with chocolate.
I was looking for gummies called: ふわりん but I didn’t find them, I love those gummies but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.
I was looking for some gummies called ふわりん fuwarin but I didn’t find them. I love those gummies, but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.
I was looking for gummies called: ふわりん, but I didn’t find them. I love those gummies but I think that the company Kabaya doesn’t produce them anymore.
Akimatsuri
Today I went to the “Akimatsuri” (autumn festival) in the Japanese-Mexican Association.
It was fun, and the food was fantastic; there were Japanese food, Mexican food, hamburgers and even Argentinean patties.
They had a scenario for cultural events, but I only saw the kendo representation and a group of taiko (drums) because I was to busy with the food… I ate a lot!
Yakisoba, yakitori, yakimeshi, ramen, cakes, ice cream… I spent a lot of money, too!
I’ll have to take care of my money, but today the food was superb.
I also bought a couple of t-shirts, but my favorite stand was one that sold books and magazines; you can have 5 items (books or magazines) and you just have to pay 5 pesos (50 cents of dollar).
That was amazing!
Of course, my Japanese is so basic, that I can’t read the magazines or the books; but I bought some of them… one day, I’ll read them!
Last week I had an exam
It was awful!
I’ve been studying French for two and a half years, but until this course I met a new teacher, Lilian.
My new teacher is very demanding, and I think that’s good, because I will be able to improve my language skills; but she is working too fast for our ability level.
Anyway, today the teacher gave us our notes.
I did some good work, but I think that I could have done it better, I will have to keep studying in order to improve.
Museums
Every Tuesday, since the beginning of this semester, I’ve been going to a different museum.
It's interesting, because we go to analyze the structures and the operation of the institutions; we try to see their challenges and the way in which every institution tries to solve them.
The museums in Mexico have serious problems. They don’t have money, which is important to finalize some areas for the public. The worst part is that the people that work there sometimes try their best, but the institutions of which they depend on are not interested in the work of the museum.
(Actually, the worst part is that there is no public).
These are a few museums that are trying to grow, which receive support from the institutions that maintain them: Centro Cultural Universitario Tlatelolco (University Cultural Centre of Tlatelolco), Museo de la Luz (Museum of Light) and the Universum (Science Museum). There’s a museum of art that’s making a lot of noise: the Museo Universitario de Arte Contemporáneo (University Museum of Contemporary Art), but it isn't ready yet; the inauguration is scheduled for November. Although the inauguration has been moved several times, it was supposed to open in 2006!
Well, these cultural institutions are the best (or should I say 'not as bad as the others'?) and all of them depend on the Universidad Autónoma de México (National Autonomous University of Mexico).
I think that the museums of Mexico should check out the works of universities in order to finalize their programs, their objectives, and to focus on the problems of contemporary Mexico, not Mexico of the 1950’s.
New Year's Eve in Mexico
New Year’s Eve here, is not as special as Christmas.
The biggest difference is that Christmas is a special night to spend with your family, at home or a relative’s home; and New Year’s Eve you can spend it with friends, boyfriends and family and you can go to a restaurant or a bar.
In general, we don’t have special food for tonight.
Because Mexicans cooks a lot of food for Christmas, so it’s usual to repeat the Christmas' dinner, and prepare just a salad or pasta to don’t dinner exactly the same.
Some families (not mine) tend to spend Christmas with the mother’s relatives and New Year with father’s relatives (or vice versa).
And that’s also the reason to “repeat” the Christmas’ dinner, like a second-dinner for those who couldn’t come on Christmas.
I’m going to celebrate New Year with my parents and my brother.
We already have a big table with cheese, cold cuts and bread; then we’re going to cook salmon on the grill, we’ll eat pasta, vegetables and we’ll drink wine and “mojitos”.
Do you know “mojitos"?
Happy New Year!!
Tacos
Hey!
In this post I want to talk about one of the most famous foods from Mexico: Tacos.
Tacos are the easiest dish to make out of all Mexican foods.
It’s so quick and easy to prepare, that it's one of the most sold foods down the streets of Mexico.
You only need filling and a ‘tortilla’ to prepare it.
Traditionally the tortilla is made up of corn.
Nowadays there are wheat-tortilla and even nopal-tortilla.
The taco instructions are very simple:
Put the filling on top of the tortilla, and roll up the tortilla around it.
But, what is the filling?
That’s the best thing about it; tacos don’t have a special filling.
You can eat vegetable tacos, or salt tacos, egg tacos, cheese tacos… But the most common is meat tacos, any kind of meat: beef, chicken, pork…
One of the most famous tacos in Mexico are the “tacos al pastor”.
Some think, that these tacos were invented by the Mexican-Lebanese community.
Tacos al pastor are made with a thing called “trompo”.
The meat is marinated with some spices and chili, to give the meat their fantastic flavor and its bright orange color, then it's placed in a big brochette.
The “trompo” spins in front of the fire, and the meat cooks.
The meat tacos are commonly served with three things: onion, cilantro and “salsa”.
But the tacos al pastor have one more ingredient: pineapple.
The resulting flavor is fantastic, kind of spicy and sweet.
The taco on the right is “taco al pastor”, the left one is a “taco de alambre”.
“Alambre” is some meat with pepper, onion and cheese.
So the combinations are infinite!!
The tacos are eaten with the hand, and there is a saying that says: “En el modo de agarrar el taco se conoce al que es tragón” That means something like: “The way in which you hold your taco, denounces if you’re a glutton” 
I think is true!
This is my brother’s hand.
Oaxaca
Last week was “Semana Santa” and in Mexico we had holidays!
I went to the state of Oaxaca with my family, it was pretty cool.
I thought that I would eat a lot of delicious food, but I think that the food of Oaxaca has nothing special.
And everywhere I went, they have the same dishes!
Something that is delicious in Oaxaca is the cheese, there is a kind of cheese called “Oaxaca Cheese” it tastes good and it's very fun to eat it, because when you try to eat it, the cheese stretches, especially when it's hot.
In the image you can see how Oaxaca cheese is made.
Near Oaxaca City there is a little town called: Santa Maria del Tule, this place is famous because in the atrium of the church there is one of the biggest trees of the world.
The tree isn’t big… IT IS HUGE!!
Age: 2000 years
Width: 58 m
Height: 42m
Diameter: 14m
King's Day
“Día de reyes”.
I think is one of the biggest dates for the Mexican children (although not for the parents).
The day has his origins in the bible’s story about the three kings or wise men that gave gifts to the baby Jesus.
On January 5th, the children put a shoe outside their bedrooms with a letter, asking for presents (usually toys).
They also can send the letter on a balloon; it’s fun to see the trees around those days, because you can see many balloons that get caught by the trees and didn’t make his way to the sky.
On the night of January 5th, the three kings leave the presents in the children's house.
On the morning of January 6th, the children wake up and find their toys, the streets are empty.
All the children are in home playing with their new toys.
My favorite part of “Día de Reyes” (maybe because I’m no longer a girl and I don’t receive toys anymore) is the “Rosca de Reyes”.
It’s ring-shaped bread.
The bread is so delicious; it’s made with anise and orange.
On top it has some crystallized fruits.
Inside the bread, it’s hidden a little figure of plastic (in the beginning was a porcelain figure) of a boy; it’s supposed to be the kid-Jesus, but we call it ‘mono’ (the boy-doll, its kind of pejorative) or ‘muñequito’ (the little boy-doll).
If you are eating your bread and you find something :), you probably are eating the muñequito’s feet.
But that’s something to celebrate!
Because that means that you’re the godfather of the boy Jesus and you’re going to throw a party on February 2nd, the special food for that day is ‘tamales’.
Art gallery
Last week I went to an art gallery, nowadays there are a lot of them in some areas of Mexico City.
Personally I don’t like galleries; it seems that when you’re a student and you don’t have enough money to buy, the people that work there sometimes get bored with your visit.
It’s an uncomfortable feeling, and I don’t like it.
This time, the visit was different because we went to the gallery with the purpose of speaking to the directives, not to see or buy art.
The director of the gallery was a young man who willingly accepted to answer all of our questions about the administration of an art institution and the general panorama of the contemporary art in Mexico.
Perhaps, the next time that I visit an art gallery, I’ll look at it with a different perspective.
It was a very interesting day.
Schools
I haven’t practiced my English, this is very bad.
But I have to practice. I try to think in English.
Sometimes, when I’m walking down the street, I remind myself of all the things that I did during the day or the things that I want to do. I do this in English; it is my daily practice.
I’ve been busy with schools and exams - it has been awful!
There are lots of things to do, a lot to study.
This semester was good; I learned a lot of things and I visited many museums and galleries.
I also made friends and this makes the school-time more enjoyable.
Next semester is going to be good.
I’m going to have photography lessons - that’s very exciting!
The bad new is that I must buy a camera and with the economic crisis, they are too expensive!
Anyway, this was a good year; that's a good start for the New Year.
Hi!
Well, it is nice to be here.
I'm a Spanish native speaker from Chile.
I'm studying English [at the University] Since you haven't mentioned a specific university, you shouldn't use a definite article or capitalize "University." So, in British English, this should be "at university," and in American English, it should be "in college."  I'm studying English at the University at the University of Chile, but it's still very difficult for me to write and speak in English correctly using my own words.
I usually make mistakes and my sentences don't sound natural sometimes.
For this reason I found it interesting, the idea of this website were you can be corrected by native speakers of your target language and at the same time you can help others who are learning your mother tongue.
So I found the idea of this website interesting: a place where you can be corrected by native speakers of your target language and at the same time you can help others who are learning your mother tongue.
I thank anyone very much who can help me to learn and correct my English, and I'll also try to do my best when trying to help people with Spanish ^^.
Thanks very much for helping me to learn and correct myself in English..." to learn and correct myself in English, I'll also try to do my best when trying to help with Spanish ^^.
That's all for now,
Bye bye.  ^_^
Hi again!
So much time without writting absolutly anything in here!
However, not many interesting things have been happening in my life lately.
The last thing that I was doing was looking for a job.
Since last week I've been preparing for some interviews and submitting my application through the Internet for some different jobs.
The reason is because I need money for next year and to pay for the things I plan to do in the future. In addition, summer is also coming.
It means that I have three months almost completely free: almost all of December through to March, so I have enough time to keep myself busy doing something.
I always get nervous when I have to do these kind of things.
First I prepare my clothes, semiformal.
A pair of trousers, as part of a suit without any jacket because of the heat of these days.
Also, I will prepare a kind of formal shirt with light, thin and a formal kind of sweatshirt.
Also shoes, not sandals or sneakers.
Also women need make-up and our hair needs to be neatly combed.
Our appearance is as important as our work targets and our way of speaking and expressing ourselves. This is especially true for jobs which need a lot of conversational or social skills, such as a shop assistant or cashier, or something like that. I don't know if client service is correct, maybe you say it in another way when you are paid to help people for different concerns they have.
Another thing that I had to do is answer some test questions.
Psychological tests are ones in which you have to see pretty things or at least not monsters or something to dark.
In addition, there is a test in which they tried to measure if you can work well and do accurate thinking under pressure.
Anyway, I think these tests are not necessary .
Your experience and sometimes the personal interview will reflect more about yourself.
Finally, I got a job.
They called a week later than they said they were going to call me but I was selected anyway.
So I got a job for the summer!!
(This was the job I applied for first i when I began to look for a job for this summer!
I wish I knew an expression for this!)
Well, this job begins in December, so I have enough time to finish my classes first.
Let's see what happens.
Fireflies
It is said that there are over 2000 especies of fireflies around the world, but only some of them fly.
There are only a few remaining places where we can still see these little bees dance during the summer nights. One example is the species that still exists in some parts of Japan.
Although I've never seen real firelies, the idea of them inspires me.
For me they are a metaphores of little lights of hope in the darkest night of desolation.For me, each one is a metaphor for a little light of hope in a dark, desolate night.
Seeing those little lights dancing in the dark&nbsp;among the&nbsp;trees near the water&nbsp;must be the most beautiful thing.
I hope they do not disappear before I&nbsp;have a chance to&nbsp;see them.
^^
Love letters
Love letters are normally too sentimental and so full of words that only once you read them again after some time you realize how silly and embarrassed they make you feel.
This summer I was far from the city and had little communication with most of the people I normally talk_ to.
So I dedicated some of my time to writing.
One of the few pieces of writing I did was a kind of love letter I had never written one before.
Sorry, I misread. That needs to be: One of the few pieces of writing I did was a kind of love letter. I had never written one before.
I typed it in Notepad and titled it "I love you".
It said: "Only a couple calls is not enough, knowing you are far away is not enouegh _either.
I feel you beside me when the distance is short, and I really miss_ you when we are too far apart.
I'm happy when we meet, but it really hurts me when I see you leave.
I love you."
Of course it is only a kind of translation of what I wrote, and it was inspired by one person.
However after finding it in my files and reading it, I still feel it is like the kind of stupid thing you write that doesn't make any sense when you feel inspired.
^^U..
I'm think I'm not really romantic at all^^U...
My worn-out wacom penmouse =(
I'll talk to you about one of my hobbies.
I'm an illustrator, that means I make artwork to make money.
In order to make an illustration , I work with traditional and digital items.
The traditional ones are : a big sketch block +  0.5 automatic blue pencil + 0.5 automatic pencil.
And the digital items are: a cheap scanner + Corel Painter 11 or Photoshop CS3 (depending on my mood and the brushes I need to get the work done) and finally, my beloved wacom tablet.
I won't tell you about the whole process of creating an image , because that is a story for another entry.Wait and see, dear audience, wait and see. ;) 
This entry concerns something that, somehow, surprised me some time ago and I noticed that the tip of my penmouse is running out(?) !!
I bought my brand new wacom tablet 4 years ago and I thought the penmouse would last FOREVER.
How wrong I was, I wish you could see it by yourself but my digicam doesn't have a macro shot system .
I'll be buying a new penmouse this coming friday and I'll be happy once again.
PS: In case you're wondering what the heck is a "wacom tablet and penmosue", I attached a picture for you.
Thank you for reading (and correcting me)
Earthquake in Chile (I'm ok)
Just a small entry this time to let you know I'm ok and my family too, The earthquake got me while I was working during the night, and after the majorwave I ran like crazy to the nearest hill bacuse tsunami alert was given, I waited for like 3 hours waiting for the huge seawave but thing happened and Igot back home safely.
The shockwave was hugse and long, it lasted at least 2 minutes, and now we're getting small aftershockes during the whole day...
it's kinda scary because news says that aftershocks can be even stronger than the real deal, but way shorter.
Anyway, everything is closed over here, but there's some places over Chiel that are totally destroyed and there are people living in the streets because they're afraid to get back to their homes :( Hopefully humanitary help are on their way and I hope everything will get back to nomalsoon.
here some pictures of the disaster in my country :(
Dances with wolves
Hi guys!
So today, I'm going to let you know about one of my favorite passt time which is reading.
Reading has not always been part of my life, in fact, I hated it when I when in I was in junior school and high school because , many time, teachers forced us to read crappy and boring books that no one wants to read.
During the process of growin up, I discovered that there are very cool books that I wanted truly read.
One of them, is "Dances with wolves" which is also a super awesome movie as well (obviously the book came first).
Not so long ago, I was walking down the street when a spoted a book store that was selling off half price books.
Out of curiousity, I got in and start to check the books when I acutally saw "Dances with wolves", the book that I saw the movie and was amazed by its incredible beauty.
I bought it and let it aside for a while due of the lack of time.
I started reading it a few days ago and it's even more awesome.
If you have any chances of buying it or borrowing it from your nearest library , then take a look at it, it won't let you down, granted!
The movie is as good as the book, perhaps with less details but still cool.
Ok, this went a bit long and I don't wanna bore you with all this stuff, I think that, maybe, the next time, I'll show you some artwork and a step by step process of the "making of" an illustration :D
Cya guys 
Thanks for reading (and correcting)
my thought about "V" day
I don't like “v” day. Why?
because it’s totally an excuse to make your other half happy by buying some kind of fancy and expensive gift…however, I’m not the kind of guy who gives something on that day in exchange for loving me the past 365 days...
Because it’s totally an excuse to make your other half happy by buying some kind of fancy and expensive gift…however, i’m not the kind of boy who gives something on that day in exchange for loving me the past 365 days...
I can't really understand why this day really exists when you have other 365 days to say "I love you" to your loved ones.
I can't really understand why this day exists, when you have the other 365 days to say "I love you" to your loved ones.
Although I've never been in love with a girl...
I could hardly give a gift on that day...
I think it's a huge lack of respect or something like that...
anyway the day is gone now...
I'm happy once again :D
A little walk through my neighborhood ...
Ok guys!
I don't like taking advantage of this system (lang-8) where my english can be corrected for free by good will teachers, of course, if I could reward you with money, I'd do it but since I feel a bit guilty doing nothing about it, I'll reward you with a bit of cultural exchange through out pictures.
One of the thing I actually like of my current city  (Valparaiso) it's the chaos reining all over the city, unlike my previous location which was in small city(Fribourg) of Switzerland, the whole organization and location on how the houses are built here is pretty random, or, at least, more random than in Swiss where everything is organized which is pretty boring.
Although in here, you can get lot of fun taking pictures of different places through walking a bit around your neighborhood.
There's a lot of houses, big, small, colorful, it's like all happiness.
I'd like to buy a big house someday, they're pretty spacey  and comfy to live in :D
On this entry I share with you some pictures (duh!
3 actually)  to show you a bit how things looks in this part of the globe.
;) Enjoy!
Once again, guys, thanks for reading and being so good will teacher with me, your help is super well appreciated ;)
Coffee is important....
Hey guys!
So I work in design fields here in my country.
Even though i'm partially happy with all the work the company is throwing at me, I'd like to havethe opportunity to teach what I do which is drawing and digipainting.
I don't want to complain on here because it'd sound lame.
I'd rather point out about what I'm happy which is the high amount of creativity that the company gave me to create new characters and backgrounds but I'll tell you all bout this in futures entries.
For now I just want to gather some nice experience to work with another very talented person at my side.
One of the reasons that i can't really complain is coffee, I can get as much as I want(at my work place) and it is soimportant for all of us who work hard in creative and design fields. It helpsme to keep at itand not fall asleep while I'm thinking about new designs and characters.
Woohoo for coffee!!
the picture above is my coffee cup!
as you can see, she's happy and peaceful like me *0*
Have a nice weekend!
As usual, corrections are all welcome.
Thanks :D
Being away...
Hey guys!
Long time no see!
I've been away from this site for almost 2 weeks or so.
The "why" is pretty simple, I've got a new job in illustration fields for an Important advertisementcompany here in my town.
Despite they're waiting for me to start working in their office on march 29th, they gave me time to quit my current (and boring) job and rest because they said i'm going to need it, they got an important project and they need an illustrator (among editorial designers) for the job so they called me up.
They also asked me to create sketches and potential designs that could be included in the project, needless to say I'm very happy with the job and I'm drawing/sketching like crazy in order to do my best and keep this job.
I''ve been pretty busy, going out, watching movies, studying the subject of project to create new artwork.
It hasn't been too stressful but I suspect that it will turn stressful very soon once I start working in that place.
I'll be sharing some artwork very soon in here.
So keep watching this little corner of mine
That's it for now, hope you behave well guys ;) thanks for reading and I'll catch you later :D
Once again, thanks for correcting my mistakes.
:D
Stay Tuned 
Brand new job once again...
Hey guys!
So as the title points it out, I got a new job this past week...
this one is located in the capital, Santiago.
First of all, I hate Santiago, mostly because of the bad air quality, the super crowded streets, and huge travel times. Taking the bus and the subway is a complete mess.
So that being said, why did i take the job?
First of all because the wage is decent and, second, I work from home :D. It means I'll work in my comfy home HERE in Valparaiso.Yay!
I actually just have to show up at work every Thursday, the company take all the travel charges that I needed to reach the workplace, and plus they give me lunch.
How convenient, right?
It seems like I got the perfect job, I hope to spend a lot of time there:D
Meanwhile I am working on another activity, which is Vj'ing.
Basically I'm seting up visual graphics for a Dj friend and we're going to make some nice music video shows very soon.
It's actually a hobby but I'll be paid for that too...
so hopefully i'll be getting an extra income from that "job" also.
I haven't updated for a while now. I'm sorry but i've been busy for the last weeks, drawing all kinds of illustrations for clients and now I'm mentally getting ready for this new job ;D
Thanks for reading (and correcting)
Stay tuned for an entry for my digipainting tutorial #2 :D
Bye guys, and play nice :D
Traduccion al Ingles Britanico de resumen Mulan
Mulan es una joven china, hija única de la familia Fa, que en lugar de buscar novio como el resto de sus amigas, se esfuerza por entrar en el Ejército para evitar que su anciano padre sea llamado a filas para defender al Emperador del acoso de los Hunos.
Cuando el emisario imperial ordena que los varones de todas las familias se alisten en sus tropas, Mulan se hará pasar por el soldado Ping y se someterá a un duro entrenamiento hasta hacerse merecer la estima y la confianza del resto del escuadrón.
NECESITARIA LA TRADUCCION AL INGLES BRITANICO PARA VERIFICAR QUE LO HICE BIEN
I want
I want a real man with real feelings, a man that wants to give his life for me, that wants to dream with me, that wants me and feel about each day of your life, that I may be your need, a man that really loves me.
Too Much to Drink.
Yesterday, I was bored and decided to call my friends and ask them if they wanted to hang out, or do something.
As the day before I'd injured my finger playing beach volleyball so I could not play.
I decided to invite them over to my place and play some video games.
Fabi showed up with a bottle of some pink drink, and said that we needed to party.
I started laughing, and said to her, "Ok, lets do it."
It was around three in the afternoon.
We started playing while we were waiting for Ada.
Ada showed up, and we started to talk about 'girly stuff' while we were drinking.
At some point we decided to play 'Street Fighter', and the rule was that if someone lost, then that person had to take a shot of 'Patron'.
I felt fine, since I had played this game before.
I was winning most of the time, whilst Fabi was losing all the time, so she had to drink 'tons' of shots.
Ada was doing ok too.
It got to the point where Fabi went to the bathroom and she took quite a bit to get out.
Ada and I decided to check on her, and she was doing pretty badly, in fact, she was throwing up.
Fabi was hugging the toilet like it was her best friend, and did not want to get out of there.
Ada and I tried to help her, but she was doing pretty badly.
Finally, we were able to pull her out of there and help her to lay down.
She could not move at all, and she kept throwing up until she was able to fall sleep.
She left early this morning and was still sick.
Fabi called in sick at her work, and I have been checking up on her.
It seems that she is still sick, and cannot get out of bed.
Hopefully she'll feel better later.
According to her, she'll drink no more alcohol for a while.
I hope so for her sake.
Volleyball Drama
I came to the realization that people pretend to like each other but most of the time this is not the case.
I've come to realise that people pretend to like each other, but that most of the time. it is not truly the case.
People have said to me that it is the 'californian style'.
People have said to me that this is the 'Californian Way'.
Some of my real friends have said that if I go to the east coast people are more friendly and you can really make friends.
Some of my real friends have said that if I go to the East Coast, people are more friendly, and that you can really make friends.
I have belonged to a beach volleyball group for at least three years.
Right now I organize this group and we have two different levels, advanced and intermediate.
Right now I organise this group, and we have two different levels, Advanced and Intermediate.
We play every Saturday for most of the day.
Since I organize this group, I have experienced all kinds of drama.
Since I've been organising (running) this group, I have experienced all kinds of dramas.
Some people just go to play volleyball but most of the guys have tried to hook up with somebody.
Some people just go to play volleyball, but most of the guys go to try to hook up with somebody.
Girls tend to be very competitive, I wish by playing good volleyball.I wish girls would be competitive because of volleyball.
Girls tend to be very competitive, but I wish that it could be, by playing good volleyball.
Instead they are competitive with each other, and it makes me crazy.
I noticed this on the courts and especially in our social activities.
I've witnessed this on the courts, and especially in our social activities.
For example, if one girl notices that another one has more attention then she, the 'popular' one, is not invited to next activity. Or the other girls just try to ignore her altogether.
For example, if one girl notices that another is getting more attention than she is, then the newly 'popular' one is not invited to the next activity, or they simply try to ignore her.
They also pretend they are your best buddies but they are not.
Also, they pretend that they are your best buddies, but in reality, they are not.
I really have a hard time understanding and relating to them.
I really have had a hard time understanding or relating to them.
I just want a real friend,someone I can trust and have a great time with.
I just want a true friend, someone that I can trust and have a great time with.
Today, I got caught in the middle of a drama.
One of the girls was organising a karaoke night at 'The Grove'.
I was planning to go but I did not want to stay up late since there is a tournament tomorrow and I have to wake up early to set up lines. But I thought I'd stop by for a little bit.
I was planning to go but I did not want to stay up too late, since tomorrow there is a tournament, and I have to wake up early to set up the lines, so I thought that I'd just stop by for a little while.
Meanwhile I got another invite by some other girl for another Karaoke night for today as well.
Meanwhile, I got another invite to a karaoke night off a different girl, also for today. 
I noticed that the main organizer was not the girl who invited me , and I think is because she does not like me.
I noticed that the main organiser hadn't invited me personally, and I think is because she does not like me, instead, I was invited by somebody else in the party.
Anyway, I realized that both girls are organizing karaoke and they are inviting some of the same people.
Anyway, I realised that both girls are organising karaoke nights, where they are both inviting some of the same people.
I thought why they are doing this, making people uncomfortable by trying to make them choose between the two karaoke events.
I wondered why they were doing this, making people uncomfortable by having to choose between two events, with the same activity, just different organisers.
I just think it is ridiculous and childish.
I think I am going to stay home and watch a movie.
A ride in the time machine
If I had a time machine, I would travel to the past and try to see how culture began, how humans were created.
Also I would like to visit the ancient civilizations like the Aztecs, Mayas and Chinese.
Bye
Honesty in life
I think you should be honest in life, because if you are not, you will carry plenty of problemsinto your intrapersonal and interpersonal life.
I think you should be honest in life, because if you are not, you will carry plenty of problems into your intrapersonal and interpersonal life.
Always telling the truth could help you to escape from telling lies and more lies.
The more you tell the truth, the better your life will be.
The more you learn to tell the truth, the better your life will be.
Bye.
hello..!!
Good Night..
My naime is Jessica, i'm do eighteen year old, studing advertising design just beginning with the race.
I like draw, paint, go with friends and talk.
addition i love ice cream.
Dreams
Today I woke up feeling sad. 
I was dreaming something nice but suddenly I remember that I need to organizate my next travel to a town nearer here, and how my best friend had told me the week before that she will be free that day.
I thought I should invite her, was then when I woke up and I see it clearly any of my friends could came with me, They are all far far away.
Sometimes is hard to live in a foreign country.
I try not to get homesick but is pretty difficult.
Studying abroad
Hello everyone, this is my first entry.
I hope you can help me to improve my basic English :P
Well, I'm going to start talking about of my experience studying in Catalonia (Spain) the capital city of which is Barcelona.
The first thing I discoverd was that the people here not only speak Spanish, they also speak catalan, a romanic language very similar to that of french.
I have to learn how to study stuff in this language.
The lifestyle in the capital is madness, but not in the way you may be thinking. What I mean is that I found it surreal.
Maybe it is made mad by the influence of Gaudi and Dalí.
This city is not like any other one. I have to say that I'm becoming enchanted.
Finally, I want to add that if you are interested in traveling to Spain to see bulls and dance "flamenco" I don't recommend you coming to Catalonia. Tourists have the wrong idea about it. Catalonia has his own culture, customs and language.
Their heritage is a very rich one indeed.
Scouts
Scouting is a worldwide youth movement that aims to develop the physical, spiritual and mental potential of young people in order to become good citizens.
This movement was founded in 1907 by the British Baden-Powell, who also set the principles of scouting.
There are currently over 38 million member in 216 countries, and this is still increasing.
There are currently over 38 million members in 216 countries, and this number is still growing.
The ages range from 6 to 25 years old, so the scouts are divided into age groups, which are:
The ages of these members range from 6 to 25 years old. The scouts are divided into age groups, which are
the boy/girl scouts that are eleven to seventeen years old  
over 18 years old: rover/ranger scout
and the rover/ranger scouts that are over eighteen years old.
These age groups then are arranged into patrols with animal's names.
These age groups are then rearranged in patrols baptised with animal's names.
The scout's activities are mainly outdoors, like camping, hiking or sports, but also they learn to respect nature and survive in the wild. For that they are instructed in first aid, too.
The scout's activities are mainly outdoors, like camping, hiking or sports, but they also learn to respect the nature and survive in the wild. As a result, they are instructed in first as well.
Every 4 years, the community organizes a huge global scout's event known as "Jamboree," where scouts from around the world meet.
Every four years, this community organizes a huge global scout's event known as the "Jamboree", where scouts from around the world have the opportunity to meet.
Scouts wear uniforms that have their own symbols.
Scouts wear uniforms that have their own symbols.
The uniform consists of a shirt full of merit badges and other patches, and a coloured neckerchief.
The uniform consists of a shirt decorated with merit badges and other patches, and a coloured necktie.
The principal symbol is undoubtedly the blossom Liz which has several meanings.
The three petals mean loyalty, selflessness and purity.
The stars symbolize the scout's law and commitment.
The needle in the the centre indicates the north, marking the path.
The ring joining the petals represents the brotherhood among the scouts and the rope reinforces the fact that this fellowship erases any differences among ethnicities, religions and social classes.
Finally the knot means that success is achieved with hard work and dedication.
Finally, the knot means that overcoming obstacles can be achieved with hard work and dedication.
Opinion essay
Most people would agree that the Education is the basis for a citizen's development, but some will argue that the education society provides aims to teach us to stop thinking for ourselves because it only needs adults who can follow commands.
The State may be afraid that its citizens will learn too much because knowledge allows people to realize when something is unfair and make people protest when a bad policy appears.
I really envy the education system of the Netherlands and the Scandinavian countries.
In all these places the students can learn many languages, even in public schools. They also have extra  curricular activities like sports, music and arts that help to develop a student's other skills.
The Spanish educational system has been producing poor results since long ago.
The main reasons for this, from my point of view, is the lack of initiative and the curriculum that doesn't encourage study.
All children should have the opportunity to develop their interest and skills. Parents play an important role in all this; if they don't stimulate their children's motivation, (Since it is an opinion essay, the reader already knows that it is from your point of view) this lack of support would be reflected in the child's academic results.
Learn English with internet
Ok, I will finish my fifth university course (the last year) and I need to learn as faster as it can possible, so, what would you do?
Thanks.
Another Practice: Essay for the FCE
I'm here again!
This time i need your help with an essay,this is another practice exercise to obtain the First Certificate in English.
I had to write this essay giving my opinions on the following statement:
"There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient"
So, this is my essay.
Does public transport have a future???
Public transport can be something controversial depending on the circumstances.
Some people say that is useful and convenient meanwhile other people do not like public transport and think that is only an annoyment.
The truth is, there are certain public transport that can be better than others, for example, most of the people would agree that subway is better than bus, because it is faster and cleaner, but in certain cities of the world this could be false.
I mean, bus could be managed better than subway, so it would offer a better service.
We can not state that travelling by car is much more convenient that travelling by public transport.
In my opinion, not everybody can buy a car and expend on it.
Also, in many ocassions (specially in big cities) the rush hours are terrible, being the subway a better option.
This is why public transport will be with us for a long, long time.
What do you recommend to improve my writing?
is it enough good for a FCE?
Thank you very much for reading this essay, your comments really help me to improve little by little my English.
:D
Practice: Letter for the FCE
Hello!
I wish you can help me with this letter.
I'm practicing so i can do my best in the First Certificate in English.
which I'm presenting this June :)
The objective of the next letter is to ask for information about visiting a College, I'm supposed to be representing a group of students.
**********************************************************************************
Dear Mr College Director,
I am very glad that you are properly informed about our coming to your college this September.
As you already know, this visit is absolutely important for students who are learning English.
This is a unique opportunity to improve our skills in that language because we could speak English with anybody in the college and learn new words, also is an excellent chance to make friends who can help us to improve everyday.
We have disscussed about our accomodation and we have decided that being together in a youth hostel is the best option.
Living with an English-speaking family is also a good option but, most of us wish to botter nobody with unnecessary extra-cares.
Therefore, living in a youth hostel allow us to have a little more freedom and decide by ourselves.
We would be greatly grateful if you can inform us about the weather and clothes, so we can be necessarily prepared.
Looking forward to your reply,
Miguel Alonso
I wonder if you can give me tips about how to write, i mean should i use a more formal style or my style is ok as it is?
Thank You for reading!
Hi!! My first writing in English on this site!
Hi!
This is my first time writing in English on this site.
I've been studying English for some time, you know to master a language many skills are necessary such as speaking, listening, reading and writing.
These are the infamous 4 skills for learning a language well and sometimes it can be really hard to master them.
However, it also depends on the amount of time that you dedicate to learning the language which you're interested in.
It's obvious that you won't reach a good level in a short time if you don't practice a few hours everyday.
It is said that some languages are easier to learn than others.
In my opinion, it also depends on your native language.
For example for many westerners is a lot easier to learn English,French,Italian and Spanish because these languages come from Latin, being known as romance languages.
But learning Chinese, Korean or Japanese can be hard as hell, cause we aren't familiar with those weird,strange symbols.
So, for Japanese people is really hard learning English because they aren't familiar with most words and their pronunciation isn't as flexible as English pronunciation.
When I became aware of this page I thought that it could be very handy to practice my English as well as my Japanese and in exchange, help many people learning my native language which it is Spanish.
So, thank you very much for reading my first writing in English.
:D
Ah!
by the way, my nickname is Michard,nice to meet you.
(though this should have been written at the beginning and not at the end but i forgot it XD).
I love english language
I have my first test of english this Monday!
....
help me!!!!
Whatever you wanna call it
If someone asked me if I could weigh up the things I feel inside of me, I'd say there's no number invented which can tell anybody about this.
As a matter of fact, I have to admit that sometimes I think I'm quite crazy at all.
I don't know in what sense or in which level of madness.
But this madness I mean is not in the sense that everybody could imagine or figure out.
I do think that everybody is kind of crazy in some way and I'll tell you why do I think this.
Don't everybody have a kind of personality?
And don't everybody like different things from the others?
How is it that there happen to be as much opinions as human beings alive?
In my kind of theory, the personality is a sort of synonimous of "madness".
Everybody have their own personality or whatever you wanna call it.
Anyway, that's my own personality itself and the things I'm saying here take part of my kind of personal 'insanity'.
Cultural Intelligence
Hi!
I'm trying to transcribe this video explanation: 
That's what I've understood but I'm not sure if it's correct or not and there are also some words which are impossible to understand for me:
What factors determine the way I am?
What makes up my culture?
Why is my culture so different from others?
What is this person like?
Why are they this way?
The action of moving across cultures is a different and challenging one.
It requires a degree of adjustment and adaptation that is not found in any other type of social interaction, because so many aspects of the new situation differ from the prior ones.
To make things more difficult, many of the rules that we learn in one or in more than in one culture may not be useful in a new culture.
In fact, many of the lessons learnt in one culture would often interfere with successful adaptation in a new culture.
Culture adaptation is a bit of moving target and requires and requires a set of highly complex cognitive and meta-cognitive skills.
Consistent with conceptual framework of education of philosophers, like Johan Dewey, _____ Piaget and David Cole, cultural intelligence or CQ approaches the task of becoming multi-culturally affective and fruitful through the lens of of motivation, cognition and behavior.
These components have been researched and found to be applicable in the attempt to provide leathers to their survival kit to improve and enhance their willingness to be cross-cultural, their capacity to be successful cross-cultural agents and their ability to adapt and adjust to different cultural situations.
Because of the immense challenges poised by demanding to interact in multi-cultural situations, CQ is a survival kit.
Due to CQ Enhancement Seminar Through the CQ Enhancement Seminar, sponsored by the US Canada regional office, we seek to equip persons with the survival kit because the church is called upon to minister not only the persons who are like us but if the truth be told we do ministry among persons and people groups who live in a cultural vastly different from our own.
On that fateful day in April 1970 when the spacecraft Apollo 13th found itself in difficulty, we heard those unforgettable words: “Houston, we have a problem”.
This was not a call to surrender or capitulate; it was a summons to creativity, inspiration, passion and perseverance.
The words that the crew in space heard from the mission control on earth still resonate with us today: “Failure is not an option”.
The result of thatfirm resolve was a successful recovery of the mission.
The CQ survival kit embraces those words on behalf of those who are willing to respond to the call to minister cross-culturally “Failure is not an option”.
As the seminar will show there are four essential tools in the survival kit for improving one’s cross-cultural effectiveness and these four tools provide the answer to four gnawing  questions asked for those who are involved in this challenging ministry.
Tool number 1 is CQ Drive.
This provides answers to questions: What’s my motivation?
What’s my level of confidence and motivation for this cross-cultural assignment?
If it’s lucking lacking, what can I do to increase it?
Leaders with high CQ Drive are motivated to learn and adapt to new and diverse cultural settings.
Their confidence and their adaptive abilities are likely to influence the very way they perform across cultural situations.
Tool number 2 is CQ Knowledge.
This provides answers to the questions: What do I need to know?
What cultural understanding do I need for this cross-cultural assignment?
Leaders with high CQ Knowledge have a rich, well, organized understanding of “culture” and how it affects the way people think and behave.
They possess a repertoire of knowledge in knowing how cultures are alike and different.
They understand how culture shapes behavior.
Tool number 3 is CQ Strategy.
This provides answers to the questions: How should I plan?
What do I need to plan in order to do this cross-cultural assignment successfully?
Leaders with high CQ Strategy develop ways to use cultural understanding to develop a plan for new cross-cultural situations.
These leaders are better able to monitor, analyze and adjust their behaviors in different cultural settings.
They’re conscious of what they need to know about an unfamiliar culture.
Tool number 4 is CQ Action.
This provides answers to the questions: What behaviors do I need to adjust?
What behaviors should I adapt for this cross-cultural assignment?
Leaders with high CQ Action can drop can draw on the other three dimensions of CQ to translate their enhanced motivation, understanding and planning intoactions.
They process a broad repertoire of behaviors which they can use depending on the context.
The CQ Enhancement Seminar might just be the surge that your ministry needs to guarantee some measure of success in your responds to God’s cultural mission.
And as we become more culturally intelligent, each of us can becomemore effective at reaching our world with the Good News
news while simultaneously making the world a better place.
Fungi used for packaging
We assume that many of our readers have received a product, sometimes bought via the internet or perhapssometimes a giftfrom a relative that lives in another city.
We assume that our readers have received the products they order, from the internet or as a gift from a relative, who lives in another city.
The important thing to note is that usually the product comes protected and insulated by some kind of padding.
Sometimes they are foam balls or styrofoam. And when there isn't enough money simply crinkled newspaper sheets .
Sometimes we use foam balls or styrofoam, and when there isn't enough money, simply wrinkled newspaper sheets.
One innovative company is using a new product named "Mycobond", made with fungi.
They say that in the manufacturing process it spendsone-eighth of the energy necesary to generate the same volume of foam pellets, and it emits one-tenth of CO2.
They say that in the manufacturing process spend one-eighth part of the energy necesary to generate the same volume of foam pellet, and emitted  tenth part of CO2 to the atmosphere.
Gustavo Cerati had a stable night, but today the damage will be assessed.
Gustavo Cerati had a stable night, but today the damage will be assessed.
Gustavo Cerati, hospitalized and in serious condition because of cerebral vascular damage, remains "stable" as doctors said last night.
Gustavo Cerati, hospitalized in serious condition because of a cerebral vascular accident, remains "stable" doctors said last night.
Particulary, doctor Herman Scholtz said that the muscle continue "stable within neurologic view point", adding "there haven't been improvements" but neither "has fallen" in his process of recovery, in statements given to Mitre radio.
Particulary, doctor Herman Scholtz said that the muscle continue "stable within neurologic view point", adding "there haven't been improvements" but neither "has there been any decline " in his process of recovery, in statements given to Mitre radio.
Cerati was operated on Wednesday in the Teaching Medical Center La Trinidad de Caracas and this Tuesday noon. The damage will be assessed, that he suffered from cerebral ischemia.
Cerati was operated on wednesday in the Teaching Medical Center La Trinidad de Caracas and this Tuesday at noon the damage that he suffered from the cerebral ischemia will be assessed .
The most recent medical report states that it is too early to talk of more operations.
he is currently in full intensive therapy.
North Korea signs forward as a goalkeeper in the world cup!
North Korea assigned forward as a goalkeeper in the World Cup!
FIFA has confirmed that the forward Kim Myong-won (signed as a goalkeeper in the final list of twenty-three players) can only play as a goalkeeper.
FIFA had confirmed that forward Kim Myong-won, who was assigned to be goalkeeper in the final list of twenty-three players, can only play as a goalkeeper.
North Korea named the player Amrokgang as one of their three goalkeepers to have one more forward, thinking that they would only need two goalkeepers for the football world cup.
North Korea named player Amrokgang, one of their three goalkeepers, to be another forward, thinking that only two goalkeepers would be needed for the football world cup.
What the Asians didn't know, was the FIFA rules, which sets that it is mandatory that every selection team must have three goalkeepers, so the organism won't allow Kim to play as a field player.
What Asians didn't know, was the FIFA rules, which sets that is mandatory that every selection team must have three goalkeepers, so the organization won't allow Kim play as a field player.
What these Asians didn't know was that in the FIFA rules, it is mandatory that every team must have three goalkeepers. For that reason, the organization didn't allow Kim to play as a fielder.
Hello everyone!
Well, the first post I'm about to make is just because I want to have my first entry and correction at the same time haha
I would like to start by saying that I feel very excited about this webpage, because you can exchange information with so many people and by extension you can also discover new words, new phrases, etc.
Right now, I'm studying my major which is Trade Relations, and I live in Mexico City, as you all guys can notice at my profile main page :P
Well, soon I'll be writing new stuff and I really would like you to correct me in order to make my English more and more accurate as time goes by.
Thanks a lot for reading my post.
MickeyliciOus!
Mx
Just a little bit nervous...
Next friday, I'm going to take this certification in English, which BTW is starting to make me feel nervous.
I mean, I think I have a good basis when it comes to English, but this type of challenge makes me feel kind of dizzy haha...
Anyway, I think I will have to stop thinking about it and concentrate in order to get at least 580 points.
Of course, I'm talking about the TOEFL test.
This will be the 1st time I take this exam, but hopefully, I will pass it =) Fingers crossed!
Thanks for reading =)
Greece
Lately I've visited interesting cities like Rome and New York, but if there´s one place where I want to go, it's Greece.
I´ve always seen the magic of Greece in the movies.
I love the white houses on the coast, the tradition of Athens, the incredible color of the beaches and the hospitality of the people.
I think I could go there in the next few years, when I start to work and I save some money, but for now, I only have my dreams.
Greece!
There I´ll go!
Hi everyone!
Well, some friends from the USA
said that my pronunciation is very good.
But I have some misspellings when I write, so I have to improve my spelling above all.
I will start by writing about what I did today.
I woke up at 6:30, ate breakfast and finally went to school.
At 8:00 physics class started. We studied kinds of waves and did mathematical exercises.
At 10:00 technology class started. We prepared an exposition and asked the teacher questions.
At 11:30 Biology class started; we had a test on cellular organelles.
The test was relatively easy.
At 13:00 I had lunch. I ate seafood.
At 14:00 history class started. We saw a movie about the Cold War and had to answer questions related to the movie.
At 15:30 religion class started, and we debated the positive and negative aspects of our society.
At 16:15 the classes finished.
I want to learn another language besides English, so I chose Italian.
My English level is intermediate, I can mantain conversations about familiar topics.
Also I'm reading "The adventures of Sherlock Holmes" completely in English.
Until now I have understood 85%, and I like to read these books because it increases my vocabulary.
Ok, Now I will talk about the title of this entry, I decided to study Italian, Why?, because I saw several languages and these were my observations:
French pronunciation is difficult, and there are too many irregular verbs
German doesn't have a rule for plural, so studying German requires the memorization of the plural of every word.
German words aren't similar to Spanish, 
The phrase "If you know English you will learn German easily" is a myth.
English is just helpful with little vocabulary words like "house," "son," and "cat."
But beyond that, it does not help with German.
Portuguese grammar is very similar to Spanish grammar, and though I never studied portuguese, I could read in Portuguese and understand it.
So, what's the problem with portuguese?, the pronunciation.
-And finally Italian, The grammar is similar to Spanish, but is equally complex.
The pronunciation is very easy, almost equal to Spanish, obviously with few differences (Ce, ci, che, chi, gn, cci, à, è, ì, ò, ù)
Based on my observations, I chose Italian. With just a week of studying, I'm advancing quickly. I learned the Articles, the Personal Pronouns, some basic vocabulary and now I can write basic sentences in Italian.
That was all :D
Playing a great game
Yesterday I play "Empire Earth II", to be more specific...
a random skirmish, There were ten players, including me, the selected map was "mediterranean", my starting position was in the north, beside the red and yellow player.
I chosed the british civilization, because it has good cavalry to combat other civilizations.
From the start of the game, I had fifteen minutes to take territories, build and prepare an army to defend myself.
But I'm not fast, so inthat fifteen minute period, I had three territories and buildings, but not an army.
The other players were prepared for a war, so I had to build lots of walls on the frontiers as well as towers, and fortresses.
I signed agreements with the closest players, because I didn't want a war.
However, the most distant players declared the war on me.
Fortunately, those players were too far to attack me, however they sent their ships to attack my ports. Thankfully my reaction was fast, and I sent my frigates to defend the coastline.
That was my first victory, but it would only be the beginning...
What I am writting now, Part1
The world is coming to an end.
Have you ever realized that?
The continual conflicts mostly in developing countries, the huge amount of people suffering from poverty or dying of malnutrition and the really serious problem that is global warming.
All these terrible situations are the problems that the earth and international community are facing.
If there would be a way of solution, it would be the creation of a world government.
By creating a world government would be the best way to create a world order and bring peace to the world.
The idea of the creation of a world government appeared when World War Ⅱ ended.
The miserable atomic bomb was dropped on Japan and it showed the world what an atomic bomb can do which was all nations can be destroyed, easily.
It was then the international community began to think about creating a united government to control the atomic power.
In this research paper, it will be indicated the situation the world is in and what we can do to fix it up.
In the first, it will be a section about the reasons for a world government.
Next, we will go through the history of the development of the world government.
At the end, it will be discussed on the problems with the world government working effectively and how to make it work better.
​     The international community has forgotten what is happening in the developing countries.
Above all, Afghanistan is in a really sirius situation.
And war is all that Afghanistan's children only know.
According to the UNCHR, there are about 15.2 million people existing as refugee around the world, of which 20% that is 2.88 million people is said to have come from Afghanistan (2009 Global Trends).
The lost country’s economic power, due to the war, has fallen to the lowest in the world.
The war in Afghanistan has destroyed everything especially opportunities of education which contributes the essential components of the country.
The national literacy rate is only 28%.
In addition, the literacy rate goes less than 5% for women in rural areas.
Looking at the situations of children, one out of four loses their precious lives by the time they got to five.
In a 1997 UNICEF survey, children who experienced or witnessed or, actually, received act of violence during the war is reported to be close to 70% of the all researched amount.
There were many poor villages where people’s children had to put out as soldiers in order to obtain food and be able to eat, during the war.
Such children, in fact, need the opportunity of education, and it is important that they should be given the environment where they can essentially grow up just like children all over the world, in order to return to the society and contribute to the country’s success in the future.
However, an international volunteer association called Shanti (SVA), has reported that there is no text book in Afghanistan while more than 5,000 schools are required, teachers who have received a higher education are only 15%, and to not to increase the generation that cannot receive a normal education, it is an emergency task to obtain the assistance, that is needed, from the international community.
(to be continued)
Hello!
I'm new here, can somebody help me?
I need help to improve my writing.
Hello, 
I'm a translator and my level of English is good.
Nevertheless, I would like to improve my writing skills.
What can I do to acquire more vocabulary and fluency?
Any ideas?
Thank you.
my email to Tom
Dear Tom, 
Thanks for sending your email.
My journey home was very long.
I took over three hours because I got lost on the way as my GPS broke down.
However, I got to buy a map at a petrol station.
We have many photos, but my favourite is when we went to Madame Tussands’ museum and a picture of us was taken trying to kiss the Prince Charles, each other in a cheek.
Don’t worry about your watch.
I found it in the bathroom, in the shelves.
I reckon you took your watch off for washing your hands before having lunch.
In September, I’d like to stay on your uncle’s farm in the countryside because I reckon it will be funnier than to stay in a flat without fresh-air.
Besides, I love animals.
When I was a child, I used to go to my grandma’s farm for playing with my lovely pony.
Does your uncle have one?
I’m looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours,
Maria
Robert and I :)
On Wednesday afternoon I went to have
On Wednesday afternoon I had 
dinner at Roberto’s for the last time.
He already had a flight ticket for Rio de Janeiro .
He had a flight ticket for Rio de Janeiro as well,
and heshowed it to me.
He pointed at a geographic map to show the route of the flight that he intended to do.
He pointedout the route of his flight that he intended to do on a geographic map.
He said " this isn’t just a flight, but a kind of emigration".
About twenty of his friends came to say farewell, including Carla and Livia who almost didn’t look at me.
I stayed until midnight, then I said my goodbyes and I left.
Robert and I 2
I walked quickly, with my hands in my pockets and my raincoat collar raised.
Near my house I met the blond guy who took Maria for a drive in his Volvo. Don't know what you mean by underneath here.
I saw him in the light of the street lamp less than two meters away, and even if he had the same raincoat and the same glasses and the same face from yesterday, I only remembered him when we were already thirty meters away. Metre is OK if you're going for British English, otherwise it's incorrect.
In school ...
This text is a translation from Italian to English so ....
I suppos there are many mistakes.
Thanks for your help.
In school the most passive among our schoolmates have also started to regret openly about which might study and about how it was taught.
Teachers have tried to raise their voice, to accentuate the lack of understanding of their explanationsto frighten us.
At the beginning, our demands were very reasonable but teachers didn't seem to take it into consideration.
Once for example, Guido proposed to the Latin teacher that we read entire books instead of the usual parts od a text with many grammatical examples.
Some questions about me
How does your home town compare with Bath?
My home town is smaller than Bath and it isn’t so popular with tourists . Although the weather in Spain is sunnier than here!
Do you think you will live in Spain for ever?
Yes, I do.
Because although I like traveling around Europe, my family and my friends are in Spain and I would find it very hard to pass my time without seeing them.
Because although I like travelling around Europe, my family and my friends are in Spain I would find it very hard to go away and spend time without seeing them.
What does your work involve?
I work as a receptionist and I receive clients and write down their personal details, answer telephone calls, turn the computers on and so on.
What do you hope your life will be like in ten years time?
I hope to be married with a hard-working man and I’d like to have a well-paid job.
Do you play any instruments?
Yes, I do.
I used to play the piano twice a week in Spain, but here in Bath I have had to give it up.
questions about me 2
Do you have you any pets?
No, I don’t.
I had a rabbit 5 years ago but one night, my brother forgot to close the door of the cage. The next day, we didn’t find it.
Can you cook?
Who usually cooks at home?
I can’t cook because when my mother or grandmother are cooking, I’m studying. So, I never watch how they cook.
Usually, my grandmother cooks while my parents are working but on the weekends my mother always cooks.
Have you ever taken part in a competition?
Yes, I have.
I was runner-up with 80 points in a tennis competition last year.
teacher or book
I think that to learn with a help from a teacher is better than to learn alone.
I think that to learn with help from a teacher is better than teaching yourself.
I remember when I was a child, my teacher, my friends and I were reading a book and none of the children understood the meaning of both in the sentence ‘Scarcely had the lion and the tigers arrived in the lake when both animals died of thirst’.
I remember when I was a child, My teacher was showing my friends and I a book, but we didn't understand the meaning of 'both' in the sentence: ‘Scarcely had the lion and the tigers arrived in the lake when both animals died of thirst’.
"Miss Carolina, what is the meaning of 'both'?"
asked my friends and me.
asked my friends and I.
My teacher told us that the word 'both' was referring to the tigers and the lions together.
It is more effective when a person talks you about something and you listen to her/him than to read a book with a small writing without pictures.
It is funnier when a person talks to you about something and you listen to her/him, rather than reading a book with small writing, without pictures.
Nathalie de Nantes
Elle est Nathalie Martin qui est née le 25 de juillet du 71 à Nantes.
Elle est célibataire et elle n’a pas de enfants.
Elle travail comme infirmière et ses loisirs sont la natation, le cinéma et la peinture.
Elle aime aussi voyager.
Maintenant, elle habite 6, avenue Lepic à Nantes.
interview with almu
She chose to study English Translation because she didn’t like any other degree.
At first, she thought about doing English Philology, but eventually, she decided to study a Translation degree.
She doesn’t regret her choice.
She decided to study in the University of Málaga because she didn’t have a mark high enough to enter to the University of Granada, which has a better reputation.
She likes interpretation more than translation because she prefers to speak and listen to language rather than write it.
She doesn’t want to become a teacher because she finds the profession very boring as she would teach the same things every year.
Almu thinks she doesn’t yet have the skills to become a good translator or interpreter ,
but she hopes to learn them during her degree.
She loves the English language, but she likes German and Italian too.
In fact, she is going to Germany for one year to improve her German .
She will try to meet a lot of people in parties; she will go to pubs, clubs ...
etc., but she will also study hard because it is not easy to pass subjects in another language she doesn’t know very well.
So, she thinks Erasmus is a good way to learn other languages if you talk to people from that country and go out with them instead of going out with Spanish people.
She hopes to make nice German friends.
doubts...
I have some doubts about whether these sentences are right:
-The text explains why we have a fuzzy memory.
- The subject matter of the text explains why we have a fuzzy memory.
or maybe ...
why do we have a fuzzy memory.
-The author of this text explains the reasons why we can't find certain memories when we need to.
-The author of this text informs us about the reasons why we can’t find certain memories when we need to.
or maybe why we can't find ...
This is a problem for me ....
thanks
posh people
They always wear designer clothes (Lacoste, Burberry,Tommy Hilfiger)so,they are very interested in fashion.
Their parents have quite a lot of money, so they belong to the upper class.
They have luxury cars like Audi, Mercedes, Jaguar between others ones.
Some boys wear slightly tight trousers with sweater over their shoulders and nautical shoes.
Other ones wear underpants 10 cm over trousers with a very tight t-shirt.
Girls normally wear tops, polo shirt, dresses, lots of variety of clothes;  very big handbags, huge sunglasses, round pointed tip shoes or Converses or high-heeled shoes.
helppppppppppppppppppp American people!!
I'd like to know, what is the meaning of Outback.
The context is "America's Outback: Southern Utah".
I don't know what 'Outback' is.
Is it that Utah is inside of the country or that there are very few people there?
Utah (uninhabited).
thanks XX
Robert and I - 3
We walked next to each other for a quarter of an hour.
I wasn’t sure if he was taking me to Maria’s; this was only an idea that existed in my head.
I wasn’t sure if they were friends who, by chance, had taken her for a drive in his car the other day.
When I saw them in his blue volvo, they didn’t talk to each other nor exchanged glances nor were close in any way. 
However they seemed joined in some sort of way.
Perhaps it is their typical behaviour together to not talk and look at each other even if they are seated sideways.
SARITAAAAA
Dear Sara,
Many thanks for your last email.
I’m very excited for your arrival.
I reckon the best time for meeting up is the first week of May because I don’t have to work as my contract of employment will be over.
I’m sure that my mother will be very glad if you come home to try some of the most delicious dishes made by her and she could also give you some recipes.
If you’d like to go to a good local restaurant, I’d recommend you have lunch at Pepito Bar where all the food is hand-made and, besides, if you order a snack, you will get a free pint.
I’d love to go to your restaurant in July, but I can’t because I’ll start to work in an important company as a receptionist and I’ll have to spend nine hours a day here.
I hope your new restaurant was a success.
Best wishes,
Pepita
i ! >.<
My name is Rosmery, but some people call me Ross , Mery , Rosme...
I'm a funny girl, i like music, dancing, cooking , singing , going to the movies, sleeping, eating and many other things too!
My stature (height) is 1,62 meters, and my weigh is 63 kg!.
I think i am fat, i should do exercises and eat more healthy!.
I think i am fat, i should do exercises and eat healthier!.
I'm study in the University of Arts of my country, I'm learning song lyrics!.
I'm studying at the University of Arts of my country, i'm studying Liric singing.
I have a two best friends, they are great girls!.
My family is very very big, although currently living in my house is, my dad, mom and my sister.
My family is very very big, although, in my house live only my dad, mom, and my sister.
This is a Summary of who i am!...
=)
it is a good night
is a good night
i am in the computer, my family is asleep beacuse is late at night!!...
i am on the computer, my family is asleep beacuse is late at night!!...
i am relaxed, I'm listening to music!...
i am relaxed, i'm listening to music!...
i like K-pop, it is music of Koreans!!
i like K-pop , is music from Korea!!
There music is funny
is a funny music!! Maybe "nice" would be better. XD!
xP
I am sad!
I am sad because my sister deleted the program for the keyboard I use to write in Korean!.
I am sad because my sister deleted the program for writing in Korean!.
TT.
TT So I cant practice Korean...
TT So I can't practice Korean...
I need to download the program!
I wanna practice!!!....
I wanna practice!!!.... It would be better if you say "want to".
Wind
The wind is blowing very hard.
While I'm finishing up my homework, I hear loud noises on the roof.
It looks like someone is moving things out there. 
Also the tops of the trees are rustling, and I hear whispers.
I'm scared.
I don't want more wind! Would sound more natural to say something like, I want the wind to stop!
YouTube Symphony Orchestra
Today, an orchestra consisting of people from the whole world has played at the Sydney Opera House.
Today, an orchestra, comprised of people from all over the world, played in the Sydney Opera House.
This orchestra was a project created by YouTube, which published an invitation to participate in a contest to be selected as one of the orchestra members.
As a project created by Youtube, an invitation was sent out to give the opportunity to be selected as one of the orchestra members.
Despite the concert being at 8 p.m. in Sydney, (which meant that in Mexico that it was 3 a.m.!), I watched the broadcast on YouTube's web-page.
Despite the concert being at 8 p.m. in Sydney (it means that in Mexico it was at 3 a.m.), I watched the broadcast on YouTube.
I think music is a beautiful performance, it's something essential, like a type of language.
I think music is like a beautiful performance. It's something essential like a type of language.
I'd never miss a show like this, even if I would not have any sleep at all.
This was one show I would definitely not have missed. Since it was at 3am, it didn't really allow me to get much sleep .
Fortunately, this time I've slept more, because today is Sunday.
Fortunately, I was able to get more sleep afterwards due to it being a Sunday.
Also, tomorrow is a holiday.
There are no activities in Mexico.
There are no activities in Mexico.
The most important thing though is, that I listened to the wonderful music of the Youtube Symphony Orchestra.
The most important thing is that I listened to the wonderful music of the Youtube Symphony Orchestra.
It's raining!
A long time ago in Mexico City, there was no rain.
However, today it arrived.
It isn't from the Pacific , it's a storm.
The light are failing, and the lightning flashes through the dark sky.
The thunder is rumbling, breaking through the silent night in the Federal District.
Despite it all, I love it, especially after the dry season in the capital.
My favorite books
I was reading the Harry Potter books recently. - It's more natural top put 'recently' at the end.
Well, I should say that I have read all the books around five times each.
However, this time I read them in Spanish.
I want to buy them in their original versions, the British ones.
Especially because some words are different in respect to the original.
For example, the Spanish word for Death Eaters is "Mortífagos", and the Spanish word for portkey is "traslador".
I don't know what the reasoning is behind translating it in that way, but that makes me think: If these two words are different, maybe there are a lot more!
Verbs "to get" and "to have"
I found a lot of problems when I was trying to use and translate these two verbs.
I thought that "to get" is like "to obtain", but I was reading texts in english and I saw that "to get" is used in other many ways.
I think the same about "to have", and I found the word "get" in a place I thought the word "have" was more appropriate.
Can anyone help me?
Do you know something about Cri-Cri?
If your answer is no, I would like to inform you that Cri-Cri was a Mexican composer of children's songs.
He died in 1990.
He left the Mexican people an inheritance, his songs are full of good lessons and advice.
His real name was Fracisco Gabilondo Soler, but he adopted the nickname "Cri-Cri, el grillito cantor (Cri-Cri, The Little Singing Cricket)".
Below I tried to write you the translation of a song:
The Witches Song
The black tower glows at midnight when the owl sings.
The witches fly on big broomsticks when the hands of the clock come together.
The bad children are dreaming visions, they did bad things yesterday.
And the dwarves spank them to make them behave.
The witches go in through the windows
Always they hide under the beds.
And with their crossed eyes they shoot sparks to burn the stupid children that don't want to study.
The sound of someone going up stairs can be heard in the loft.
Banging and laughter is heard.
They are the wicked witches engaged in searching for rude children and liars who are not studying.
But the good ones are sleeping with smiles on their faces in their little beds with beautiful dreams.
A little girl is dreaming that her teddy bear will marry with the new blonde dolly that her parents bought her.
The fairies and fireflies come, they sing songs like murmurs.
If you behave, at midnight you will hear them.
But beware , if you are bad, witches might come.
Excuse me if I've translated it wrong.
Help me please!
I have a lot of doubts about English.
Here they are.
Please, correct them, and if possible, explain them.
Yo te vendí al mercader
I sold you to the merchant
Yo te vendí mi casa
I sold you my house
I sold my house to you
I sold you my house
Yo lo vendí al mercader
I sold him to the merchant
Yo le vendí mi casa
I sold him my house
I sold my house to him
I sold my house to him
Ella me dijo que me quería
She told me that she loved me (I would say "told" here, but I can't explain why. It sounds more natural to me. It don't think it's technically wrong, but it sounds strange.)
She told me that she loved me.
She told me she loved me.
She told me she loved me.
Ella me contó su vida
She told me about her life.
She told me about her life.
She told her life story to me.
Concejo de la Ciudad
City Council
City Council
City Council
Would you like some money?
Would you like any money?
Do you need something?
Do you need anything?
I am going to do my homework tomorrow.
I am doing my homework tomorrow.
I will do my homework tomorrow.
I shall do my homework tomorrow.
Estoy muy cansado.
I am very tired.
I am so tired.
I'm too tired to go.
No necesito dinero.
I don't need any money.
I don't need money.
I don't need any money.
I don't need any money.
Royal Wedding
First, I want to say that I wasn't on Lang-8 for a long time because I was studying.
My last exams were a week ago, and now I can say I'm free for the next three months.
Anyway, the topic I want to comment on is the Royal Wedding.
I think that most people know what I'm talking about.
Since about a month ago, everything on TV is related to the word "Royal".
I know that it is an important event in the UK, maybe it's even important to Commonwealth of Nations, but I simply can't understand why it has caught the full attention of a lot of critics (good critics) and has thrown the country (my country) into total disorder.
I know that it is an important event in the UK, and maybe it's important to the Commonwealth of Nations, but I simply can't understand why it has caused a lot of criticism (good criticism) and has turned the country (my country) into total disorder.
We are Mexico, we're many miles away from England, we're a republic.
Here noble ranks do not exist.
But all the people stop doing their jobs to converse about the princess Kate's dress.
But everyone stops doing their jobs and starts talking about princess Kate's dress.
Perhaps I'm paranoid, but that's the way I feel.
Althought the wedding will be at 3:00 a.m. in Mexico, there are people willing to stay up late only because they want to watch the greatest event since the discovery of the Americas.
Although the wedding will be at 3:00 a.m. in Mexico, there are people who are going to stay up late only because they want to watch the greatest event since the discovery of the Americas.
But I say to myself: those are their lives, they can do with them whatever they want.
Ok, now, I feel better.
The bulletin board
Every day, The bulletin board is full of papers in which the people write some ads, ; one or two are so dumb.
For example, there is a bulletin like this:
"Has anyone found a green personal organizer?
It was left on the basketball court.
Please be kind and don't read it.
Turn it in at the office.
No questions will be asked.
I really need it"
Or like this:
"If you found my wallet, please return it.
You can take all my money, only I need my school identification"
Or worse:
"I ask reward for return my cell phone.
It's urgent.
I'm Roberto, group 505."
What does it mean?
Does it mean that Roberto wants money and his cell phone?
He's crazy.
But not all ads are stupid.
There are many informative ads posted by the administration.
Today
Today my English teacher told us about how to do a good summary, but I don't think that I understood anything.
I think that if I can't write a good summary in Spanish, my mother tongue, I won't be able to do a good summary in English either.
I wonder if it is a problem I have had since primary school, and it's probable that I will need to begin practicing.
Pita Discovers A New Word
Today, I tried to do a translation of a tale called "Pita descubre una palabra nueva".
I don't remember the author's name, I just remember that I read this tale when I was 8 years old.
I was in the primary.
It's a memory of my childhood.
Below I wrote the story's first part.
Soon, I'll write the second one.
PITA DISCOVERS A NEW WORD
One morning, Tomas and Anita came into the Pita's kitchen and they said to her good morning, but Pita didn't answer.
She just smiled  with dreamy expression.
"Excuse me for not responding your greeting; I'm thinking about the thing I discovered right now" Pita said.
"What have you discovered?"
"A new word!
A marvelous word!"
"What kind of word?" Tomas inquired with some distrust.
"A wonderful word.
One of the best I've heard in my life."
"Come on, say it to us, Pita" the children said.
"Palitroche!" Pita said triumphantly.
"Palitroche?
What's its meaning?
"I wish I know it!"
"If you don't know what it means, it is useless" Anita said.
"That worries me" Pita answered, bitting her right hand thumb.
"Who say what words mean?" Tomas asked.
"I think that some old masters did a meeting" Pita said."They invented some words and later they said: this word means it...
, but no one never thought a word as beautiful as palitroche.
What luck that I found it!
I bet you everything you want that I'll discover what it means!
Maybe it can be used with the noise we make when walking on the mud.
Let's listen to how it sounds: When Anita is walking on the mud a wonderful palitroche can be heard...
No, it doesn't sounds good.
That isn't it.
Maybe it's something which can be bought in stores.
Let's find out it!"
"And let's see if we can" Tomas added.
Pita went to seek her purse and filled it with coins.
"Palitroche sounds like a thing too expensive.
Probably this money is enough.
Once agreed, they three went out the house.
About earthquakes
Yesterday, there was an earthquake in southern Spain. Or, "in the south of Spain."
There were deaths, which is sad.
Recently earthquakes have caused damages worldwide.
Recently earthquakes have caused damage worldwide.
It all makes me think that the end of our age is near.
Mexico is a country located in a seismic zone.
The most devastating earthquake was in 1985 (8.1 Richter), with about 10,000 casualties.
The Government hid information because they didn't want people to realize the magnitude of the event.
The Government also did it because they were to blame for most of the deaths caused by the bad planning of buildings.
This year, I have witnessed three or four tremors- I can't rememeber how many, my head is full.
This year, I have lived through three or four tremors- I can't remember how many. My memory is fuzzy.
They were of high magnitude, between 5.5 and 7 in the Richter Scale.
They were of high magnitude, between 5.5 and 7 on the Richter Scale.
I am worried that there will probably be a big earthquake in Mexico which will destroy the city (Mexico City).
The city is built over a lake system, so the buildings won't be able to withstand the pressure.
The Sims 3
I've been playing The Sims 3, a life simulation game, in which you can make a sim and select its personality, clothes, hair, skin color and many other features.
I love the game because there are many things to do, such as get a job, look for friends, grow, learn abilities, go out and get to know the city, travel, get married...
and much more!
I think The Sims 3 is the best game ever created!
Degradation of Language
Today I want to talk about problems which exist in the Spanish language.
The first is misspelling.
It's common to find mistakes in words with b-v, j-g, ll-y and z-c-s; another common mistake is the omission of "u" in words such as guerra (misspelled gerra) or guitarra (misspelled gitarra).
The second and last problem I want to talk about is something that I have called "Degradation of language".
It consists in misspelling the words intentionally, omiting letters and doing a lot of changes which, in my opinion, destroy the language.
Here I have written some examples:
1st:
Carol:Neniz ia vez ni qizizt zalir qnmiwo d looo q t perdizt
Weno uiii no zabez 
Nancy: haii nna sorry pro otro diia vaa Nuzz VamOzz de
parthiii zii
Carol: No ia no xq erz re qotiz iprimero vaz a decir zi i luewo
no mehor no xq nc q
Nancy: x ziertoo Carol mee da peniiThaa decirlee a iia sabes 
qiien qe qee hagOo nna
Carol: jajajaja no no t de penita dileee.
2nd:
:O asu asu faaltann 2 mesess pa mii qumplee aa 12 dee maaiiO pa el 12 de juliiO oo loo buueno esq iiaa TngwO padriinoss paa las Gomiixeelass jajaa asu asu son biien buunisiimaa Ondaa jeje Belem Jacinto Calleja ii ell GordiithOopp......
Omar Cesar Mendoza Hernandez jaja iiaa listooss vaiian ahooraando ee xiiquueloss xD jaja zaaless
If you are learning Spanish, please try to understand the things I've pasted above.
Were you able to understand it?
Does a similar phenomenon occur in English?
If so, I should be worried.
Earthquake
Today I woke up to bad news: There was an earthquake in Japan.
Yeah, I know it is so sad, and it makes me remember an earthquake here in Mexico, 25 years ago.
It was a very destructive one, especially in Mexico City.
There were thousands of dead people, and the city became paralyzed.
It happened before I was born, but I know about it because in Mexico, every year on September 19th, it is remembered.
Many people here understand how devastating an earthquake can be, and for that reason, the Mexican people give our support to the Japanese.
I ask you to pray for Japan.
I hope that they'll be okay.
Translating the Spanish subjunctive 
I have problems when translating into English the sentences in Spanish which use verbs in subjunctive.
For example:
Me hubieras avisado antes.
Ojalá cantes mañana.
Los que dañaren las boletas serán castigados.
If there is someone who speaks both languages, I ask you for help, I won't progress if my doubts don't leave.
Six Flags
Six Flags is an American amusement park corporation.
It was founded in 1961 in Tarrant, Texas.
Its name was Six Flags Over Texas, because Texas has had six flags throughout its history.
Despite the fact that the corporation is American, there are three other parks located in Canada, Mexico, and the United Arab Emirates.
I live in Mexico City.
Here, it's Six Flags.
To the south of the city, there's a Six Flags.
My graduation from high school will be soon.
My high school graduation will be soon.
To celebrate, my friends and I will go to the park.
I've gone other times in the past, but now, there are new attractions, like the Dark Knight Coaster.
I've gone other times in the past, but now there are new rides, like "The Dark Knight Coaster".
Also, I want to watch the Magic Light Parade; I have never seen it.
I am planning all of the things I will do when I go there.
The park is far away from my house, but it doesn't matter.
All I want is to have fun!
Earth Hour
Today, Saturday, March 26th, the fifth annual celebration of Earth Hour will take place. 
Perhaps you're wondering, what is Earth Hour?
It's an event that has been celebrated since 2007.
That year, The Sydney Morning Herald and the World Wide Fund for Nature conceived the idea which was celebrated in Sydney as well as in some other Australian cities, followed by other cities around the world.
How is Earth Hour celebrated?
You just simply turn off the lights.
For one hour, try to not use light bulbs.
Now, you know what you have to do tonight.
At 8:30 p.m. , switch off the lights.
You only need to stand up and walk a few steps, move your finger (any finger you want) and press down on the switch.
Think about the planet, think about our home.
It's time to make a change.
Maybe tomorrow it will be too late.
Getting a genuine copy of Windows 7... for free?
Yesterday I found an article about MSDN Academic Alliance.
I was reading it, when I saw that this alliance provides all the Microsoft stuff for free, except Microsoft Office.
I thought it can't be real.
However, I decided to browse for more information.
I said to myself: "It must have an impossible to satisfy condition."
Then I found the condition: Be a student of a school which has adquired a licence with Microsoft, and be involved in a field related to information science.
"Well, I'm in that field.
Only I need to know if my school has a license."
Later, I accessed the web page of my school.
And, oh surprise!
There was a link to sign up to the program.
I did it, but immediately I received an e-mail: Please wait, we are processing your data.
You may not be eligible.
Today in the evening, I checked my mail, and I found cheerful news: I was accepted.
Finally I could get all the genuine programs, legally, and the most important thing: for free!
A decision
In about a month, I'll finish my high school education.
It's a good thing, and I'm very proud to say that I learned a lot of things in these three years of "Preparatoria".
Now I must select the career that I'll study.
I was looking for information, and I found three possible careers to study.
These three are Computer Engineering, Industrial Design and Mecatronics.
Which one would you recommend me?
Ciudad Juárez
Ciudad Juárez is a Mexican city situated on the Rio Grande river in the state of Chihuahua.
Once this city was strategically and commercially important.
Today, although it still is important in some aspects, it's the most insecure city in the world.
Formerly known as El Paso del Norte, Ciudad Juárez acquired its current name because Benito Juárez (Mexican president from 1858 to 1864) was staying in the city during the Second French Intervention.
Spaniards founded the city with the name of Misión de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe de Mansos del Paso del Río del Norte, currently part of El Paso, Texas and Ciudad Juárez.
When the Americans invaded Mexico in 1846, they forced the Mexicans to give them the lands north of the Rio Grande: Alta California (Upper California), Nuevo México (New Mexico), Texas and Arizona.
Then, El Paso del Norte was split into two parts, becoming a border town.
Due to this , Ciudad Juárez is an attractive city for illegal business and trade.
That's the reason that Ciudad Juárez is a violent place.
It's plagued with drug cartels and femicides.
I hope that one day the city becomes as secure and beautiful as before.
My story
I'm writing a story, and I want to share it with you (only a bit!)
The Anton Family lived at number 13, Iraq Street.
In the family was a housewife, called Rafaela Mendez de Anton; her husband and sir, called Antonio Anton; and their daughters, Antonieta and Gabriela.
They were happy, because Antonieta had finished her primary education.
They organized a feast for the whole family and some friends (hers and her parent's, even her sister's).
It was a great feast, because that day, July 9, was her fifteenth birthday too.
Maybe I could write more if my english was not so bad!
I am learning English!
Hello all.
This is my first entry in Lang-8
I am learning English because, I am a web developer and all my clients speak English.
I am from Colima, Mexico and my first language is Spanish, so I hope that I can help you to learn Spanish.
Have you ever been to Mexico?
well if your answer is NO!, I send you an invitation to come to Mexico so you can get to know this beatiful country.
HEY THERE!!!
HI
NOTHING SPECIAL
I JUST WANNA TELL YOU ABOUT MY COUNTRY,
AS YOU KNOW CHRISTMAS IS NEAR EVERYWHERE
AND MEXICO ISN´T THE EXCEPTION
THERE´S A WEIRD HOT AS HELL WEATHER
AND MANY XMAS TREES ARE SURROUNDING THE CITY,
COLORFUL LIGHTS, BUT THERE´S NO SNOW
THAT´S NOT COOL
HAHAHA (OBVIOUSLY)
ANYWAY
AT NIGHT I LOVE TO GO PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!
YEAH!!!!
DRINK PONCHE AND BREAK THOSE DAMN PIÑATAS HAHA
SO I CAN GET ALL THE CANDIES OUT
IT´S SO MUCH FUN!
BY THE WAY, IF YOU EVER COME TO MEXICO
DON´T FORGET TO ORDER YOUR TACOS
WITH THE EXTREMELY HOT WACAMOLE SAUCE!!!!
BEST WISHES
Hello
Hello everyone, my name is Fidel and I'm new here. I hope you can help me with my English and I'll help you with your Spanish.
Thanks
My  first post
Today, I had a very complicated day, I ate spaghetti.
Today I had a very complicated day. I ate spaghetti.
I'm a instructor.
I'm an instructor.
I like music.
I love to read.
I want to learn English, but I think that it is dificult.
Friday
well...
how can I begin?
I would like to go on vacation..
I'm so tired!
I miss my bed, I want to sleep.
But, I think that my job is really great, it doesn't matter if I only get a little sleep.
I want to go to the beach and swim, swim, swim.
That's all.
I wrote an ending for the short story The Woman in Shades
In class, the teacher asked us to write a continuation of the short story "The Woman in Shades".
I put a link where you can read the story.
This is my version:
"I´m your landlord!
Take off those fancy shades and pay me now!" The woman in shades froze on the spot; it was Mr.
Johnson's voice, she still hadn't payed him the rent.
Johnson's voice, she still hadn't paid him the rent.
"Oh, excuse me, Mr.
Johnson's pocket
I mistook you for..."
"For whom?
One of your fans?
No one cares about an old movie actress now..."
"Mr.
Johnson couldn´t finish his sentence -- from behind the shades came a pair of tears.
Johnson couldn´t finish his sentence-- from behind the shades fell two tears.
The woman took off her glasses and with a revived charm said to Mr.
Johnson:
"Mr.
Johnson, I'm very thankful for all your kindness to me all these years, and you are the only man in this city that still remembers me -- she put a hand on Mr.
"Johnson's shoulder and got near him -- women like me still need men like you..."
"Johnson's shoulder and moved closer to him-, women like me still need men like you..."
"Mr.
Johnson felt that some part of his male pride also was revitalized.
Johnson felt that some part of his male pride was also revitalized.
He slowly approached his face to his tenant's.
He slowly moved his face closer to his tenant's.
"...
to repair her bathroom!"
"Mr.
Johnson became frozen and the same time began to turn red.
He wanted to make an excuse for why the fixing didn't go well. He searched for an excuse to justify the failure of the previous reparations.
He wanted to come up with an excuse for why the repairs hadn't gone well. 
The old fashioned, but still lively garbo actress took some money from Mr.
The old-fashioned, but still alive Garbo actress take some money from Mr.
Johnson's pocket
"Thank you for lending me the money for the repairs."
"But..."
"Don´t worry, Mr.
Johnson's pocket
I feel that if some men still don't forget about me, I could make some money again, no only to pay my rent, but also to be able to lend you money when you need it ."
"Mr.
Johnson felt embarrassed and confused, and gave up on collecting money that night. As usual, that night he went to see the fancy old films that he claimed to hate.
Pets
In my opinion a pet is more work.
For example, If you have a dog, you need time for it: buy it food, play with it, take it for walks, etc.
I believe that a pet is more responsibility.
You don't think about your own happiness, You must also think about your pets' happiness.
Personally, more people say that if you have a pet, you aren't being ecological. But I think that question is only for people who bought exotic animals.
Hi everybody!
Hello, I'm Jose, and I want to improve my English...
But that's not all, I want to make friends and speak with everybody.
Always nice to write in this language, 
Jose.
San Francisco
Can you imagine a place with particular districts, a lot of museums, big green zones and where the tram is the major tourist attraction?
Then you are imagining San Francisco.
This is just a little of everything this great city has.
It is full of fantastic places and tourist attractions, but the most important thing is the society's mentality. The people are very open to receive with open arms anyone who wants to visit the city.
The last dinner.
Eating is a necessary part of our lives.
I think that if I knew I was going to die the next day, I would ask my mother to cook my favorite meal.
But, in the case of people who are sentenced to death, is it really necessary to provide them with a “last dinner"?
Should they choose from a normal menu or from a "dream menu”?
The reason people are sentenced to death is because of a bad action, such as killing somebody.
Many people wonder why such a person deserves a menu of whatever he wants, when he has murdered a person.
On the other side are the people who think that it is bad enough that they are receiving a death sentence, and, as a last wish, that should be able to choose a good menu before dying.
All of us would like to choose our last dinner.
Hooligans. Part 1
Hooligan is an anglicism that was used to refer a person who is football team’s fan and he has destructive and aggressive behaviour into the football stadium and its surrounding.
When the hooligans go to a football match, most of them drink alcohol and are drugged themselves.
This is a cause for their aggressive behaviour.
There are some movies where you can see the conduct and actions of hooligans.
For example “The Football Factory”or “Green Street Hooligans”.
The last case of hooliganism was occurred in Génova, two weeks ago, when a serbian’s hooligan group got to put off a match throwing flares to the field.
The match confronts Italia versus Serbia.
Today, I begin a new job.
My job is very simple, I try to write one entrance a day on this website
I have been studying English for 10 years and it is a language that I love.
Today, i'm going to write about today.
Today, has been a normal day.
In Madrid, it has been raining all the time and going outside was impossible.
In Madrid, it has been raining all day and going outside has been impossible.
For that, I stayed home, I watched a "Gran Torino" movie and then, I ordered pizza.
Tomorrow, I have a very important match, but it is my brother's birthday and I cannot go.
My Dream House.
The house of my dreams is always on my mind.
There is a small place in my mind for the house of my dreams.
That house is very big, with four flats and an elevator because I would get very tired walking upstairs every day.
That house is very big, with fourstories and an elevator because, with time, going up and down the stairs everyday becomes very tiring.
In the kitchen, there are two refrigerators, and they will be full of food.
On the top floor, there would be a big room that would be used for parties.
On the top floor, a big room would be used to host parties.
I would invite all my friends every friday.
The house would be watched by two dogs, which would be fed by a servant.
These are some details of my future home.
These are some features that I hope my future home will have.
Hooligans. Part 2
This behavior of a minimum part of football fans began in 70s, in the stadiums of England.
Since then, they have been object a lot of studies.
The ideology of hooligans is varied, but all of the hooligans of the same team have the same ideology.
The fights between different hooligans’ team are happened on matches called “derbis”, a match that face to face teams of the same city, like Chelsea-Arsenal or teams with a huge historical rivalry.
In some cases, these sorts of conflicts have been finished tragedy, like Heysel Stadium disaster occurred on 29 May 1985 in a Champions League Final that confronts Liverpool versus Juventus.
39 football fans died in the incident.
Hooligans
Hooligan is an anglicism that was used to refer a person who is football team’s fan and he has destructive and aggressive behaviour into the football stadium and its surrounding.
When the hooligans go to a football match, most of them drink alcohol and are drugged themselves.
This is a cause for their aggressive behaviour.
There are some movies where you can see the conduct and actions of hooligans.
For example “The Football Factory”or “Green Street Hooligans”.
The last case of hooliganism was occurred in Génova, two weeks ago, when a serbian’s hooligan group got to put off a match throwing flares to the field.
The match confronts Italia versus Serbia.
This behavior of a minimum part of football fans began in 70s, in the stadiums of England.
Since then, they have been object a lot of studies.
The ideology of hooligans is varied, but all of the hooligans of the same team have the same ideology.
The fights between different hooligans’ team are happened on matches called “derbis”, a match that face to face teams of the same city, like Chelsea-Arsenal or teams with a huge historical rivalry.
In some cases, these sorts of conflicts have been finished tragedy, like Heysel Stadium disaster occurred on 29 May 1985 in a Champions League Final that confronts Liverpool versus Juventus.
39 football fans died in the incident.
San Francisco
Can you imagine a place with particular districts, a lot of museums, big green zones and where the tramcar is the major tourist attraction?
Then you can’t be thinking of another place but San Francisco.
This is just a little of everything this great city has.
It is full of fantastic places and tourist attractions, but the most important thing is the society’s mentality.
They are open-minded people that would receive everyone who want to visit the city with open arms.
San Francisco is a big city that in it is included a lot of number of islands of the Bahia, attach great importance to Alcatraz.
Personally, I think that Alcatraz’s island is the most curious place of the city.
In this island you can visit the prison where he was Al Capone.
But what I liked most of the island were the amazing views of San Francisco’s coast.
Is one of the cities with more historic content of America, which the tramcar apart from being a tourist attraction, is an icon of the city.
I believe that is the best transport to move around the city.
Apart of this, the city is great tourist destination for much of things, for example, The Golden Gate, Lombard Street, Fisherman′s Bay…
If I were you, I would choose to travel San Francisco May month.
On May, you can see two of the days more important in San Francisco, Carnival, on late May, and Memorial Day, last Monday of May.
Carnival is a party day, which you can see floats, costumes and various events, all of them accompanied with good music.
Memorial Day is a United States federal holiday it commemorates U.
S.
men and women who died while in the military service.
Personally, I find Santa Cruz, one of the best places I have ever seen.
100 kilometers from San Francisco, we can find Santa Cruz, the last hippie bastion in California, where we can enjoy looking at the best surfers in the world.
Finally, San Francisco is a lively city, with open-minder people, disposed to open arms anyone who wants to visit it.
So, whatever you're looking for in a big city, great shops, tourist attractions, friendly people, San Francisco has them all.
I would not be the person who I am if I hand't enduced the trials in my life
I would not be the person who I am if I hand't enduced the trials in my life.
I consider that we have to make many mistakes in order to learn, improve and become better person.
I am not an exceptionally great person and I have been doing horribles things maybe on purpose but after all I can see that I can learn from that situations.
For example in the university, I tried to be one of the best student in my carrer, but one rule that you had to follow was you should have been a little selfish person, so if it was necessary for my classmates to lie me in order to fail in my subjects they did it, as a result I was forced to do the same thing, but later we learn to handle ours problems and if you ask me they become my closer friends now.
Another reason that I can support my opinion is that we do not feel sorry for bad things that happened to us because it helps us to improve in our behaviour and minded.
For example I just broke up with my boyfriend who We had had a relationship for seven years, now I realize that we wasted time to argue about unimportant things which doesn't matter, so the next time I will be more mature for taking decisions or solving problems.
about me
hello, my name is Tomas Alfredo.
I am 18 years old.
I am studying the career called applied linguistic.I am studying towards a career in applied linguistics.or: I am studying applied linguistics.
I like to go out with my friends to parties or to the cinema xD.
and also i like to the gym sometimes.
:D
and I love grammar.
:S!!
Description
I am an easy going person, like to go out a lot, go dance, partying, and visit different places, like to go hiking up to the mountains, and also like to go sailing in my boat.
lik outdoor sports like motocross and extreme sports,also like to go to the library often, and visit different countries.
Some times I like to do communitie service, like picking up garbage or doing some kind of work for my neighborhood.
Like to read books, and also like computers and studiyng a career.
I also like to cook and I am a good cooker, I guess so.
My life in two lines.
Hello!
In my opinion, my life is quiet and a little boring sometimes.
I have a lot of friends and I practice sports such as snowboarding, rafting, mountain biking and bodyboarding...
but sometimes I prefer to be alone in my room-- I love how peaceful it is!
I'm very happy with my life-- I have a good family, friends, a job and a girlfriend-- but I think I am missing something to complete all the circles of life.Traduce
Regards, mates!
One month in England. History of my holidays.
Hello.
Six months ago I booked a trip to England with an English course to improve my English.
I think that If I can speak in other languages I can find a good job more easily than if I only know how to speak Spanish.
So the last July I took a plane to London, and started my trip. :)
First day I met new people in the student's residence, a lot of people came from other nations such as Brazil, Korea, Turkey, Germany, France...
they were nice, funny and kind people.
My first week was a little hard because my English was really bad but our group knew it and I had no problem with it.
I lived in England for just one month and I think that just one month isn't enough for learn a lot but I'm sure that it had been the best experience of my life, I met new people, improved my English, discovered new citys like as Oxford, Manchester...
it was a really good experience.
A photo from the landscape next to my house.
Hello.
Well, I live in Spain, in a small borough of Barcelona.
My town is surrounded by mountains and nature. There are some rivers nearby where I raft and sometimes go fishing with my father. It's really peaceful.
I have a big garden with some trees, animals, and a fountain. It is a nice place to relax.
I prefer to study in the garden than in my study room.
However, there are also some negative points. For example, if you want to buy food or things like that, you must take a car because the shops are far away from my house.
Perhaps in winter is too cold for some people, but I really like the snow. haha
Well,  I would like to attach a photo from this landscape.
Second day in the music festival.
Hello!
Yesterday I promised I'll write about my experience in the music festival near to my town, so I'm here!
Yesterday we arrived to the festival at 22:00 and there were a lot of people!!
The organisation said that about 30.000 people, In my opinion it's really great!
Well, we entered to the festival place, we were able to listen the music, it was really loud, too much for me I think.
Pop-rock and Electronic music were the most important kinds of music yesterday.
On the other hand I met a lot of people from England and Swizerland!
Really good experience.
Tomorrow I would like talk about my experience today as the festival it's here for 4 days.
Bye!
Last day of the music festival.
Hello!
Well, today is the last day of the Festival!
During three days I went to enjoy with the music with my friends, in my opinion was really great but...
I'm really tired, usually I'm a quiet person but my friends convinced me for to go to the party so...
And, tomorrow, monday I'm going to start to study for improve seriouslly my english so from tomorrow you will see a lot of conversations I hope.
Bye!
My university degree. 
Hi everyone!
I would like to talk about my university studies.
In my family, my grandfather, my father and my elder sister have been bankers, I don't know why my grandfather chose studying over working in the field (growing fruit and vegetables) - maybe he was tired and preferred to study and improve his knowledge.
So four years ago I became an economics student at my university.
In my opinion, sometimes it's boring. I would like to explain this.
When, four years ago, I chose my degree I wanted to study psychology because I love to try and help people when they are moody, or sad, or mad.
I like listening to people so much.
But you know, my family recommended me chose an economics degree so that in the future I can find a job at a bank, like my grandpa, father and elder sister.
Nowadays I'm still studying and I hope to find a good job in my country or a foreign country, although to go abroad I would need to improve my English level so much.
Thank you for reading this, mates!
Hi mates!
Hello guys!
Well, yesterday I had one of the more special days in my life because I knew my new nephew!
He's so cute :) His name is Jhon, he is really tall!
Blonde and his hands are very small haha.
Well my cousin is really happy now because is his first son although I think he is a little nervous because to have a son is the most important step in our lifes but I think my cousin will be a good father.
We want celebrate the baptism on the beach!
In my town there is a place really beautifull for this events and I think is the best place for celebrate the born of my new nephew.
Well, I'm really happy for this!
Regards mates!
My plans for tomorrow: Birthday on the beach!
Hi mates :)
Tomorrow will be the birthday of one of my friends, his name is Carlos and tomorrow he will be 20 years old.
Tomorrow is the birthday of one of my friends. His name is Carlos and tomorrow he is going to turn 20.
All of our group of friends have prepared a surprise party on the beach, with music, we will make a bonfire, cook some marshmallows and talk about our holidays because some of our friends got back yesterday from their trip to Dublin.
Our entire group of friends have prepared a surprise party on the beach with music. We will build a bonfire, roast some marshmallows and talk about our holidays because some friends got back yesterday from a trip to Dublin.
I love this kind of party, on the beach, it's quieter than a disco or something like that but I want to prepare my university exams! "discotheque" is very old-fashioned, these days we say "disco".
I love these kinds of parties, on the beach, because it's more quiet than a dance club and places like that, but I want to prepare for my university exams!
I have to study more because in two weeks I have my first exam. OMG, it's too near!!
I need to study more because in two weeks I have the first exam-- OMG, it's so soon!!
But it's a birthday, so I have to go haha.
But it's a birthday, so I have to go, haha.
Cheerio, friends!
My friends
Hi everyone.
Today I would like to talk about  my friends.
I have two types of friends, post and pre college, hehe. I would like to explain this.
When I was a kid, I had a lot of friends and we played football and basketball everyday, but when we went off to college, some of them chose other countries so we lost touch... "lots of" or "a lot of"
Anyway, when I started my university degree, I met new people who were really interesting and now they are my best friends.
In fact, I met my current best friend at in college.
In my group of friends there are some guys from different countries-- Lebanon, Mexico, Korea, Germany-- which, in my opinion, is awesome because I love to learn about other cultures and religions.
In addition, go on trips every year to practice some sports, so I think we are a good group of friends.
See ya, mates!
The landscape from my window.
Hello!
Since I was a child I've liked nature; rivers, trees, snow, animals, plants...
and a few years ago my parents bought a house next to a mountain's hill.
In my opinion my home is really beautiful!
There are a lot of nice places to visit and take photos.
You can swim in the river, and fish too!
For example, yesterday we caught a salmon for dinner from the river next to my house.
But in my opinion this place is boring sometimes, I would like to live in the middle of a town because I like to see the people, traffic...
you know, more activity.
Regards mates!
Winter: My favourite season.
Hi friends!
Many people say that summer is the best season because there are some holidays and you can go on trips or go to the beach.
Many people tell me the best season is summer because there are holidays, and you can prepare trips or go to the beach.
But personally, one of the sports I practice is snowboarding and I need the cold and snow for snowboarding, so I really like winter!
But personally I practice some sports, including snowboarding and I need the cold and snow for it, therefore I like winter a lot!
I like the cold sensation of snow and when you are on a mountain's peak, the landscape, air, nature...
I like the cold sensation of the snow, and when you are on the mountain's peak, the landscape, the air, nature...
it's really peaceful.
Every year all my friends take some trips to go snowboarding and I have some funny anecdotes about our trips. For example, last year it was really cold and all the food that was in our bags froze!
Every year all of us friends book snowboarding trips and I have funny anecdotes about our trips, for example last year was really cold and all of the food in our bags froze!
Bread, meat, chips, water...
all frozen, it was really crazy haha.
So I prefer winter over summer :) 
So, I prefer winter to summer :) 
Yesterday I saw my first English movie (without subtitles)
Hi everyone!
I usually watch TV shows and movies in English, but I thought I also needed the English subtitles to be able to understand the plots. Sometimes, though, I think I'm only reading, not actually watching the movie or the TV series, so yesterday I saw my first English movie without subtitles.
I chose one of my favourite films, Antitrust.
I have seen this movie three or four times in Spanish and I know the plot very well, so I thought it would be a good way to improve my listening.
Antitrust is a thriller and I love it because the main characters are computer geeks and supporters of open-source software.
I recommend that movie to you if you like thrillers with a lot of action. In my opinion, that movie is great, and thanks to it, I've been improving my English!
Sometimes I feel better alone.
This entry is about me and my attitude/mentality.
I consider myself a friendly and kind guy, I have a lot of friends, and some are really close to me.
Usually we go together to pubs, discos and similar places.
I'm writing this because I'm not a lonely person!
But sometimes I prefer to be alone in my house, in my room, listening to music, English podcasts or just lying down with my eyes closed.
I don't know why I enjoy doing this, my family and friends don't understand neither and I agree with the people who say it is strange. All people want to be with other people for talking, dancing and other things but...
I don't know why I enjoy doing this, and my family and friends don't understand either. I agree with the people who tell me that it is strange, since everybody wants to be with other people for talking, dancing and other things but...
I don't know, maybe I'm quite a strange person.
Now you know more about me :)
Regards!
Music festival in my town!
Hello friends :)
Yesterday started in my town an important music festival and stay here during 4 days.
First day I went with all my group of friends and we hear music until 06:00am!
I think is too late for me because I like so much sleep, a lot of people say me that I'm a lazy person haha, I don't think so.
Well, today we're going to the festival again but first we will go to a Mexican restaurant for dinner, we love burritos, fajitas and this kind of food haha.
Ok, tomorrow I would like talk about my second day on the music festival so please stay here tomorrow!
Bye ;) 
I love technology! Or, "I like technology a lot!"
Hello!
I want to talk about one of my hobbies: technology!
I love electronic devices such as netbooks, laptops, smartphones, tablet pcs, digital cameras, network... I don't know what you mean by "network"
these kinds of things.
Yeah, maybe I'm a little nerdy, haha. A better word than nerdy would be "geeky"-- this describes someone who is really into technology, maybe even a little obsessed, and doesn't have a strong negative connotation. Many people proudly identify themselves as geeks.
When I was a kid, I was fascinated with taking apart toys and other devices, and my dad, for example, preferred to repair a video/TV/computer than to buy a new one and he preferred reading technology magazines to other magazines. I assumed you meant your dad.
But in my opinion, this hobby is really expensive!
If you want the latest smartphone/laptop or things like that...
you have to have a lot of money, haha.
My academic formation.
Hello reader :)
Nowadays I'm studying an economics degree at my university.
In my opinion, the economic is very interesting and for example, in my family, my grandfather, my father and my sisters had been working in a bank lifetime.
But I know that there are other studies very interestings too, for example I think that if I can speak english or others language is more easier to find a good job.
About my university.
Hi everyone.
Two weeks ago I chose my next degree, a degree in finance and investment .
And you ask yourself, why this degree?
I've obtained an economics degree, and nowadays in Spain it's really hard to find a good job in a bank or an important company, so I decided to continue my studies with a finance and investment degree.
My purpose is to find a job in another country, like the United Kingdom or the USA...
I don't know yet.
So, from now on every morning I'll go to university and every afternoon I'll go to an English academy, because nowadays speaking other languages is really important.
And that is my plan for this year.
See you mates!
The girl from Taiwan
Some time ago I met a very nice girl.
We became friends quickly.
We talked of many things.
One day we were talking about history, about the ancient cultures of our country.
She told me she liked it and that she had read about these when she lived in her country.
Your country?
I said.
Are you from another country?
I asked her.
Yes, I'm from Taiwan, she said.
I was surprised, I had never imagined that she was from another country.
We had met a few months ago and she had never mentioned it.
At first I did not believe her, because she spoke my language perfectly, even with the local accent where i live.
Then she told me she moved here when she was ten, but I still did not believe her until she started to speak in Chinese as proof that she was a foreigner.
After a while we stopped seeing each other but I still remember her.
Today I was thinking about her; I hope to see her again someday.
Strange dream
I had a strange dream last night.
I was in a square surrounded by old buildings.
It was nighttime.
There were a lot of people.
We were all sitting on the floor.
We were all sitting on the floor.
Suddenly, a strange object appeared in the sky.
It was flying over us.
Everybody looked up and saw it getting closer to us.
I remember it was doing pirouettes in the air when some people raised their arms and greeted it. This caused it to stop and to emit a funny sound as if it was surprised by the people's attitude.
After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images projected rapidly in the sky.
After the object was gone, we started to see a series of images projected rapidly in the sky.
It seemed to be the history of someone or some place, I thought.
It seems to be the history of someone or some place, I thought to myself.
Those pictures showed places and things, or beings (?), that I had never seen before.
The pictures showed places and things, or beings (?), that I had never seen before.
I was trying to understand what I was watching when a group of people dressed in brown robes came into the center of the square in an orderly line from a door to the right .
I was trying to understand what I was watching when a group of people dressed in brown robes entered into the square in an orderly line from a door located on the right side of the square towards the center.
When they appeared, everybody started clapping and cheering like maniacs.
Apparently, everyone was happy with the arrival of these beings, but I did not understand why.
Apparently, everyone was happy that these beings had arrived, but I did not understand why.
"Who are they?" I asked.
"Who are they?" I said.
They looked like the people who had been shown in one of the last images projected in the sky.
I stood up to see them better, and when I tried to approach one of them through the crowd I woke up.
I stood up to see them better, and when I tried to approach to one of them through the crowd I woke up.
What an absurd and frustrating dream.
What an absurd and frustrating dream.
Thank you for reading.
Tragedy on Football
Last saturday a 23 years old man died towards the end of the football game between the two most popular teams of my country that are considered the top rivalry in the national league.
Some fans of the team who won the game went into the VIP balconies causing trouble and attacked fans of the opposing team.
The attackers, who were armed with broken bottles and belts, threw a young man over the balcony down to the bleachers below where he died.
A day of shame and pain.
I love football, but if football kills, i prefer that football dies.
Hello!
Hi, my name is Damian.
I'm from Perú, a country in South America.
I studied english at high school, but the teaching was not very good, so i learned only basic things.*"very" sounds more natural*
Now, i'm learning english by myself because i want to speak it fluently someday.
English has become the language of global communication, so is very important to speak it.
My native language is not useful, so i hope to learn more and more english each time because it is essential for everything.
Thank you for reading and please correct what i write!
My blog and my websites
Hi!
I'm writing for a website or blog.
I am writing an entry about how I prefer the track.
I like to write.
I like to write, especially because more people can read my articles online.
Ilucion me them I see plus visits.
I hope to improve my English so I can write in this language.
Also, I have two blogs.
The first blog shows my graphic design projects.
And in the second blog I discuss my ideas about films, television series, et cetera...
I love creating.
I can not find inspiration
There are days that I cannot find inspiration.
I tried to create a news thinks but today, my brain isn't working.
Today I will have a text but I don't know when I will do.
Maybe I'm going to take a long walk.
I will think during the walk.
Maybe I can come back with some good idea.
See you.
I am looking for a new job
Hello people.
My life is changing.
Now I am looking for a new job in a new city.
I will need to work at home.
Because I don't know how long I will be in that new city.
If I can find a job, I can always move.
My prefer color
Hello people,
Today I didn't know how to say it this:
My favourite color is red.
Because it is funny and different.
Red can pretend to be dangerous and it's sexy.
The color red is chosen by people with self confidence.
My profession is Graphic Desiner
My profession is Graphic Desiner.
I worked for three years in an Advertising agency.
My job was designing advertisements, logos, stationery and other things.
I like my profession.
Actually I'm looking for a new job, but I do some projects for other companies.
I would like to have more projects.
An e-mail to Tom
Dear Tom,
How are you?
Someone who knows you gave me your e-mail several months ago, and I’ve been wondering since then if writing you would be a good idea.
In the end I’ve decided to do it.
I’ve always remembered the time we spent together.
Through the years I realized  that it was a very happy time.
I’ve had a calm life.
I lived in Pomona until I began to study at the University (I finally decided to study Medicine).
Then I moved to Washington and I met a boy who studied with me.
After graduation, we got married and started working in the same hospital.
We lived in a loft  in the city centre, and we bought a small house in the country where we spent the weekends.
We traveled a lot to exotic countries and we were happy.
Six years after we got married, my eldest son was born, followed two years later by our younger son.
During my chidren’s childhood I stopped working in the hospital and I became a homemaker.
It was a happy time.
Now my children have grown, and my husband died of a heart attack last year.
I decided to go to Congo and I’m working there as a volunteer. I’m enjoying it very much.
I’ve always followed your music, and I am moved when I listen to the song Martha.
I think it is  wonderful.
Very often, I’ve thought of how my life would have been if I had gone to L.A. with you… and your guitar!
I would like to keep in touch with you, and I hope you would also like to keep in touch with me.
Tell me something about your life.
Yours
Martha
(From the song Tom and Martha, Tom Waits)
introducing myself
Hi, this is my first time on this website.
I'm learning English and would appreciate your help by correction my online journal entries. 
A couple reasons I'm here is because I want to improve my grammar and enhance my vocabulary. 
Greetings!
What a wonderful... website
Wow, it is proven that this website works and I think it is amazing.
In the first 5 minutes some polite people helped me with my Japanese, and now I hope they do the same thing with this text in English.
It's funny because some times I don't understand Kanjis and Japanese phrases but English is easy to translate and learn the expressions by heart.
Ok, next week is my exam and I'd like some of you to help me ;)
Hello
My name is Darìo.
I am studying English for my job, and, of course, I like it.
My native language is Spanish. I can help you if you are studying Spanish, and you can help me with my English. I need a native English speaker.
Thanks.
Bye
Hello
Hi everybody my name is John i`m from Colombia and i want to learn a lot englis for travel around the world specially in places where  need speak english with differente people, i love english music, i`m student of modern languages, so i need that somebody corect my writing.
bye.
Harmony
The sounds are produced because of the vibrations as it passes through matter. Sounds can travel through gas, liquid or solid states.
When there is a vacuum, it's impossible to reproduce sounds.
This is called silence.
Sounds can superpose and can increase in volume when many of them are played by a similar source.
For example, seven pianos playing the RE tone at the same time will get a higher volume than only two playing the same tone.
The sounds are classified according to a natural scale and are constant for upper or lower positions:
Do - Re - Mi - Fa - So - La - Ti - Do - Re - Mi - Fa - So - La - Ti - Do
*Note: This scale can go further up or further down, depending upon the musical instrument or the sound source.
Let´s take, for example, the central "DO".
We can see there also other two "Do's", What about them?
Between tones there are "intervals" that determines tonal distances.
This is because of the number of vibrations in a second, also named Frequency.
The universal LA is established as 440 Hz.
This is 440 vibrations in 2.27 miliseconds.
When going up or down we reach the same tone of departure: we've obtained an Octave.
For example, going from Do to Do, or Mi to Mi.
Its symbol is "8va".
This is one of many notable intervals.
There are also others as follows:
1.
In the natural scale, if we go from one tone to the third, this is called simply "third" or 3rd: Not sure what you mean here by 'take'?
(1st) Do - (2nd) Re - (3rd) Mi
Do - Do# - Re - Re# - Mi  = 4 half tones = 2 tones
Now, in chromatic scale, we can analyze that there are two tones from Do to Mi.
This is a MAJOR 3RD.
2.
Once again, in the natural scale, let's go from Mi to So. If that's what you meant?
We're going to see what happens now.
(1st) Mi - (2nd) Fa - (3rd) So
But wait; according to the chromatic scale there is a half tone from Mi to Fa, altering the interval.
Mi - Fa - Fa# - So   = 3 half tones = 1 and half tones
So, is it still a 3rd interval?
The answer is YES.
But, instead of being a major 3rd, this is called MINOR 3RD.
3.
Let's join these intervals in different ways to experiment a little.
a) By playing Major 3rd + Minor 3rd.
From the example, taking DO - MI and MI - So, this is equal to DO - MI - SO.
b) By playing Minor 3rd + Major 3rd.
Taking MI - SO and SO - SI, this is equal to MI - SO - SI.
Now, play these tones on your piano.
It sounds good, right?
When you pick a major 3rd and then a minor 3rd we obtain a Major CHORD.
This is called Do major because it begins in Do as a base tone.
What is a chord?
It´s an arrangement of tones.
For example, So - Si - Re builds So major.
You musn´t get worried about obtaining the others, there exists a sheet explaining all the major and minor chords.
;)
There also a nomenclature for those chords.
This is based on the letters of the alphabet and begins with La major.
A = La major                    Am = La minor
B = Si major                    Bm = Si minor
C = Do major                    Cm = Do minor
D = Re major                    Dm = Re minor
E = Mi major                    Em = Mi minor
F = Fa major                    Fm = Fa minor
G = So major                    Gm = So minor
Those can be played all along the piano and you'll notice that they'll sound somewhat similar.
This is because of the 8va's properties.
Activities:
I.
Play all the chords with both hands on the piano (you can also practice with your musical keyboard or with your computer keyboard).
Try to alternate your finger position and find a comfortable position for your hands, they must be relaxed while you're playing.
About music...
Hi!, My name is Antonio.
I'm going to explain along this journal, the basics topics for understand the music and how to performance good songs.
First, the music is a couple of sounds and silence.
The sounds are produced 'cause vibrations in matter, then its movement creates acoustic waves.
These can be transmitted by gas, liquid or solid state of matter and can be heard by human.
Silence is the absense of sound.
The sounds' characteristics are chime, volume and tone.
Chime is a recognizable, because it makes you can differ one musical instrument from other.
For example: The guitar' sound and the piano' sound.
No one instrument is better than other, all they are different.
Even in people you know, you can recognize your mom´s voice from your dad's voice because this feature.
Volume is the acoustic wave's intensity.
The more near you're from the sound' source, the most strong you'll hear it.
Finally, Tone is the feature that do possible the making of many songs.
Exist 7 tones in the Natural Scale: Do, Re, Mi, Fa, So, La and Ti.
Also, there is the Chromatic Scale where between two tones, we can find a middle one.
For example: Between Do and Re, there is a middle tone.
This can be named Do#.
Between Mi and Fa, and Ti and Do there are not middle tones.
The complete Chromatic Scale is this:
Do - Do# - Re - Re# - Mi - Fa - Fa# - So - So# - La - La# - Ti
In this Scale, every tone is considered as half - tones.
FIRST CHAPTER'S QUESTIONS:
What's the best musical instrument in the world?
Do you think the noise has chime, volume and tone?
How many tones has the Natural Scale?
How many half - tones has the Chromatic Scale?
What's your favorite musical instrument?
Do you know the music can transmitte feelings, ideas and thoughts?
PRACTICE THIS!
In a musical keyboard, touch the white keys.
This notes are the Natural Scale.
After doing this, touch a white key and then then touch the next black key.
When you include in your song the white and the black ones, you're playing in the Chromatic Scale.
How to begin a real rock band. (Part 1)
We can express feelings and emotions in many ways. One of them is music.
Music is culture.
Usually when we play on our own, it's to improve performance.
The next step is to play alongside with others friends and make music.
music.
First of all, if you want to start a rock band, you must like this style of music.
The greatest rock musicians like The Beatles, AC/DC, The Who and so on, are classic rock music fundamentals.
The most basic rock band has three musicians: a guitarist, a bassist and a drummer.
So, you'll need musical instruments to begin.
There are a lot of instruments (a huge universe), and my recommendation is to try them in the music store until you find one you like because the sound and also the instrument itself.
Adjust your instrument to obtain the best performance of it (there are many tutorials on the web).
Remember: To obtain the best possible sound is your goal.
Electric guitar and electric bass will need sound amplification (combo amp or a stack with head).
Also, try to find stompboxes pedals or a multieffects pedalboard.
If you want to sound like a modern rock band, such as Kings of Leon, The Killers, Wolfmother, Strokes and so on, you will need a synthesizer or an installed program in your computer to reproduce 24-bit sounds in real time.
Part 1 Most useful tip: Listen to the music you want to play and feel it as if you were playing those songs with your friends in a big scenario.
First try
Hay guys, I'm currently studying in Canada.
yes I'm college student.
I gotta have to take IELTS to apply for the grad school.
(I know it's ridiculous.
Why do I have to take it again?)
I'm going to upload my essay basd on IETLS like writing.
Unfortunately, I can't put picture or graph, so it would be kind of hard to figure out what I'm writing about, but it's not a big deal.
I just want you to point out gramatical mistakes and suggestion about sentence, phrase,logic and what so ever.
Any kind of help is appreciated =D yay thank you !
1
The graph shows the annual amount of the wheat exports from 1985 to 1990 in two countries and one region.
Wheat export in Australia has been declining for three years straight from 1986 to 1989, though there was a slight rise from 1985 to 1986.
It remained mostly in the same from 1989 to 1990.
As a whole, wheat export in Australia decreased from 15 million tons to 11 million tons.
On the other hand, European community experienced constant rise with exception from 1985 to 1986.
In this period, the amount dropped approximately 3 tons from 17tons to 14 tons.
Following two years, there was no remarkable rise.
But from 1988 to 1990, European community had tremendous rise from 15 tons to 21 tons.
Finally, Canada experienced unpredictable up and down in this period.
First of all, there was a small down from 1985 to 1986.
Following two years, Canada encountered very big rise from 17 tons to 25 tons which was followed by the biggest drastic decline of 11 tons.
However, after this extreme decrease, Canada showed amazing resilience.
The amount of wheat export increased from 14 tons to 19 tons.
Sports
In these days, it's always hard to find time to play sports.
Everybody is busy with work, family or...
watching tv.
Playing sports alone is not the same. You can do jogging or swimming but is always more boring than play team sports.
Lately I have been going biking with friends on Sundays.
It's really nice when we start early in the morning and eat lunch in the country.
In my country, we have good temperatures all the year practically.
hola mundo como estan todos
espero que todo esten muy bien estoy recien comenzando con esto al inscribirme en esta pagina web espero que me ayuden gracias
Improve my english
Good day,  I'm Sheyla Viary, and I from Colombia, I want to learn  to speak and write well english, but I'm insecure.
For now I'm a chemistry teacher and I'm married, my husband is in Barcelona (Spain), in SEptember I'm going to go to Barcelona.
THE NIGHT
It now is night. Today has not been a good day, but i was with my girl and my parents eating in a good restaurant.
Tomorrow will be another day, and I would like that tomorrow will be a good day.
Thanks.
hello
Hello, I am tdesesk. I am from Spain and I am learning English to speak with my friends and to understand people when I go to other countries.
My big problem is that I don't understand when other people speak English.
I think that I learn slowly.
What do you think?
Short
I'm also learning (trying) Japanese.
It's a beautiful language, its writing is simply amazing.
I already know some colors like blue (aoi), brown (chaiiro), green (midori), orange (orenjiru), black (kuroi) and white (shiroi).
It has been fun so far and I'm very excited learning this mysterious and hard language.
Bye (Sayounara).
simple thoughts on a Sunday
Today is a sunny day here in Medellin, Colombia.
Generally Sunday is a very peaceful day, because most of the people are resting in their homes after seven days of hard and honest work.
There aren't a lot of cars on the streets either.
That is cool, I hate traffic sounds.
I wonder if Sunday comes from the words, "sunny" and "day."
How are the Sundays in other countries?
I don't know what to put here
It's 8 o'clock and I have no idea, not even a clue, about what kind of entry this will be.
Maybe I should talk about my country, hmm... maybe later.
I wonder how many mistakes I've made at this point ?
mmm that translator below is very cool, very handy.
Moving on, 8 minutes have passed (20:08) and I only have 3 lines, I guess I'm not very good making contentless entries (contentless: without content, am I right?).
Well...
my brain is empty right now, good bye and good night.
I see that there are a lot of Japanese people here, so good morning to them.
Bye.
I just finished my eight-line entry (I see 8 from here), yay!.
Short
I'm also learning (at least trying to learn) Japanese.
It's a beautiful language; its writing is simply amazing.
I already know some colors like blue (aoi), brown (chaiiro), green (midori), orange (orenjiru), black (kuroi) and white (shiroi).
It has been fun so far and I'm very excited learning this mysterious and hard language.
Bye (Sayounara).
Hi everyone
Hi, I'm Jason and I'm new here.
I would like to learn how to write English good and to make some good friends.
Thanks.
To be an Engineer
Being and Engineer involves both theory and practice.
You can't be a true Engineer if you do things in practice but you don't know why you do this or that.
So, it's important to have a good knowledge of theory to be able to sustain and enhance your practice.
In the same way you can't be a true Engineer if you just stay only with the theory and do nothing practical with it.
It's important to do something practical  with all that knowledge to help the community and to test that theory in the real world.
A true Engineer must balance his efforts both in theory and in practice.
He must be able to absorb and synthetise the theory and to be efficient in the practice of sorting all obstacles that are implicit in it.
This was , more or less, what my computer science teacher said in my last class.
quick
When life gives you 1000 reasons to cry, give it 1001 reasons to smile.
The music I like
Music is a combination of sounds and silence in such a way so that you can express your feelings in every musical note you're creating or listening.
There are several types of music, or ''music genres'' to be more accurate.
The genres I like most are Rock, Classical, Folk and some Metal.
Currently I'm listening to a British group called Muse. They're a rock band that sounds amazing.
On the other hand, it's sad nowadays to see artificial groups:
groups or singers that don't have any talent and are in music just for the money.
I hope that someday we can see the music for what it is and not as a business.
Bye.
How I Met Your Mother
Hi everyone!
I want to talk you about HIMYM.
This TV serie is really great, it's funny and it'll keep you amused with a lot of jokes and appealing plots.
If you haven't heard about it, you're missing the great Barney Stinson.
Barney is always trying to make out with pretty girls, he loves wear a suit,he is unique.
I've just watched the second episode of the 6th season and I can say is a one of my favourite episodes.
You can't miss it, trust me.
Greets.
Basketball
Hello everyone!.
This is my first time at Lang-8.
I didn't know what subject to talk about, so I'm going to tell you about my girl's basketball team.
I'm the coach, and we are looking forward to starting this season.
I've been with them for 4 years. They are 13-14 years old, and now we are facing our toughest challenge so far.
We are entering Group A in our region, and that is a big leap.
We've always played in Group B, which is made up of less skilled teams.
I hope to achieve great results.
Regards.
HI, I'm new!
Hello!
, how are you guys?
Watching Movies
Today I was watching a movie with some friends, and it was really good.
The movie was called "Inception," and it was very interesting. I recommend it.
I love watching movies. My favorite genres are comedy, horror and sci-fi.
More comedy, I can't say that I have a favorite movie because I love a lot of movies and I just can't decide, but between my favorite movies in the comedy category
my favorites are Hot Fuzz, Shaun of the Dead, Super Bad, Kung Pow and Zoolander.
Those movies always make me laugh.
Hello
Hi, I'm a native Spanish speaker.
I've been studying English for a long time,
but I need to learn more.
I'm also learning Japanese now.
I wanna learn about other cultures.
Feel free to add me.
bye :)
My name is carlos and I'm looking for help to improve my English :D!
Hi I would like to introduce myself. My full name is Carlos Betancourt. I've been studying English for about a year and a half and I finished the course where I was studying, but everyday I'm trying to learn more by myself by watching tv series and movies spoken in English!
I came here to ask you, my friends, for help. Does someone know which pages are good to practice?
and i'd like free pages!
on internet hehe :p anyway if someone wants to help me i will be very grateful !
or maybe you would like to add me on skype!
or facebook and we can practice..!
hehe my skype (melon11cb) my facebook(bebeto_9413@hotmail.
com) i'll be waiting for you friends !:D
job
I'm so tired of my job, is very stressful and i don't like it so much, im working as a administrative logistic in a multinational company, my duties are like enter orders diary costumer service, follow arrange of suppliers and costumers..
clothes
i´d really love go shopping i think it´s so fun!
however chose the best clothes for every situation it´s not always easy.
i´m not the kind of girl who spends hours in front of the cupboard, i usually dress informal.
i like to wear jeans, tops and shirts with prints or lace tops witn normal shoes or boots.
Also i usually wear a black trouser which is very graceful and fits with almost everythig.
When i go out to a party for example i usually wear dress and in printemps i wear a trench.
i rather prefer trench to coat i believe it´s more trendy 
today it´s a beautiful sunny day i put my new sunglases and a floral dress
fashion is in our lives but it musn´t controled it
Hello
Hello
My name is Raquel. I live in Spain and I would like people to help me with my English level because I failed my exam in language school and I have a second chance in September.
If I pass I will have b1 level, so I´ll do my best.
In addition, I´m studying speech therapy. I've wanted to be a doctor since I was a child so I hope to become one one day, but for the moment I'm studying this because the marks required to enter medicine were too high.
and that´s all for today
please correct me 
thanks so much 
I like
I want tell somebody that i have glasses
Just Hi!!
Hi.
My name is Tatiana and gonna tell you my life.
I born is colombia, I 29 years old, and I have two daughters, I study modern languages and I will specialized in international bussines.
How to beat the Germans?
That's it!
Eureka!
I've got it.
This scheme cannot go wrong--
We just have to mimic the Greeks in this allegedly best soccer match of all time,
Maybe we lack such brilliant minds as this Archimedes fellow on this video, but we are in no shortage of two-bit philosophers in Spain--I'm a good example of one, ha ha--so maybe our chances aren't that thin after all.
Sorry for another silly entry.
I'm still parsing your language to go on with your impersonations, my dear friends at lang-8.
It's taking a little longer than expected, that's all.
What with all this footie craze going around in the world--"footie" maybe is British English, Floury.
Mr.
Giardino in particular: please give me more entries.
As soon as I have you parsed, you're gonna be game for my language-parsing game--I hope that didn't suck too much as an attempt to play with words?
Here's to wishing the best to our lads and celebrate Monty Python.
And if we are beaten by the mighty Germans, please be there to bring consolation to my heart!
See you all.
correct it is, but is it from this world?
Hi.
I've always had this problem with English that's actually common to any language I think.
It has to do with expressions like:
"if I were you" instead of "if I was you"
"what have you got" instead of "what do you have"
and so on.
I think you get the picture.
These two sentences are the first that come to mind, but actually are a good sample of the general question I'm talking about.
If I come up with more examples I'll be posting them here.
Sometimes I'm not sure whether it's because the expression I'm using is British as opposed to American, or maybe Australian and so on.
I remember talking to a French who was learning Spanish years ago and poking fun at her (mind you, very nicely) for using "too correct" Spanish grammar.
It's kind of funny because she sounded *nothing* like a Spaniard based on her grammar; it was just too perfect!!!
Thanks everyone in advance.
Joigus
I want Manolo Lama off my TV!!!
About a month ago a couple of Spanish sports journalists made this video:
In it they chose a random victim--a homeless person--for their cruelty that, upon further inspection, is not all that random.
The occasion was the final game of the Europa League between Atlético de Madrid and Fulham FC.
After a wave of protest in Spain they dashed off a televised apology note of sorts:
Here's the gist of the apologetic message--in Spanish:
"Yo educo a mis hijos en la solidaridad, pido disculpas a quien se haya sentido mal y les mando un beso."
"I raise my children with solidarity in mind, I apologize to anyone whom I may have offended and I send them a kiss."
Manolo Lama
(wiping off your dirty kiss, Manolo)
Can you really act with zero respect for a human being and then expect everybody to forget about it with such a lame excuse?
How could they get away with this?
Because:
1) The victim does not belong to any recognizable minority that is specifically protected by the media these days--gay, black, woman, children--In other words: the victim is a middle-aged Caucasian male.
2) The victim is German--he deserves all the shit you can give him, right?
Conclusion: the victim is the perfect target for just about anything these "socially acceptable" torture dispensers of the 21st Century will fancy to do to him.
There are certain limits, of course.
We wouldn't want blood to be spilled, would we?
It would stain the orderly pavement of our day and age's democratic Europe.
Because the guy is German and white, he is an easy target.
This man didn't do anything wrong.
He was just at the wrong place at the wrong time.
In my opinion, we all should take issue with this kind of behavior; *especially* if you're black, or a woman, or gay, or Hispanic, or for whatever the reason you feel you have or could have been treated unjustly on account of your belonging to any group.
These days it's precisely *some* Caucasian males who apparently, deprived of their play-toy of old times, have chosen a new target for their contempt: less-fortunate fellow Caucasian males.
When "they" will decide that being black, or a woman, or Hispanic, or anything else is no longer "cool" and that you can be made the victim of their cruelty as well is anybody's guess.
They publicly apologized.
I don't know who will fall for that.
Not me.
In my opinion there are about two square qualities no human being can fake:
a) Intelligence.
An intelligent person can pretend to be a fool, but not the other way around.
b) Indifference to others' suffering.
I want Manolo Lama off my TV!!!
My diary. Entry two
Hi.
I've noticed the verb "transpire" is tricky for a Spaniard.
Sounds like a false friend, and I think I'm better off with real friends if you know what I mean.
;)
First:
"I'll stay here and if anything unexpected should transpire, you do what you gotta do," says Rocco.
Second:
"The covering must allow the plant to transpire for photosynthesis to be effective," says Sheldon.
I remain in perspiration waiting for this transpiration to give way to some inspiration.
:)
If you take my meaning--reloaded
Language is complicated not because of its structure, which after all is just a code, like C++, Thai or Spanish, but because of the fact that the people using it are not machines, but something infinitely more complex: social biological machines.
I think it goes more or less like this:
They assume you *mean* something whenever you *say* something and they respond accordingly.
What you say is just a piece of input for the other person to think about and then say something else; *that* is what makes language complicated, the social animal behind the language!
Through these cycles of "listen, think and say," we all miss the "listen" part every now and then; other times we miss the "think" part too, and answer only with messages we capture from the social environment.
Judiciously coordinating the thinking and the listening is no small task.
Nobody misses the say.
Oh boy, we all want to have a say, don't we?
The Greeks used the term "paradoxa" to mean something that is outside the realm of what you can understand with the intellectual tools you have at hand.
Whenever language is involved, I'm always reminded of the two-generals paradox: Two generals are camped near a city they are poised to attack the next morning, with their armies and all.
In order to synchronize their efforts, one of them sends a messenger so the other general will know the precise time that the attack is meant to be deployed.
But mind you, it is essential that success or failure of this informative mission is confirmed by the message's recipient.
You see what the problem is: an unending loop of messages and counter-messages is generated, and the whole thing is never ascertained, because: did the other one get my message?
Old Europeans
He he, here's a nice one.
A man from England is an Englishman
A man from France is a Frenchman
A man from Ireland is an Irishman
A man from Scotland is a Scotsman
How come a man from Spain is a Spaniard and a man from Portugal is a Portuguese?
Shouldn't they be a Spanishman and a Portugueseman?
Something to do with our manhood?
:))
Please, don't think I'm a "silly-man."
It's kind of a riddle and kind of a question about history.
I really don't know the answer.
I'm posting it here in case someone happens to know and/or is interested to look it up.
Cheers!
My diary. Entry--sorry I lost count
Hi.
We lost--by "we" meaning the mighty "Furia Roja."We lost --by "we" I mean the...or "We lost--"we" meaning the...
I'm thinking; who or what is to blame?
Options:
The ball.
The pitch. What is the pitch? I associate this term with baseball-- OH... just looked it up. Realized that it´s a British term for what we Americans would call the FIELD. Never mind about that!
The referee.
The humidity of the South African air.
I'll be keeping an eye on the Spanish media these days to see if I can figure it out.
If any of you wants to contribute your best guess, it's also welcome. *Or, "If anyone wants to contribute their..."
If any of you want to contribute your best guess, it's also welcome.
If any of you want to contribute your best guess, you're welcome to.
See you guys!
:)
What's the Deal with the Native Nods?
Hi.
I swear to God I didn't make a secret deal with Rsalc1 to native nod each other!
If I desperately wanted native nods I would probably do this:
1) Create several bogus profiles on Lang-8.
2) Log on as them.
3) Native nod the hell out of Joigus.
Nod him here, nod him there.
4) Enjoy the perks of a highly-nodded profile with my native-nod credit card from a Bermudian native-nod bank account.
That's not what's happening, unfortunately!
Ha ha.
That was the silly part of this entry.
Now for the serious part:
I do think native nods do something for the original poster.
An entry poster can quickly scan how many native nods a particular correction has, so they're able to get a rough estimate of how much or how little recognized the expression is by the rest of the "native" correctors.
Why the quote marks around "native"?
Well, you know, as you all know, I'm an Inuit too.
;)
Sorry, I couldn't end my entry seriously!
My correction is--wonderful!?
Hi.
I'm just dashing off a few lines with a reflection on what appears to be a brand new feature on lang-8.
Recently my mail box has been jingling with incoming messages patting me on the back for what was--so it seems--a wonderful correction!!
That got me thinking: can a correction be wonderful?
The way I see it the result of a correction can only be as wonderful as the original post was, but that's probably just because the post was already wonderful.
So that would make it simply "efficient."
Maybe this is just pointless rambling, but I figure a correction can be precise, pointed, erudite, or just plain "good;" but wonderful?
Isn't that a little bit too much? Ok, but "Isn't that a bit much?" is much more natural
Just as the merits of a correction are--one would think--low-key, so are its possible flaws: "irrelevant," "dull," "obscure" or "erudite" too!
The worst it can get is probably "petty."
But where are my manners?
Thank you lang-8 for making me feel a little bit more wonderful today!
:)
The Man Who Invented the Electric Fan
It's searing hot in Madrid and the other day on Facebook a friend of mine declared herself a devoted admirer of "whoever invented the electric fan." Her words were something like, "The hand fan is all very well but I adore whoever invented the electric fan!"
Well,
As couldn't be otherwise of course, this prompted the urge for a quick Wikipedia incursion by yours truly and here is the result:
<wikipedia quote>
Schuyler Skaats Wheeler (May 17, 1860 – April 20, 1923) was an American engineer who invented the two-blade electric fan in 1882 at age 22.
[1]  He was awarded the John Scott Medal of The Franklin Institute in 1904.
Wheeler was born in Massachusetts.
His two-bladed electric fan was produced by the Crocker and Curtis Electric Motor Company.
He died of angina pectoris at his home in Manhattan.
[2]
</wikipedia quote>
I think it's very unfair that this eminent man doesn't have a more complete Wikipedia entry.
Makes you think doesn't it?, that a man's life can be summarized simply by specifying when and where he was born and when and where he died, with the addition only of a cursory medical report.
Not fair.
How come he ended up in Manhattan?
Did he ever marry?
Did he keep a diary, as most of us do on Lang-8? 
I wonder: was he a Catholic or a Protestant?
I bet he was a Protestant.
Did he ever write love letters?
Then my imagination goes a step further.
He died of angina pectoris.
Maybe he came from a really exhausting tennis match, all sweaty, and entered his laboratory where his assistants were testing several models evolved from his prime invention: the two-blade fan.
Those were none other than the three-blade fan and the new and revolutionary four-blade fan, all at full speed in order to conduct a performance test.
No doubt they were too much to take for his aging, feeble heart.
My diary. Entry one
I'm thinking of wearing a hat.
How about that?
People will listen to anybody, even if they're fat
If only they're bold--or bald--enough to wear a hat!
Never mind if they're just a brat
We all talk and talk and talk rat-a-tat-tat
A hat's a hat, my friends, and that's that!
Not too much Time for so Many Persons
Hi again.
When I was young, I was taught that there was no thing as "too much time," there was only "too long."
It's not at all natural for me to say "there was no thing as...". I would say "there was no such thing as...".
You were not supposed to say,
"Don't be too much time in there."
Instead you were supposed to say, I wouldn't say "but" here, it sounds unnatural and negative
"Don't be too long in there."
There was also one person, but there never were two persons, three persons and so on.
There were three, four, five or so many people.
Now there seem to be less and less "people," there just seems to be a lot of "persons."
I missed some of the things that were around when I was young.
I miss some of the things that were around when I was young.
Others I certainly don't.
But what I'm always hungry for is knowledge.
Are the words "long" and "people" changing in this particular function?
It seems like they're going to disappear, as I don't hear them very often anymore.
To all the nice English-speakers on Lang-8, please help me with this.
I hope it doesn't take you too long; it would be nice to get an answer from at least a couple of people.
犬VS猫
猫と犬が好きですよ。
でも、猫は犬よりきれいだ。または「でも、猫は犬より嫌いだ。」でしょうか？もしくは「犬の方が好き。」でしょうか？
そうではありませんか
An Autobiography
I was born in the early 80's, in an industrial city in the province of Ciudad Real, Spain.
I don't have many memories about when i went into the kinder garden, only that I went there 2 years
Then I went to the primary school where i made some friends, specially where I met my best friend, in that time we really hate each other, we don't be close until the secondary school.
Fortunately or unfortunately..
when we finished the primary school and move to the higschool, the goverment decided to change the Educational System, the level in the classes was so high and i had many problems with my marks.
I must recognize in that time i was really bad student.
Since i was child i showed much more skills in artistic activities, specially drawing and painting.
I decided studied Fine Arts.
I moved to another city for study.
I lived  in Cuenca for 7 years, the best years of my life i guess..
Some summers when i went back to my hometown since I was 18 year old I worked in a part time job to financing my studies.
Two years ago I finished my Fine Arts degree, then i did a Master for teachers.
I'm kinda interested to teach, one of the reason that help me to become much more interested was..
the period of practises when I work as teacher, was really cool experience.
Last summer I went in an academy in Ireland studying languages with an English Grant, was my first time abroad and one of the best experiences in my life.
Currenly I'm keep studying English in a school of languages and i'm preparing my teacher examination in an academy.
I'd like to work as teacher of art in Highchool.
I hope to be a nice teacher in the future.
Hi from Bolivia
Hello.
I am a student from Potosi, Bolivia.
I am studying mining engineering and I want to learn English, please somebody help me because here (in my city) it is very difficult find somebody to practice with.
My vacation
I started my summer vacation last Tuesday after my final presentation.
I have been cleaning, cooking,reading, resting,and watching Asian dramas.
It has been good.
Now, one of the happy occasions I have been waiting for is almost here.
I will graduate on Saturday and some relatives will come visit.
I am looking forward to seeing my sister and my cousin.
Also, an uncle will be here and he said he is taking my sister and me to Florida for a couple of days.
The last time I was at the beach was during Thanksgiving break, so I am excited.
Even though my sister is kind of annoying sometimes, we have a great relationship so I know we will have a lot of fun.
It is so nice to see my family.
However, later on I will be able to go to my country, Colombia, for a month.
Then, I will be able to see my mother and grandmother.
Just thinking about it makes me extremely happy.
Hi everyone. It has been a long time.
My trip to Colombia is almost over.
I am going to stay one more day in my hometown and then I will go back to the capital city.
I have gone out a couple of days, but I have being staying with my mother and grandmother most of the time.
Today something interesting happened.
My mom has a lot of little birds.
She constantly checks on them to feed them and change their water.
While doing one of her feedings, she saw a baby bird facing down into the water container.
While doing one of her feedings, she saw a baby bird face down in the water container.
The bird had almost drowned before she took it out.
The bird had almost drowned, so she took it out.
She deliberated about squeezing his stomach, putting him under a pot and hitting it, and other ways to save him.
I was scared about what I heard and took the baby bird with a towel.
Next, I looked on the internet for solutions and one said I should put the bird up side down and move him from an upper position to a lower position.
Then, I looked up on the internet for solutions and one said I should put the bird upside down and move him from an upper position to a lower position.
I also read about massaging his back and stomach as well.
I tried these things but there was no water coming out.
I stayed with the bird, warming him and expecting him to die.
An hour passed and the bird was still alive.
I kept warming him with my hands and after a long time we tried to put him in his cage again.
The baby bird then pooped on my face and bit my finger so hard that it was difficult to take him away.
I was happy that the baby bird had recovered and that he was willing to fight.
The last few weeks
Everything is going great at school, but it has been a difficult time for me.
My health has been giving me problems, and I am not used to that .
I've been feeling sick for more than a month.
First, I thought it was a cold.
The cold lasted for a while, so I got worried and went to the doctor.
I found out that I had allergies.
During my spring break, I got a sinus infection.
I was back at school this week, but the antibiotics I was taking were interfering with everything I did.
Now I feel bad again.
I'd better get used to the idea of spending my last two weeks of the semester being sick.
Still, I am happy that my graduation is very soon.
Still, I am very happy that my graduation is so soon.
I just need an extra effort for these upcoming weeks.
I will do my best :)
Prática
Eu preciso aprender o pasado dos verbos.
Ontem, eu trabalhei o dia inteiro no restaurante.
Ontem, nós fomos para o cinema.
Ontem, a Claudia comeu bobó de camarão.
A gente saiu á noite.
Eu joguei futebol ontem á tarde.
Graduation day
It was a very nice graduation celebration.
Our keynote speaker was Jimmy Carter, and I got "Summa cum laude".
That was cool.
The wait was long, but when the ceremony started things got better.
When we were dismissed I had to find my relatives because I was in a different location.
It was a nightmare to find each other even though we used all the technology we had at hand (cell phones and GPSs).
There were so many people in that place that it was insane.
Anyway, it is over and I am officially a teacher.
Back to School
It's time to go back to school.
I've really enjoyed these relaxing days.
Next week, I'll be back to school and this will be my last week teaching my fifth graders.
I'm preparing a cultural activity where I'm going to teach them how Hispanic families name their children.
I hope they don't get confused with the double names and last names, and the order they follow.
After next week, it will be final's week and then I will be on Christmas break.
It seems a little silly to have a break two weeks before Christmas break but I enjoyed it anyways.
New Year's Eve Withouth My Family
I have spent 3 New Year's Eves without my family.
It has been OK because I was able to see them once.
However, it has been a year and a half or maybe 2 years since I saw them and I am starting to miss them a lot.
I will not go to a New Year's party here and I will stay online so I can talk online to my mother and sister.
Thanks to Skype, I can see their faces and not feel too bad.
Ways to Improve my Knowledge of Spanish Linguistics 
I am a native speaker of Spanish.
Spanish linguistics is a  very interesting field to me.
When I was learning English as a second language at the National University of Colombia, I took many linguistics classes.
My university philosophy stated that in order to learn a second language you needed to know your mother tongue very well.
So I took the following classes: Spanish for different purposes (I and II), Grammar, Linguistics (I and II), Psycholinguistics, Sociolinguistics and Text linguistics.
After that I did not see my mother tongue the same way anymore and I started to think in metalinguistic terms.
Also, learning a second language helped me improve  my vocabulary in my native language because of the similar words and become more familiar with conjugations.
I  love reading and I prefer to read in Spanish.
I also like to teach Spanish as a hobby so I belong to a language exchange website named Lang8.
There are people who are learning a second language like Spanish write journals and native speakers of that language correct those journals in exchange for corrections for their journals.
I spend considerable time correcting those journals and having discussions with other native speakers of Spanish about our corrections.
When we make corrections we explain grammar rules and give options to say things in different Spanish accents.
This type of mentorship triggers many language questions and encourages me to do research in order to support my native speaker instinct.
I also took a translation class in Georgia State where I learnt a lot about English and Spanish.
I also spend time volunteering at a subbing website.
There I help translate into Spanish Asian TV shows that have been translated into English.
Finally, I have international friends and I talk to them through Skype which helps me find differences in accents and have language discussions.
Ways to Improve my Spanish 
The main way through which I improve in my native language, Spanish, is by reading.
I love reading and I would rather read in Spanish than in English.
At the moment, I am reading "La casa de los espritus" by Isabel Allende and next I will be reading "Rayuela" by Julio Cortazar.
Reading is the best way for me to improve my vocabulary.
I try to read a variety of genres and periods and when I find an unfamiliar word I look it up in a dictionary.
I love the fact that one will always find new words in one's native language.
I also like playing word games online such as crossword puzzles and words generators.
I particularly like those because they keep me sharp, alert and full of good words.
It may be that because I live in the U.
S.
now I may forget vocabulary that I do not use often.
Therefore, playing this games can be helpful.
The best way I can improve my Spanish is by visiting my country.
I try to visit my family and friends in Colombia as often as possible.
when I am in the United States I keep in contact with relatives and friends through social networks such as Facebook.
I also use Skype to talk to my family and friends to keep in contact.
Another way to keep in contact with the culture is by reading magazines like "Caras" and newspapers like "el tiempo" y "el espectador".
I also enjoy listening to the radio which I do via the internet.
I tune to "La mega" and "Los Caurente principales" two of the most important radio stations in Bogota.
I also watch the Hispanic programs in North American channels such as "Univision" and "Telemundo" where I can hear different accents and analyze the different ways Hispanic people speak.
New Job
Today it was my first day at the middle school; I'll be teaching sixth grade.
For now, we are in our planning weeks.
I'm just getting to know the other staff members.
They call me a "baby teacher" and I kind of like it.
It seems like I'll be very busy when school starts.
I'm very excited with this new job.
I hope to keep improving so I can be a great teacher!
Farmers Market
Today I was bored so I went to an International Farmer's Market.
There were so many crazy things there.
The meat section was so big but many of the meat options were not interesting such as goat and lamb.
There was also a bis sea food section but the line to buy something was so long that I could not purchase anything.
I ended up buying cake.
Conferences (2)
I also went to the Atlanta Public Schools’ (APS) Pre-Service Teacher Orientation on February 17th, 2011.
This orientation was a new program to accustom pre-service teachers to the culture of this school district.
This orientation was a new program to acclimate pre-service teachers to the culture of this school district.
There I received information from various departments such as Human Resources, Office of Internal Resolutions, APS Mentors and Class Keys/ Behavior Management.
During the behavior management talk, I learned about the classroom Analysis of State Standers (CLASS).
I also received important information about the classroom environment.
Overall, these conferences were very constructive for me.
I am looking forward to being present at the 2011 annual FLAG conference.
I hope I can continue attending such events in order to become a better teacher for my students.
Wow
It has been a week since I've been teaching at this elementary school for my student teaching, and I already like my kids.
They are just the cutest little fellows.
They pick up Spanish so quickly and their accents are so good.
It is difficult to keep them quiet and on task, but I enjoy spending time with them.
Before, I was sure I wanted to be a high school Spanish teacher, but now I am starting to have some doubts.
Younger students are really fun to work with.
I have to do a lot of singing and gesturing that is out of character for me. 
However, it makes me happy that they like the silly things I do.
Unexpected Mini-Vacation
I really wanted to start my student teaching last Monday, but I happily accepted this unexpected mini-vacation.
I have been having a great time.
I just confirmed that my Elementary School will be closed on Friday as well.
It has been a whole week off, and Monday is a holiday.
So I will start school on Tuesday.
This is crazy!
ummh
I've created a skype account.
I hope I can find people who are willing to chat with me.
So far I do not have any friend in my skype contact list.
I hope that changes.
=P
Innovative programs
I have created and implemented innovative options in my classroom by differentiated instruction.
For this, I usually plan my classes thinking of the main ideas that all students should be able to learn.
However, the more detailed information that accelerated students may need depends on each individual.
My lessons are planned around learning styles and multiple levels of intelligence.
Therefore, I plan a variety of activities such as games, music, dance, TPR, journals, pictures, puzzles, drawing, role playing, storytelling, individual work, small or big groups, etc.
Another innovative way is the use of up-to-date technology.
I constantly use PowerPoint, video and music.
I find different internet services very educational.
For example, students can demonstrate understanding of a variety of topics through online games, activities and simulations.
They can improve their reading or listening skills by using fun websites such as Voki, which allows students to create avatars and use text-to-speech functions.
We can also access a variety of authentic material from newsgroups, blogs, websites, etc.
Besides, technology facilitates the speaking assessment of students by using video or audio .
Nothing to say
I do not have anything to say today.
If I wanted to talk about yesterday and today I would have to say that I stayed home and I watched Asian dramas all day.
I think from now on, I will translate text and see how bad my grammar gets.
I have heard sometimes that I should use contractions in my journals because they are supposed to be informal writings.
I can do it but I am trying to get experience in more formal writing.
I think I can express myself fine in an informal setting.
That is why I want to try to translate texts because if I keep talking about myself I am not challenging my writing skills too much.
The hottest men
I do not like Brat Pitt or Tom Cruise.
I do not think that Johnny Deep is that attractive.
I would not pay attention to George Clooney.
I think that the hottest men are Jiro Wang (A.
K.
A.
Dadong), Aaron Yan, Jang Geun Suk, and Lee Hong Ki.
If you know them good, if not you should look them up and give me your opinion =)
My Birthday
My Birthday was on Wednesday.
I did not do anything different.
I used it as an excuse to teach my students the happy birthday song in Spanish.
Some of them were very sweet and made cards for me or asked about what I did the next day when we met.
Some of them said they were sorry when I told them I did not have any cake and I spent it alone.
I told them that it was OK because I spent the day with them.
These weeks 
The past few weeks have been very eventful.
I graduated recently, and some of my relatives visited me that weekend.
My sister stayed for a week and we toured around Atlanta.
We went to places I have not been to before, even though I live here in Atlanta.
I also tried to disassemble my old couch but I hurt my hand.
I went to the doctors' and I'm fine now.
At the moment I am looking for a job and spending a lot of time online.
I have to wait only one month before my trip to Colombia.
I am looking forward to that.
Going back home
I'm coming back to reality.
My holidays are over and I'll travel tomorrow morning to Georgia.
I miss my cats.
It's been more than two weeks since I last saw them.
A friend is taking care of them.
I can't wait to see their lovely faces :P
Exams
I will have my exams tomorrow.
I have a lot of studying to do today.
I will have a Portuguese exam, which I believe will be easy.
I will also have an exam on Mexican Literature for which I will write a paper at home and then take a written part at school.
The one for which I have to study the most is my Translation exam.
I will be asked about false cognates lists, fixed expressions, sayings, Spanish grammar, translation techniques and finally I will have to translate a paragraph.
I think I will be able to take them all in one day.
Wish me luck.
Para fomentar
How would you translate into Spanish?
Las mujeres se espera que sean más protectoras que los hombres.
De las mujeres se espera que sean más...
protectoras?
que los hombres.
Los hombres se espera que sean más mecánicamente mente que las mujeres.
De los "hombres sí Espera Que sean Mejores ...
construyendo cosas?
que las mujeres.
No More Video Chatting for a While
I love my cats and that is something I have said many times here.
However, I can not deny that they are a couple of rascals.
One of my hobbies is talking to foreigners online.
I love Skype and videoconferencing is my favorite feature.
I have not been online recently because I have been busy.
However, I guess I will not video chat for a while now because of another reason.
Yesterday I found my webcam on a chair.
My cats chewed the cable and it does not work anymore.
So sad...
The worst part is that I can not get mad at them because they do not know what they did.
MSN has changed
I usually use MSN to talk to my relatives in Colombia.
I have Skype and MSN.
However, after the last update for MSN, I can not have video conferences anymore.
I can only send video messages.
I find it very lame because it is weird to film a 30 second message. This language is correct, but 'lame' sounds a little too informal here. You could use instead 'strange' or 'unnatural'.
My point is that I have to be checking for messages all the time, and also unilateral "communication" via video is really uncomfortable.
I think I will have to ask my mom to get Skype instead.
Random thoughts
Today I took my cats to the veterinarian.
It was quite an adventure because the carrier I was using for one of them was made of cardboard and it broke.
Anyway, when the veterinarian was checking my cats I noticed something that happens often.
She said that my orange cat was very handsome and then she said that my calico cat had very soft hair.
Basically, she said that she liked one but not the other.
So that reminded me of the comments people made when I was a little girl.
My sister was very pretty when she was a little girl.
When people saw us they would say "Oh!
Andrea is so pretty and Laura...
has grown a lot." I guess I will accept that because I was not a very pretty little girl.
Anyway, I am happy I have changed (a little bit) for the better :) 
Dear Thanksgiving break,
Please do not go by too fast.
I have many things to do.
Please let me rest.
I am very tired.
On the other hand, please go by fast so Christmas break comes soon.
I want to be done with this semester.
Please let me be active.
I need to get many things done.
Sunday
It's Sunday and I feel like being on vacation but I'm not.
I'll have three final exams on Thursday.
I'll relax today and I'll study during the week.
It feels very nice to have three days to study for my finals.
This is how finals week should be - "kind of" relaxed.
It Started with a Kiss
I'm watching a Taiwanese drama called "It started with a kiss." I am only watching because my favorite actor/singer appears in this show.
His name is Jiro Wang (A.
K.
A.
DaDong).
I do not like the plot of this show that much.
It is interesting in some parts.
The main problem is that Jiro is not the main character so he does not appear that often.
I still have 10 more episodes to watch.
I hope I can see more of Jiro's acting skills.
I'm back
I arrived in Atlanta last night and I had many things left to do before beginning my Student Teaching semester.
I'm very happy because I did all that today.
I felt great because everything was quick and easy.
Now, I can enjoy the last three days of my vacation.
Then, I will have to give my best in this last semester so I can become a certified Spanish teacher from Kindergarten to 12th grade.
I'm going to be busy and I might not check Lang-8 very often.
free time
I have a lot of free time these days.
I have been visiting this website as often as my facebook.
I have been correcting entries in Spanish but there are less entries in Spanish that in English so when there are no journals in Spanish I correct diaries in English even though I still have plenty of mistakes in English.
I just want to help people that posts something and waits days to get feedback.
I think that my feedback is better than nothing.
Fossilization 
Fossilization in language term that refers to "the often-observed loss of progress in the acquisition of a second language, following a period where learning occurred." This is a stage than many of us experienced after achieving certain language level.
The more advanced you get, the harder it is to see improvements in you language skills.
Then, you may lose motivation which is an important aspect of learning.
You also make specific mistakes often and it is very difficult to correct them.
I have learned this term before and I can perfectly identify with it.
I have to write 8 page journals every Friday for a class.
My teacher knows that English is my second language but she still wants my papers to be perfect.
I am already doing my best but she keeps asking me to be more careful with my mistakes.
For example, I do not know how to tell her that sometimes I write "this" instead of "these" because when I speak I do not make a difference in pronunciation, therefore; this is reflected in my writing.
I do not know how to make her understand that it is a "fossilized" error.
I understand her request for perfect grammar but I am giving my best already...
Sharing a song
I just heard this song and it reminded me how much I like it.
I love "La 5ta estación".
The vocalist is amazing.
Enjoy!
Here are the lyrics (If you want to sing along) and a poor translation I did:
Tu peor error
Hace tiempo que comento con la almohada, 
Que tal vez soy para ti sólo una carga.
Hace tiempo que ya no me creo nada
Y he notado tu sonrisa algo cansada.
(For a long while now, I've been discussing with the pillow,
That I may be just a burden for you.
For a long while now, I no longer believe anything
And I have noticed your smile a little tired.)
Con los días se amontonan los momentos,
Que perdimos por tratar de ser sinceros,
Y aunque no me creas creo que aún te creo,
Y aunque no me quieras creo que aún te quiero.
(The moments pile up with the days
that we lost by trying to be honest,
And even though you do not believe me, I still believe you,
And even though you do not love me I still love you.)
Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,
De no saber, si sí o si no,
¡Voy esquivando tus miradas!,
Yo, que he sido tu peor error,
Me quedo con la sensación,
De no tener las cosas claras.
(And I,(am) lost in the confusion
of not knowing if "yes or no",
I am avoiding your eyes!,
I, who have been your worst mistake
I am left with the feeling
of things not being clear.)
He tocado con la punta de los dedos
Ese cielo que prometes con tus besos.
Como un niño me creí todos tus cuentos,
Y aunque tú me entiendas yo ya no te entiendo.
(I have touch with the tip of my fingers
the heaven that you promise with your kisses
I believed all your stories like a child
and even though you understand me, I do not understand you anymore.
Sólo quedan los recuerdos de ese invierno,
Que pasamos enterrando sentimientos.
Y aunque no me creas creo que aún te creo,
Y aunque no me quieras creo que aún te quiero.
(Only the memories from that winter are left/There are only memories of that winter,
We spent burying feelings.
And even though you do not believe me, I still believe you,
And even though you do not love me I still love you.)
Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,
De no saber,si sí o si no,
Voy esquivando tus miradas,
Yo, que he sido tu peor error,
Me quedo con la sensación,
De no tener las cosas claras.
No he sido yo, lo amargo de tu voz,
La mala entre nosotros dos,
Y no pasa nada, si apago la luz,
si busco y no estas tú,
Si el tiempo no nos dijo adiós,
Y todo se acaba, yo.
(It was not me, the bitterness of your voice
The bad one between us.
And nothing happens, if I turn off the light,
if I look around and you are not there,
If time did not say goodbye
And it is all over, I.)
Y yo, perdida entre la confusión,
De no saber,si sì o si no,
Voy esquivando tus miradas,
Yo, que he sido tu peor error,
Me quedo con la sensación,
De no tener las cosas claras.
Tomorrow is a big day
Tomorrow morning, I will present my portfolio.
In that folder I have all my work from the semester. Unless you're talking about a future semester.
I just finished my last paper and I feel so accomplished.
I have my presentation ready and I cannot wait for it to be 11 am tomorrow so I can say that I am done with school (well if my professor does not ask me to correct something). I am so happy this day is finally around the corner :)
Translations
Hi, please check one of my translations.
Thanks ;)
Tonight
I dressed up and put on some make-up because I was going to go out tonight.
However, there was a change of plans and I ended up staying at home.
What a waste =(
Spring Break
I finally had a week off and I am so happy about that.
However, last time I said that working with children was testing my immune system.
I recently went to the doctor and she told me that I actually have allergies.
In Atlanta, the pollen counts are very high right now.
I am being affected by that.
In the past years, I did not have any adverse reactions but this time it is very bad.
I already cleaned everything I could think of.
Now, I am going to rest for the remainder of the week.
I really need to be healthier for the last couple of weeks I have to teach.
I just need to work hard a little bit more until I can have a well-deserved vacation in Colombia :)
(I just wanted to share with you guys.
I hope the complaining does not get old for some of you.
Thanks for reading and correcting :)
Feliz Navidad.
Merry Christmas.
Feliz Navidad.
Feliz Natal.
Conferences
During the weekend of March 12-13, 2010, I had a great experience when I attended the 2010 annual conference “Discovering the Power of Language” given by the Foreign Language Association of Georgia (FLAG).
There were two talks that I enjoyed very much.
First, I was inspired by the talk given by Greg Sanchez, “The Joy of Writing and Singing your own Songs!
No Experience Necessary!”.
There, I learned that many popular songs use simple musical structures, which I can use to make my own songs.
For example, I can create a different version of the song “La bamba”.
Mr.
Sanchez gave us a PowerPoint presentation with a tool that can play important guitar notes.
We can use these important notes to play a song.
During this talk we created lyrics for some popular songs and it was very entertaining.
Second, I was impressed with the activities presented by Cynthia Alby and others, “Teaching Vocabulary to Tactile and Kinesthetic Learners”.
They explained that many students in our classrooms are tactile/kinesthetic learners, but most vocabulary instructions and review are geared toward visual or auditory learners.
During their talk, we experienced hands-on vocabulary activities.
I remember very vividly how we wrote short words on our partner's back using our fingers while our partner had to guess what word it was.
The purpose of the activity was to practice the spelling of new vocabulary words.
I thought it was a very interesting approach for teaching vocabulary.
Wishing
Right now, my only wish is to have a job before I go to Colombia.
I have submitted a lot of applications but I have not been called for the first formal interview yet.
I have submitted a lot of applications, but I have not been called for any formal interviews yet.
I have received a couple of e-mails telling me that some positions have already been filled.
I am still positive, but the wait is not very pleasant.
Today I am not going to do anything special.
The pool in my building was opened recently, so I may go for a swim.
Asian dramas
I have been on vacation for a while.
I tried to find a job but it did not work out.
So, I stay at home by myself.
I have been watching a lot of Asian dramas and I find them pretty amusing.
I would like to start learning an Asian language.
For example, I wish I could learn Korean.
We'll see.
As for now, I think I will start posting more often since I do not have much to do.
I think I want to use Skype with people I know from this page.
That could be fun.
Never satisfied
I have been on a break for over a month.
It has been great not having an schedule to follow and deciding what to do based on my mood.
However, I had a couple of things that I really wanted to do and I have neglected so far.
I will finish my comments by reflecting on how we can never be satisfied.
When I am busy, I think things would be so much better if we could have a break.
When I finally have one, I feel like there is something missing.
Soon I will be home and I look forward to having a great time with the people I love the most.
I hate cooking
I usually hate cooking.
It's stressful to have to wait for so long for something to be done.
I get distracted easily therefore I burn a lot of what I cook.
However, when I am in a good mood, I sometimes feel like cooking.
This last month I have been tortured by an insatiable craving of Cuban rice.
I looked for recipes and tried many.
They all were unsuccessful until today.
I am so satisfied after eating my delicious Cuban rice with some "carne a la plancha".
Yummy!
I might keep on experimenting in the kitchen - maybe I'll start liking it. Like the other day, a dash here indicates a pause in your speech, as a break between the two statements.
Second Snow Day!
I had a nice Snow Day today.
I stayed at home warm and cozy.
Later on, I walked to the store.
I found a slope with some ice, so I tried to slide.
I was a failure.
What you see in the pictures is: My first attempt: I was scared of running and then falling on my face.
So I did this part very slowly and just laid on the ice and did not move.
My second attempt: I did run a little bit, then threw my body against the ice.
I fell on my knees and I slid a little.
The final picture is the result: a little bit of movement and a couple of sore knees.
Tomorrow is going to be another snow day.
As I previously said, Atlanta does not have many resources to keep the roads clear.
Their strategy is to wait until the snow melts.
Tonight is going to be cold so we will have icy roads.
I will have a "Ice" Day and schools are still closed so my vacation gets even longer.
My First Weeks Teaching
I have been very busy lately.
However, I have been enjoying every single moment.
I love teaching, I love my students, and I love my school.
Our very first day of school was quite an extraordinary day.
We had talked about having a fire drill that Wednesday.
However, the alarms suddenly rang and we had to evacuate the building.
We all talked about how unexpected that drill was.
I made my class bring their things with them even though they were not supposed to.
We waited for thirty minutes standing up and we did not get the signal to go back into the building.
We also saw two helicopters from the local news station, and that was when we realized it was not a drill.
No one knew what was going on.
Our students kept asking us questions and we could only tell them that we were waiting for instructions.
After an hour and thirty minutes, we were allowed to enter the building.
After an hour and a half, we were allowed to enter the building.
Our principal explained that there was a mysterious package in the 8th grade hallway.
The package was analyzed and it had/consisted of some ink cartridges with wires in them.
After that, our schedule had to be fixed so we could see all our students for at least 10 minutes so they could meet their teachers.
After that, the rest of the days seemed so calm and organized!
Also, I am glad this became only an interesting story to tell about my first day of teaching :)
Achieving a Goal
In order to ensure that my team’s or school's goals are met, I usually take the role of a leader.
However, I prefer to be a leader supporter.
When something is accomplished, most of the recognition is given to the leader of a project.
However, a leader without a strong support and effective partners would not be able to accomplish anything.
Also, I work on having clear goals and strategies to reach that goal, and I emphasize having constant progress checks.
I try to keep in touch and use effective communication skills to ensure that everyone is aiming for the same goal.
Chopsticks 
I just ate an instant cup noodle from Korea.
I have watched a lot of Asian television and there are always people eating Ramen with chopsticks.
This was my first time trying to eat one of these cup noodles with chopsticks and a spoon.
It was quite an experience.
I did not think it was going to be that hard.
Still I drank the soup and I enjoyed it very much. =)
Hello,
I was really exited when I found this web page.
I think it is a great idea to receive help with your writing in exchange for helping others.
I am from Colombia and my first language is Spanish.
I learned English at the University because I wanted to become an English teacher in my country.
However, I came to live in the U.
S.
and I decided to become a Spanish teacher instead.
I have been living in the States for 2 years now.
I go to the University and my listening, speaking, reading and writing have remarkably improved.
However, I still have many mistakes that I want to work on.
That is why I really need help form native speakers.
I have a lot of problems using the right prepositions and I use strange combinations of words, which reveals that I am not a native speaker.
I also learn new vocabulary constantly but I sometimes do not know how to use those words.
I am looking forward to the feedback.
Thank you,
Just one month
I picked up my cap and gown today.
It reminded me that graduation is just weeks away.
I started my college journey in Colombia.
I studied English in the National University of Colombia for three years.
I was 18 years old when I started my freshman semester.
I was 18 when I started.
It was such a great experience.
The National University's environment is very unique.
However, due to many delays and strikes I once thought it would take me forever to graduate.
I came across the opportunity of continuing my studies in the United States so I did not finish that major and moved to the US. Or 'I came up with the idea of'
I came across the opportunity to continue my studies in the United States, so I stopped with that major and moved to the US.
I was able to transfer some credits.
However, I had to take many different subjects to fulfill a residency requirement in my new university.
I am glad to have had the opportunity to be in college for so many years. 
I am glad that I have had the opportunity to be in college for so many years. I think that both options sound fine.
I have learnt a lot and at the same time I have realized that I still need to learn so much.
I have learned a lot and at the same time I realize that there's still so much to learn.
Anyway, after six years I am finally about to graduate from college.
That is a chapter I need to close.
I cannot wait- even though I know that my secondary education does not end there.
Working with kids is testing my immune system 
This is my 9th week working with kids and I think they are a lot of fun.
However, not everything is good.
I am "suffering" from being constantly exposed to young kids.
I am usually very healthy, but now I have had a couple of colds in less than a month.
Right now, my throat and neck hurt.
I will go to the doctor soon because working with kids is testing my immune system.
I am just a few weeks away from graduation.
I am so excited :) 
...
I know that what I thought was love is not.
My scholarship
My scholarship has been canceled and I am not happy about it.
I did not lose it because of bad grades.
I got all As this semester, as I did in the previous ones.
The problem is that I am a transfer student.
I studied three years of a Philology and Languages degree.
Then, I transferred those classes and they accepted only one year but still kept some unnecessary credit hours.
I have been studying in this new university for two and a half years and I am about to graduate.
They tell me I have too many credit hours and that goes against their rules.
I still have to explain to them that some of those credit hours come from a different university.
Hopefully, that will help me.
Otherwise, I won't have enough money this coming semester:(
My friend's birthday
Tomorrow is my friend's birthday.
I'm going to buy him a cake and sing "Happy Birthday" to him.
I would like to cook something for him but I do not know what he likes.
I wonder if I should take him out to dinner instead =/
Korean
I want to learn conversational Korean.
I do not want to learn how to write Korean.
I'm going to try to find some Korean people to chat with.
I hope it works =)
Teacher Job Fair
Tomorrow I will go to a Teacher Job Fair.
It is a big event and pre-screening job interviews will take place there.
I will go and do my best so they give me an official job interview. I think it was fine as it was. If anything, you could say "so that they give me..."
I have read and practice possible interview questions.
However, I am very shy and my personal skills are not the best.
Also, my English starts to break down when I am nervous.
I will try not to think about it right now.
Wish me luck.
French
I have more free time these days, and I feel like resuming my language learning.
I want to continue studying Portuguese.
Also, I want to learn French.
I just took my first lesson in Langq.
I hope I learn something :).
It's 7 am
Today is Saturday and I decided to wake up at 7 am.
The reason is simple.
I have been on vacation for almost three weeks now.
I have been going to bed and waking up very late.
On Monday, I will start going to an Elementary School from 7am to 3pm every day.
It's been a long time since I had such a schedule.
In Colombia, I used to wake up at 5am and go to bed at around 9 or 10 pm almost every day. 
When I came to the United States my schedule changed.
I have become accustomed to sleeping a lot and I am having trouble going back to being a morning person. Would sound slightly better to me with 'I became accustomed to sleeping a lot and now I am having troubles going back...' as the previous sentence was in the simple past tense too, but just a suggestion.
Tomorrow (Sunday), I will wake up at 6 am.
I cannot wait...
not really.
today
I want to do something different today.
I usually stay at home and use the internet all day.
sometimes I play dance dance revolution.
However, today I want to do something different.
I do not have any idea what to do differently though =/
I have no idea what to do differently though =/
Music in Other Languages
I remember those years in high school when I did not know English.
I always thought it was cool to be able to understand other languages.
I spent hours listening to songs in English, finding their lyrics, translating them, and trying to sing them.
I thought music was better when it was a challenge.
Now, I think music in English or Spanish is just OK.
However, my interest has shifted towards other languages.
Now, I spend hours trying to sing along with Korean and Chinese songs.
I can read and pronounce the romanized lyrics, but I do not know what I am saying most of the time.
I find it very funny that what I am looking for is otherness.
I find it very funny that what I am looking for is something foreign.
I think I fall into the trap of romanticizing other languages.
Anyway, that is what motivates me to investigate other languages and cultures.
DDR (Dance Dance Revolution)
I love to dance.
Recently I bought the DDR game for nintendo Wii.
I have so much fun with it.
Every day I spend 30 minutes to an hour dancing different songs.
I do not think that this game is similar to dancing but it is closer to aerobics.
Whenever you search for this game online you will find videos of people playing this game as professionals.
I'm not that good but I do enjoy it to the fullest.
letter
Dear Ms.
P:
I am applying for a Spanish teaching position in the M district.
One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school I am currently teaching at.
One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school I am currently teaching at.
One of the requirements to apply is a letter of recommendation from the principal of the school where I am currently teaching. 
I am currently acquiring student teaching experience with Ms.
At the present moment, I am acquiring student teaching experience with Ms.
E at your school.
I am teaching kindergarten, first, second, and third grade .
I am also helping choreograph the 3rd grade dance for the “Cinco de mayo” celebration.
I am also helping to choreograph the third grade dance for the “Cinco de mayo” celebration.
Please look at the attached letter of recommendation that Ms.
Please find attached the letter of recommendation that Ms. This sentence sounds best as it is.
E wrote for me.
It may give you a better idea of my experience at MES.
Thank you so much for letting me have such a great teaching experience with Ms.
E and her wonderful students.
Sincerely,
L
The 8 dumbest car stealers or the 8 most stupid car thiefs
8.
Was he committed?
Yes.
Was he smart?
No.
Carjacking is the serious crime that consists of taking a vehicle when it is in possession of another person.
According to federal law, those who commit this crime can receive a sentence up to 15 years in jail if they are found guilty.
We can say that Tyrone Davis’ problem was not his strong character, but the lack of focus.
After all, he had two long weeks robbing two stores, entering a house, assaulting a 41 year old woman that lived there and then stealing her car in December of 2006. Could possibly be 'breaking and entering into a house' though maybe he just walked in - in which case what you have is perfect.
We have not even mentioned what brought him to our list. Other suggestions which could be a slight improvement - 'Earned him a place on our list', 'made him worthy of inclusion on our list'
He was trying to escape from the Titusville police and he crashed his Dodge Shadow 1992 against the curb.
Then, Davis, with a knife in his hand, tried to steal a Saab that was stopped at an intersection. You can also just say 'with knife in hand' - this, strangely, is correct English too.
He could only grab the door handle before the driver stepped on the gas pedal in order to flee.
However, the driver drove fast with Davis still hanging from the door handle.
Next, in a display of dedication that almost deserves praise despite its stupidity, David held onto the door handle for several blocks and at speeds up to 45 miles per hour.
In fact, Davis only let the handle go when he was tackled by a police officer. 'Davis only let go of the handle'
Hello everyone,
I'm back from Colombia after spending a month and five days with my family and friends.
I had a great time and spent a lot of quality time with my favorite people.
Saying goodbye was difficult.
I could not stop myself from crying when I said goodbye to my grandmother.
That was heart breaking.
My mom and I tried to be calm when I left.
However, I know we both were very sad.
Hopefully, I don't have to wait two more years before I see them again.
Anyways, I had a good time with my friends from the National University of Colombia.
Also, I hung out with my high school friends and they only wanted me to get drunk.
It was great that even though we did not keep in touch too much, we could have fun the same way we used to.
I had a good time but it was time to come back to my normal life.
I don't want to live in Colombia and I have a good life here in the States.
Sometimes, you can't have everything at the same time.
I finally got a job and I'll be teaching Spanish to six graders.
I'm so excited!
It is 2 am
I am flying to NY state today.
I have to wake up at 6 am but I cannot sleep.
I feel uneasy.
I hope I have a good time there.
Lately, it has been difficult to enjoy myself.
I really do not know how to express what I am feeling right now.
Actually, I do not want to say it.
I do not even know why I started to write this journal in the first place.
Good night.
1st Translation
Central American women are more and more determined to break with what feminists tend to call "Chains of Silence", overcoming old fears to speak against the constant complaint, "machista aggression." This phenomena has left in the open the drama and hell, the product of abuse and discrimination that dozens of women have tolerated in their homes, working places and even centers of teaching for years in this region.
My Two Cats
My cats are the cutest one-year old kittens ever.
I have had so much fun having them for almost a year.
I love them very much.
HHowever, they get somewhat annoying at night.
My Mia (the one in my profile picture) is very talkative.
Sometimes she makes noises very early in the morning.
She also tries to sleep on my chest while I am sleeping.
I try to avoid this and do not let her walk on me.
However, sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night to find her sleeping on me.
She is very difficult to discipline.
My other cat is more silent. Maybe 'calmer' 'quieter' or 'less energetic' 
However, he likes to scratch things, which can also be very annoying.
They wake me up at least four times every night- when I'm lucky.
I guess this is the price I have to pay for having such cute animals.
I am on vacation
I had my three finals today and it was actually a nice day.
I accomplished all I had planned for today and I did not get as stressed as I usually get.
Now I can rest and do whatever I feel like for a couple of weeks.
Nice!
Hi Native English Speakers
I am looking for one native English Speaker to help me with my homework.
I know that if you want your texts check you need to write short paragraphs but now I need to write longer.
I am looking for a Lang-8 friends who are willing to correct long texts.
Please help me.
Taiwanese Married Couples.
Does anybody know if Taiwanese married couples exchange wedding rings?
and If they do, do they wear them all the time?
Thank you.
The concert
I went to the concert with my friend.
It was such a hot day today.
We arrived at the place at 5pm.
They opened the doors at 6pm.
By that time I had sweated way too much.
But I still had 4 more hours to go.
The first band that played was really bad.
The second, Dirty Heads, was really cool.
By this time it was raining, which was great because that cooled us off.
The third singer was Matisyahu.
He is a great singer but his songs were a little slow.
We had to wait a long time for Sublime to come out.
The equipment was wet and they had to do a lot of preparations.
Finally, Sublime played but I was tired already.
I was a good concert but I need better endurance in the future.
Now I am so tired!!
To brush shoulders
I have to translate the phrase "To brush shoulders" into Spanish but I do not really know what this even means.
I looked for the meaning and I did not find it in any dictionary.
Can you help me with the definition?
Thanks
Skype
I have noticed that some people like to use Skype in this website.
I would like to talk to someone using Skype.
I think would I rather chat in Spanish though.
We'll see.
Snow Day!
It does not really snow in Atlanta.
During winter, you might see one day of snow.
This city is not prepared for snow so when it happens the city closes down.
That happened last night and so the city is closed today.
Today was supposed to be my first day teaching full-time in an Elementary School for my student teaching. I think either capitals for both 'Elementary' and 'School' or no capital for either - probably can go either way for this though.
After that I had a meeting with my professor to get instructions.
However, last night everything was officially closed.
Therefore, I got an extra day of vacation.
I do not know how the weather conditions are going to be tomorrow.
I am sure we will have class.
Here is a funny cultural fact:
In Atlanta you can not buy alcohol on Sunday.
Last night, I read in social networks how desperate many people were because they did not buy enough alcohol on Saturday, they had to do without alcohol all Sunday and probably Monday too.
It is good that I do not drink :) 
Christmas in Colombia
In Colombia, we celebrate Christmas on the 24th.
The gifts are opened at midnight and everyone is hungover on the 25th.
Christmas is very different from the way the US celebrates it.
My family was very poor and we lived in a small town.
My mom was a dressmaker. 
Our tradition is that on the 24th, you wear new clothes, go to church and party like crazy.
I was the happiest little girl wearing my new outfits.
I would also get a new outfit for New Year's Eve and those would be the only two new outfits I would get for the rest of the year.
Santa Clause did not give us presents.
That guy was only in movies.
We got presents from Baby Jesus.
However, my mom used to tell me that since Baby Jesus was so poor and he lived in a stable, he did not have money for a gift that year.
It was not important if I did not get a gift, because my cousins did, so we would play with their toys on the 25th.
The 24th meant only work for my mother .
Many people asked her to make new clothes for that night, but they paid her during the following year.
So, my mom would have to use the sewing machine until 11:30 at night. It's a little bit formal to use am or pm in such an informal narrative.
At 11:30, she would say "Feliz Navidad" to us and hide because she hated interacting with so many people.
The rest of the neighborhood would dance, drink and eat the whole night.
When it was midnight, everyone would go from house to house to say "Feliz Navidad" with a kiss and a hug.
Seriously, everyone would kiss and hug at least 40 people from midnight to 1am.
The next day, the 25th, was for people to sleep all they wanted and get over their hungover.
For that, some families would go to the pool or the river and cook grilled meat or make a delicious sancocho.
I am not sure if I miss all that.
It was always very intense.
However, my Colombian friends will be at a big party tonight while I will be going out for dinner and going to the movies.
School
I have been out of the loop.
I have been a little busy and I have not written nor corrected much lately.
I have been a little busy and I have neither written nor corrected much lately.
I am having my mid-semester attitude.
I am a little stressed.
It is Sunday night and I do not want the week to begin.
Micro-teach 
Today I prepared an activity for my Spanish II classes.
I made them solve a vocabulary puzzle. Some of them were really into the activity.
That was great.
I spent a lot of time making that puzzle so I was glad most of them liked it.
I'm really liking this Teaching Practicum.
ummhh
I have to write a long journal for my class and I do not know anyone to proofread my paper.
Last night
I thought I had to stay home last night but I ended up going out after all.
I was a little moody but after talking to some friends and drinking a little everything was fine =)
3rd Grade Students
I was teaching "near/cerca" and "far/lejos" to my 3rd grade students.
I called a boy and a girl to the front and asked them to get close to each other.
The rest of the class said "She said you should kiss!".
The rest of the class said, "She said you should kiss!" 
I said "Get close, but no kissing please!".
I said, "Get close, but no kissing please!" 
Wow, is this what third grade students already have in their minds? This word order sounds more natural to me.
I'm surprised.
Ha, ha.
Parties
My social life is not that exciting.
I usually stay home during the weekends and during the week I study very hard.
However, next Friday (November 5th) I was invited by two people to their houses.
The first person was a friend from school who already graduated.
She invited me to stay at her house and drink with some other ex classmates.
It sounded very fun so I said that it was very likely that I would be there.
However, a German friend is leaving for a couple of months and she just sent me an e-mail inviting me to her farewell party.
I would really like to go to both places but they are too far apart so I have to cancel one.
I will go to the farewell party because I feel bad not going.
Sadly, I will have to cancel my girl's night out with my school friends.
Hopefully, we will be able to party together again.
I just wish these two events were not on the same day.
Teaching
I just finished a 25-page project on different ways to teach three topics.
I wrote about the many ways in which students can learn the same thing by using visuals, language, space/drawing, movement, music, interpersonal and intrapersonal communication, and nature.
Those are the so-called "Multiple Intelligences".
This theory has some flaws but I think that it makes classes more engaging.
I also included different ways in which cultural products and practices can be taught in the classroom.
I am starting to think that the elementary school level is the level that suits my personality better.
I love including dancing, singing and other arts in the classroom.
Also, I am a very shy person normally but when I am teaching my outgoing side easily comes out.
I really hope I can find a job in this level of schooling.
I'm drunk
It had been a while since I got drunk, but
I went to a reggae concert and it was inevitable.
I have not written anything lately because I have done nothing.
However, soon I will be home and even if I do nothing it will fell like something.
Take care.
Laura
Done
I gave my last presentation and it seems like there is going to be a graduation :)
Cooking day
Today I made sushi and baked a pineapple cake.
I actually hate cooking.
I would rather clean than cook.
However, today I felt like preparing food.
I wish I was more patient and knew more recipes.
I guess I will start cooking little by little.
I may end up liking it.
How do you say "driving a car"
Um ano atrás eu aprendi como lidar.
Ainda me dá medo identificador para lugares que visitar não seguidos.
Apesar de que a prática não pode perder o medo.
Recentemente travar meu carro em um estacionamento.
Espero melhorar em breve = P 
Today
I'm feeling pretty today.
That does not happen often.
I'm wearing my favourite red dress and I'm wearing some make-up.
It feels good to take care of yourself =)
Pool
I'm on a break right now.
I looked for a job but I did not find one.
So I stay home most of the time.
Today, I'm going to the pool to exercise.
I hope I have fun even though I'm by myself =)
Car accident
Last night I got in my first car accident.
I am alright and the other driver is OK too.
My car got hit on the right side and the insurance company is going to repair it.
I was really scared when the accident happened.
I could not speak for a while after that. 
Subbing
Today is my last day of vacation and instead of spending it like I wanted : cleaning,cooking or exercising.
I spent hours on a website that I usually visit a lot.
I spent hours in a website that I usually visit a lot.
I am really into Asian dramas because I am sick and tired of Latin soap operas.
When I watch these TV shows at least I am learning about a different culture.
This website uploads the videos from different Asian shows and a group of volunteers write subtitles.
So I was watching the drama I was interested in and I realized that the Spanish subs had not even started.
So I was watching the drama I was interested in and I realized that the Spanish subs were not available.
There were also comments of people who need the Spanish subtitles.
There were also comments from people who needed the Spanish subtitles.
So I looked around and found out how to be part of the volunteer subbers and I did it.
Now I really appreciate the hard work of those volunteers.
That job takes hours.
I had a good time because I love translating but it is very time-consuming.
Colombia
I'm going to visit Colombia .
My first stop will be Bogota, the capital city.
My mother is going to meet me there and we'll stay at my sister's house.
I'm so excited and can't wait.
I hope to have a safe and quick trip :)
Today is the day
I will finally graduate and some relatives are visiting right now.
Cool.
Underwear
I bought underwear today.
I was really happy because I found the type of thongs that I like for a really good price.
I was so excited that I did not check the sizes and I ended up buying 3 different sizes.
I bought an XS, M and L and only one fits.
So sad =( At least they were not expensive.
Awake at 3 am
I usually sleep for 7 hours or so.
Now that I wake up early, I am usually very tired by 10 or 11 pm.
However, last night I was not very sleepy.
Still, I went to bed at 10:30, thinking that it would be difficult to wake up the next morning.
However, I woke up at 3 am and I could not get back to sleep.
The good part is that I am not feeling tired.
The bad part is that I might be exhausted by the end of the day.
Hopefully that does not happen while I'm driving back home.
Hopefully that doesn't happen while I am driving home.
This is nothing new for me.
From time to time, I have trouble sleeping.
However, it had been a long time since I could sleep well.
Oh, how I envy sleepyheads!
(Ha, ha)
Florida
I'm in Florida right now for Thanksgiving break.
Yesterday I went to the beach.
It had been a year since the last time I went and the last time was very cold.
Yesterday was the opposite.
It was a beautiful day.
I enjoyed getting dry by the sun while looking at a beautiful blue sky. 'Getting dry by the sun' sounds a little odd. Maybe 'sunbaking', 'sitting in the sun', or even 'soaking up the sunshine'.
It was very relaxing.
I'm back
Hi, I haven't written journals recently but I hope I do it more often now.
I have decided that I am going to publish my picture and show my real name.
I do not want to hide anymore :)
They Stole Two Cows and Put “Boots” on Them to not Leave a Trace.
Bucarest, Romania.
A gang of four Romanians put rubber boots on two cows that they had stolen so the police would not follow the trace of their footsteps but they were denounced by a pig.
The gang consisted of three man form the city of Burila Mare, who robbed during the night a stable located in the town of Hinova. Slightly better would be 'who robbed a stable during the night' or 'who, during the night, robbed a stable'
The cow’s owner, identified as Mioara Fratila, quickly called the police.
“When I woke up in the morning to feed my animals they were all gone.
They just disappeared”, said the victim who added “There were only boot marks but I looked closely at them and I found some pig footprints.”
The police traced the 14 footprints over 30 kilometers and arrested the three delinquents for stealing.
After the incident, Fratila explained why they were caught “It seems that they did not find anything that fit on the little piggy.” Or 'to put' 
FC Barcelona
I like soccer a lot.
I am a fan of Barcelona's soccer team.
Last year, they won all the prizes they could.
It's a shame that stadium tickets are very expensive.
If you watch a soccer match of Barcelona, you will enjoy the best soccer team of the new century.
If you watch one of their soccer matches, you will enjoy the best soccer team in the new century.
I am surprised!!
Today I took an English test.
Today I took an English test.
Today I took an English test.
It contained many questions and four answers for each of the questions.
It contained many questions and each have options of four answers to choose from.
It contained many questions and each have options of four answers to choose from.
I answered all the questions and to my surprise the result that threw it was: "your level is 4.
After completing the test, to my surprise, the result came out saying: "your level is 4.
After completing the test, to my surprise, the result came out saying: your level is 4.
Intermediate." I couldn't believe it!!.
I say this because I know I have some skills in English, but I need more practice and I need do it frequently to develop my skills in that language.
I say this because I know I have some skills in English but I need more practice and I need do it frequently to develop my skills in that language.
I'm sure this isn't my general level English because it only measured my writing skills .
I'm sure this isn't my general level English because it only measured my writting skills.
It didn`t measure my speaking nor my listening abilities, but this result can be useful to motivate me continue improving my English everyday. I`m sure of this.
It didn't measured my speaking nor my listening abilities but this result can be useful to motivate me continue improving my English everyday; Im sure of this.
Regards to my dear readers!
Time to read
I like to work; I really like it, but sometimes, I feel that I'm so into my job, that I don't have enough time to do what I really love.
I read sometimes on the bus, but it is not always a good experience. It moves a lot, I feel dizzy and I have to stop reading when I have to get off, not when I want to.
I have the most beautiful book in my hands and I've been waiting for the right time to read it. My boyfriend gave it to me in October. It is February now, and I have only read ten pages.
I felt sad today. I have to make time to read.
20.3.2010
...
I wrote a long e mail for him, now I have to wait and I feel that very soon I will go nuts.
Waiting for an answer is not what i want to do this saturday.
What i would prefere is to read and do the art that i like in my diary.
May be eat that cheese with white wine that we ate yersterday.
Perhaps it would be better if I start looking for crow images to express how I felt in our trip.
I hope this will be a long saturday
Practicing!
I've been working to improve my written english making translations, but this tecnical vocabulary is little bit weird.
Hello dear friends and clients, my name is Juan Perez and during this informative clip, we will learn more about an important enterprise in Tequila, Mexico.  We will also have a special section answering your most common questions about our products.
Be Welcome.
OLEOMEX GROUP
En 1970, the Engineer José Luis Pérez Martines, using his knowledge, long experience, and vision in the oils industry, founded the enterprise Oleofinos, S.
A.
and with it begun the current organization of the OLEOMEX corporation.
OLEOMEX, is composed of eleven companies, all Mexican, which have grown and diversified its range and opportunities in the national and exportation market.  Its energy is focused on the production, manufacture and marketing of food, industrial, personal care, and consumer products
WHO ARE WE
Industrializadora Oleofinos, is a company which is located in the metropolitan area of Guadalajara, Jalisco.  It has an infrastructure of 220,000 m2 in its three plants, where products are produced for food sectors such as: vegetable oils, palm, soy, fat plant.  In the cleaning area it produces soaps and detergents.
OLEOFINOS WARRANTY
Our commitment to quality to our customers goes beyond a simple promise; therefore each of the shipments that leaves our plant has been certificated by the department of quality assurance of Olefinos.
This certificate also known as a guaranteed analysis, allows one to verify the percentage of fat from palm oil, calcium, and humidity of the specific lot that is going to be delivered to the customer.
Also, our quality assurance department performs a constant and daily supervision of manufacturing processes in lactomil.  Uunder a program of random sampling, qualified personnel go to the production line in order to get the most important data such as: moisture, fat and calcium content as mentioned above.
IMPORTANT CLIENTS
Among the most important customers of Industrializadora Oleofinos  S.
A.
de C.
V.
we are proud of highlight: (here it starts a list of mexican copanies)
I'm going to work on in
don't step into my layer, fool
well the title isn't really related with this entry 
it is about something that i'm living right now 
a few months ago i met this girl 
she is ....
not what you would call an atractive girl but it's  kind of cute
she never brushes her hair like she just woke up 
and she's an otaku (knows averything about any anime or manga you ask her about)
oh and she draws really really  good
well she was the friend of a friend and we met 
i pulled some of my really bad bad jokes
and she didn't like them but she like me and so we became friends
i saw every once in a while and say "hello" 
and ask her stuff like "what are you doing??" or  "let me see your draws"
one day i saw her walking alone in the hall 
and i say "hey!
where are you going all alone??"
she had some stuff to do .......
and i wasn't with no one  neither was she so i decided to go with her 
and every time i was and was alone and i find her, we started talking
not like "hey girl ...
you know ...
you and me ...
a movie" more like stupid stuff
"i'm hungry" "me too" "well ....
you have any money ??" "no" "oh -.-"
.......
this history it's getting to long 
oh no.....
i just realize ...........
she and i got a history .....
man
thanks for reading .....
Two moons
Today it's agoust 27 and it's also my birthday  
I'm turning 18 today xP 
i didn't do a party or something like that cause all my friends had to study 
but i'm going to celebrate tomorow with them 
anyway, i heard today mars will be able to wacht and it will like there were two moons 
it's really cool to know something like that happens in your birthday 
even when you know its a coincidense.
career choice 
-.- I'm getting into college this month
and I have to sign in, in one of two careers that are vacant in two different places.
One of them is administration and well I really suck  with stuff like that, but I can change to engineering next semester
and the other is data processing and is something that I'm remotely interested in.
But what I really want to study is language but that is a career that you can only study in another state but I don't have the money to afford to live there.
Have you ever felt like an idiot and you didn't know why??
Have you ever felt like an idiot and you didn't know why??
I'm great ...........
in fact, I'm awesome, so why does everything seem to be  ....
how can a say this??..................
kind of like in slow motion .....
I would've liked to have slept the whole day so I wouldn't have to withstand this .......
this ...
SLOWLINESS ("slowliness" what's that??) .........
I spent all morning with a cute girl and it just felt like crap......
I spent all afternoon with my friends and I wanted to go home as fast as I could ................
Have you ever felt like an idiot and you didn't know why??
Have you ever felt like an idiot and you didn't know why??
I'm a bit of a pyromaniac // teaching....huh?? // my english class sucks
--------I'm a bit of a Pyromaniac---------
Hello there.....
well this isn't something that  everybody says
but i think people realize the same way as i did
today i found a machtbox in the kitchen 
neither my mother nor my brother was home
so i decided ( oh yeah ) that i can set on fire a little sheet of paper.
And well, i did it, it was fun but ....
it didn't last long
so i grabed an old plastic cup.......
then a piece of fabric...
an old toy...
my grandma...........
no, i'm kidding......
my grandma's wig
and after all this nonsense i realize.....
AAAH I BURNED MY ROOM......
---------------------Teaching .......
huh?-------------------------
I'm thinking about teaching spanish on EDUfire .....
but i don't really know how it works
AM I GOING TO GET PAID??
(if i teach from venezuela) 
--------------------My english class sucks---------------------------
Yesterday we had english class in my universityYesterday we had an english class in my university.You use 'an' before words that begin with a vowel, and 'a' before words that do not.
i felt like a super hyper mega genius (even though i know i'm not) of english
It was such easy stuff and no one seemed to understand.
HEHEHEHE AND KNOW THE CUTE GIRLS OF THE CLASS ASK FOR MY HELPAND NOW THE CUTE GIRLS OF THE CLASS ASK FOR MY HELP!
AAAAAAAAW MAN
two days ago was one of my friend's 18th birthday party .....
aaaaaw my head hurts just _ thinking about it.
We went to the beach and i could have enjoyed it 
if it weren't for the fact that the day before my friends and i played a really stupid drinking game.
and i ended up drinking almost two bottles of vodka......
I could go on and on about the things we said or who barf first but as i talk more about it, it loses the fun....
^^ thanks for reading
Be nice, polite and social 
This morning i got on a bus to Caracas (venezuela's capital) 'cause I have some errands to do there.
Actually i'm already there in fact i'm here
i'm staying in one of my mom's friend's house 
she's like an aunt to me so she has no problem with me staying
she has one son  and one daughter they are twins but we don't really get along well
my mother said to me before i left "be nice"
and i said " yeah don't worry i will be nice"
then she said -...
and be polite
i didn't quite understand but i said - O.
O yeah mom i will be polite
then she look at me like "this is the number one rule when you get there" and said -...
BE SOCIAL
Ok mom - i said - i'll be social 
well i have been nice .............
i think i have been polite ........
but I'm not quite sure about social .....
how should i start? "so you live here huh?" -"i'm starving"- "what about cancer?"-"is it just me or does everyone  hate dressed dogs" -  " who wants to see a zombie movie?".
that's all that has come to mind so far ...........
well so long i got to get out there and be social
U.D.O *my college*
So far the U.
D.
O  (Universidad de Oriente- "Eastern University")   has been great ............
who am i kidding?
i hate Administration....
the classes  are awfully boring and i just sit there not listening to a word the teacher says but watching the cute girl sitting next to me, and drawing the first thing that comes to my mind or doing origami cranes ('cause that's the only origami i know).
i got a 10 in english even though i just draw in class .....
i don't consider myself a master of the english language (and everyone in my class thinks i do) but the teacher is not really giving a college level english class ( i don't know why  i always need to say my english class sucks....
i hope it isn't  anoying)
Since the first day i got to U.
D.
O i have liked a girl that  studies with me.
She is cute, funny, cute and......
well she's cute and funny, and she  made me say to myself  "I WANT THAT GIRL." But apparently i forgot to tell myself that she has a boyfriend.....
i call him potato forehead....
becuase his forehead does look like a potato ....
what brings me to the question "WHAT DOES SHE SEE IN THAT POTATO FOREHEADED GUY??"
I know she is out of my league  but C'MON.......
Well i don't feel like writing anymore 
please correct me and thanks for reading -.-
I want to learn how to do bass slaps.
I've been practicing the bass from almost a year
I consider myself to be pretty good 
but I've never learned how to bass slap 
my amp broke (-.-U) and i never get to hear myself playing a bass slap Again, I don't know the term, but this sounds better.
I started to see videos of people doing it 
and they really made me want to know how they learned to play so fast .....
QUICK ENTRY
I HAVE DECIDED THAT THIS COMINGYEAR I WILL GO TO JAPAN ON CHRISTMAS EVE................
SO I'LL START SAVING MONEY.
YEAH THAT'S MY NEW YEAR'S WISH.....
NO, MY NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION.
DO YOU HAVE A NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION ??
ANYWAY HAPPY NEW YEAR xP
Death in Venice
A few weeks ago i finished reading *the sorrows of young werther*, but i wasn't sure i could read another book (another book that book that didn't says *Math* on the cover) 'cuase i'm going to college this month .
So i picked a little book that i knew i would read fast that i haven't read yet called *Death in Venice * by Thomas Mann ......
It's been quite interesting this book ......
but a little weird too.
that is because the main character named Gustav von Aschenbach it's kind of......
i wouldn't say in love ........
but obsessed, with this 14 years old boy who was part of a Polish family that's staying in the same hotel in Lido (an island next to Venice) that Aschenbach.
well that's been what i have read so far .................
Thanks for reading
when i was little ....
when I was little my dad sold military uniforms
and my mom was a university teacher
i didn't have any nephews or nieces
everyday i played nintendo
everyday my brother and I  fought
It was a really happy time
a really peaceful time
The Sorrows of Young Werther
I started to read "The Sorrows of Young Werther"  two days ago 
it's a romantic novel.
I didn't think i would like this book cuase romantic novels bore me
I didn't think i will like the book 'cause romantic novels bored me
I didn't think I would like this book 'cause romantic novels bore me.
but it's actually really good
The book is like a letters collection ordered by date sent by Werther to a friend
The book is like a collection of letters in chronological order sent by Werther to a friend
in those letters he writes about the place where he's staying 
There he meets and falls in love with a beautiful girl named Charlotte
however she is, unfortunately for him, already engaged
......
well, that's as far as i've read 
-.-  thanks for reading
Halloween party ..B-day party... PARTY!
This saturday, one of my friend's little sisters is having a halloween party.
My friend has two sisters that are kind of anoying, but I like them anyway. 
It seems like there's always a party at my friend house. 
It's great cause you can go there just to kill some time and end up staying there overnight. 
I gotta go ^^ thanks for reading
Can I change my username?
I am new here and i want to change my username please...
Can I do it?
Can anyone correct my english in my others posts?
My Role Model
Hello!
Today I am going to talk about one of my roles models, Selena Gomez.
She was born on July, 1992 in Texas.
She is an actress and a singer.
When she was 9 years old she started to work in Barney & Friends (where she met Demi Lovato) but her most important role is Alex Russo in Disney Channel's TV Show Wizards of Waverly Place.
In 2009 Selena recorded a CD with her ban "Selena Gomez & The Scene", called Kiss & Tell.
My favorutie Kiss & Tell's songs are'Kiss & Tell', 'I Wont Apologize' and 'Falling Down'.
I think she is a big role model, she has a lot of talent and she helps other people
I am back!
Well, the title explains all: I joined this amazing site  a long time ago and I just posted 3 things but I am here now and I want to start again.
My name is Cande, I am a very big fan of Selena Gomez, Jennifer Anisto, Harry Potter, Twilight, Pretty Little Liars and more.
I am learning English and I would be really happy if someone corrects me so I will have a chance to get better.
My name
Hi, I am walter , I am from Perú,I like soccer and music Rock, My favorite group is Korn and favorite song is Got the life
Hello
I want to find new friends, and practice my english with them
Mexican Pride
Today i want to speak about mexico and a bit of its culture.
I have been playing violin for 3 years now and i hope someday i can get into music college, but to do this i have to practice a lot every day.
Something i would want to do is to play in a traditional mexican music group that is called mariachi, the mariachi groups play songs about love, about parties, about our country, about women about a lots of stuff.
This is a video from youtube were a mariachi group plays a song called "el son de la negra" and "el cascable" which literal translation would be "the song of the black girl" and "the rattle"
I love my country for all of its culture, its people and everything it does.
We are people that is full of happiness and loves to have partys, to dance, to sing, to paint.
I consider that people around the world might have a wrong image about mexicans, that we lay down on a cactus with a SOMBRERO and sleeping all day, but i beg to differ and i would like to say that most people that say that have never been in mexico and i gladly invite them to my country to see the beautifull marvels it has.
Not only regarding music, party and dances.
Aztec ruins, Mayan ruins, its beautyfull beaches, its sceanries
I have seen videos about minutemen (an active anti-ilegalalien movement in the usa) and i know not everybody thinks like them but i hate racism and would like to speak for my people and show you what we truly are.
please watch the following video that talks (in my humble opinion)  the truth about my country
Hello, Lang-8
I am a student and want to learn English.
I am a student and I want to learn English.
The music.
The music is one of the most important things of my life.
My favourite pop stars are Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber.
I'd like to met Demi Lovato.
She's the best!!
She sing fantastic and is beautiful too.
I want to be like she.
Justin Bieber has all.
He's gorgeous, he sing very good and is the boy most perfect in the world!!
My dream is to be a famous singer.
If I'll have got my dream, I'd be the happiest person in the world!!!!
About the lovely city of Austin, TX
Austin is the capital city of the state of Texas.
Now, I'm there living because I'm doing some research at University of Texas at Austin.
I invite you all to visit this wonderful city, because you'll really enjoy it!
It is very peaceful, with a lot of things to do and, most importantly, the weather is so nice!
You will enjoy its sunny days!
So, if you are looking for a city to visit at the States and you don't know which, come to Austin!
You will not regret it!
My first post in this site
Hello, 
I'm writing down my first post in this site in order to see if it works properly, that is, if I can use it to improve my writing skills and, also, to help others to improve their skills writing my lovely native language, Catalan.
By the way, as many Catalan speakers suffer, we also could correct Spanish entries but it seems that, since we can only choose one language to correct, we can not select it.
Does anybody know how to fix this?
Description
I'm student of applied linguistics, and also I want to learn more about the English language.
i'm student of applied linguistics and I would like to learn more about English.
So, I would like to meet some friends who speak different
languages.
my hobbies are sometimes going to the gym and practicing
my hobbies include going to the gym and practicing 
muay thai .
and my favorite food is seafood because i'm  from 
a little island and there are many varieties of seafood.
Expressing an opinion - Is smoking fashionable?
Nowadays, in the society we’ve created, many people think being trendy is something to die for, especially people with very developed social skills.
They practically base their life on finding out new crazes to impress everyone else.
Sometimes these methods can damage them.
This is certainly the case with smoking.
Many people don’t have enough personality to begin their own trend, so they have to adopt one as bad as smoking.
At first it may seem funny, even cool.
But, as the time goes by, the fad becomes a problem, a disease.
That’s because a lot of teenagers with non-smoking families have a smoking addiction.
This addiction causes rejection from the non-smokers in your own gang.
That is, you can end up being awkward and unsociable with an extremely dangerous addiction that slowly kills you.
All this can catch you unawares still being in high school.
It is sad to think what an "I'm just trying it out" attitude can cause and what it can lead to for the rest of your life.
In conclusion, think about how you want people to view you, and then value their opinion if it’s worth it.
REPORT ON CASANDRA´S NEW COLLECTION
OUR PROBLEMS CAN BE EASILY SOLVED: This report sets out to express the need for a change in our view of fashion.
In fact, I am creating this because last season was a complete disaster.
None of us want this to happen again, so we have to join forces, and above all, join our creativity.
None of us want that to happen again, so we have to join force and, above all, our creativity.
WHAT’S TRENDY RIGHT NOW?: This is the typical novice question.
Maybe: There’s not anything properly fashionable in and of itself. 
There’s not anything proper fashionable. Confusing- I can't tell what you wanted to say.
Most of the successful designers find inspiration in many other different things apart from fashion.
Most successful designers find inspiration in many different things apart from fashion.
A film, a book, or simply a picture may result in exactly what you were looking for.
A film, a book or simply a picture may turn out to be exactly what you were looking for.
Trendy is whatever you want to be trendy.
Just take a seat in your studio and let your imagination fly.
GOOD, BEAUTIFUL AND CHEAP: Don’t worry, it may happen.
Sometimes you succeed in your business and then you overestimate yourself.
The only thing we have to do is let our prices come down.
We can even gain new customers!
We are probably not as good as Dior, so why the same prices?
MAY I HELP YOU, SIR?: Good Service is essential to succeed in business.
All of us may have a bad day, but do our clients have any responsibility?
All of us have bad days from time to time, but are our clients responsible for that?
Probably not much, so face up to it and smile.
Probably not , so face the fact and smile.
Avoid being rude with them at all times.
We don’t yet have any complaints about our employees, which means we’re doing it right.
We don’t have any complaints about our employers yet, which means we’re doing things right.
WHAT DO WE HAVE TO DO FROM NOW ON?: Include a wider catalogue of fashion, increase our designers' originality and reduce our prices.
These are the statements we have to follow next season.
Let's surprise the world with our new extreme make-over!
Let's surprise the world with our new extreme makeover!
Hello!
Hello, I want to introduce myself.
My name is Alberto and i will try to learn english here.
This is my first message, I have written it to test how this webpage works.
I still don't know how to use it.
I don't know
I don't know what to write, though, I'm gonna write something at least to be corrected.
I don't know what to write, but I'm gonna write something so it can at least be corrected.
Soon I'm going to go to an English Academy, so I will be able to write correctly, at least, with not many mistakes.
Not too far from now, I'm  going to go to the English Academy, so, I will be able to write correctly, at least, with not many mistakes.
I hope I can improve my English.
I hope I learn English.
I am very interested in learning English because next year I am going to go to Switzerland, Ireland, or Poland.
I am very interested in learning English because next year I'm going to go to Sweden, Ireland or Poland.
I will be an Erasmus student and English is necessary for travel.
I will be erasmus and English is neccesary for traveling.
In school I learn English but not very much, you can see in this text for example, I make a lot of mistakes.
In School, I learned English, but not very much. You can see in this text for example, I make a lot of mistakes.
Well, I only want to write something to learn with your advice.
Well, I only want to write something to learn from your advice.
I will get it
Hello, I want to write a little of my life, because I need practice english.Hello, I want to write a little of my life, because I need to practise English.
Well, The lastk week I started my english class in a academy situated in my village.Well, last week I started my English class in an academy situated in my village.
All teachers, except one, are native speakers.All the teachers, except one, are native speakers.
They are from the United Kingdom and they don't speak Spanish, only a little.
That's good, so, I will have to speak to my teachers in English and that's good for me.
I hope I will be able to, within the next year, speak and write English better than now.
When I went to the academy...
...they said to me that in grammar I have a B1 level, however, when I did my oral test, they said to me that I must improve my speaking.
I know how to write in English (so-so) but I don't know speak and understand English (only a little).
I noticed this when I travelled abroad.
I need learn very fast because next year I will do a exam to get erasmus scholarship.
I will try it.
Thanks for reading.
A busy person
A very busy person.
This is the title for this text, and It might be the title for my life in this moment.
This year, I'm always busy.
I am 19 years old and it's my second year in university.
It's my first year in conservatory (I play piano), but hat's not all. On Tuesdays and Thursday afternoon I must also go to English academy to learn English.
So, every morning I must go to university. I study history, the subject I loved since I was a boy.
When I am in class I read a lot of history books, take notes, and look at maps...
On Mondays and Wednesdays I go to conservatoryfor two hours each day. Tuesdays and Thursdays I must go to the English academy.
I know I am crazy, and I know I don't have time for all, but I try to do my best.
I think that I will be able to get good results in all.
If all is good, the next year I will know English and I will be able to play piano better than I can now.
Thank you for corrections, really, I need your help!
(jaja)
Stockholm, a beautiful place...
Last week, I was in Stockholm.
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden and it's the one of the most beautiful places for me.
Stockholm is Sweden's capital and for me, one of the most beautiful places in the world.
In Stockholm you can find a lot of parks and forests in the city center.
In the many parks, anyone could swiming in baltic sea, due to there had a little beaches where it's allowed swiming.
In many of the parks, you could swim in the Baltic Sea, due to there being little beaches where swimming was allowed.
All nights me and my friends walked along the magic street.
Every night my friends and me walked through the magical streets.
It's a city which seemed very similar to Venice... Why?
because Stockholm, is composed by many islands sorrounded by baltic sea.
Because Stockholm is made up of many islands surrounded by the Baltic Sea.
The historic center was extraordinary, a lot of old buildings and churches.
No doubt it's the best place i have visited.
Without doubt it's the best place I have ever visited.
If I have any opportunities to travel there again, I will not think twice.
Can someone correct my journal?
I am rewriting a journal that I wrote in another web-page because in that other web-page my journal was not corrected. 
What do you do in your free time?
In my free time I play football with my friends, normally all weekend.
Also, my friends and I go to the disco on weekends.
I like being on my laptop visiting social networks, so I can speak with my friends.
What furniture do you have in your bedroom?
In my bedroom, I have a lot of pieces of furniture.
First, I have a huge desk where I can study very well, besides that, I have a big wardrobe where I keep my clothing.
My bedside table is next to my bed.
Also I have a bookcase to save books that I like.
Finally, I have a television, piano and computer too.
Thank you for your corrections, it allows me to learn English.
=)
Mail
In order to keep whit the process of the "Bug Tracking", the solved issues need to be close, so feel free to change the status issues to “resolved” and add a comment on "Resolution - Action Taken"  if you want.
Hi everyone!!!
> hi this is my first text so i hope anyone could correct my text because i want to be english teacher, and i want to speak and write the english at 100% n.
n 
I have been studying English for 5 years but I know I have some grammar and spelling mistakes.
I'm from Mexico and I'm studying for a  career in tourism and maybe I could teach English someday.
Who knows?
> im here in this pague this is my third day yet and i have some friends n.
n im here waiting ours corrections so don hesitate¡¡¡¡
Well I want to help some friends here too so if someone needs help with their Spanish don't hesitate to message me. I will help you. 
Everyone have a good weekend and see you later on my next diary.
THANKS EVERYONE AND GOOD BYE¡¡¡ :P
Guessing an object
Today in one of my English classes we did an exercise about guessing an object.
We had to describe it and then our classmates would guess what it was
I wrote, "This object makes sounds, it's big and you should sit to use it.
Its color is black and white, its divided into small blocks and you use your hands".
The object I was talking about was a piano.
After this I remembered how much I loved to play it when I was younger, I have to be honest and say I wasn't that good, but it was a nice hobby.
I haven't played in four years and now in my dorms a friend has just bought an electric piano to practice and I realized I miss playing it.
I used to play only classical music, but if I still played nowadays I would play contemporary music too.
New class project
Hello!
This week in one of my English classes we started a new project.
We were divided in pairs to research a topic that is interesting to us in American Culture.
My partner and I chose “Plastic Surgery”; I think it’s a very interesting and controversial topic.
The first step was research and a questionnaire.
Yesterday we started giving the survey to people in the university.
When we finish hopefully we’ll find our objective, which is to find out what Americans think about plastic surgery.
Getting outside your comfort zone
Getting out of the box means doing something you are not comfortable doing, or doing something different from what you are used to.
This may be a challenge that most of us pass through.
Sometimes this means overcoming a fear, or just do something you think it’s hard for you to do.
For me, a challenge is singing in front of people.
When I was young I was in the school choir and I enjoyed it a lot, but as the years passed I quit and became too shy to do it again.
My friends love to sing karaoke, but that’s something I would never imagine doing in front of people.
One day I decided it was time to overcome my fear and just have fun.
I did it, and hopefully as expected, I felt free and happy after having fun like all of my friends.
Everybody should try at least once to overcome their fears, because most of the times you’ll get a positive outcome.
Smartphones
Smartphones have become very popular in the last couple of years.
Like everything, they have pros and cons.
The pros are that you can talk to your friends and family whenever you want, and you can use the Internet on them, which is a very powerful tool.
It can save you from many problems or situations, for example from getting lost, or just helping you to quickly research a topic.
But it can also lead to an obsession.
A lot of people are obsessed with their BlackBerries or iPhones, and that can lead to pulling away from society, getting bad grades in school as a result of not paying attention, and the notifications are very distracting.
This is a very useful tool, but people need to be careful when using it so that it doesn’t become an obsession.
If you have a Smartphone, my recommendation is to use it responsibly!
Despicable Me
This week, one of the university’s groups made an event and invited students through a poster in the dinning hall.
This was to see the movie “Despicable Me”.
The day of the movie I forgot about it and I really wanted to go because a lot of my friends told me it was really good.
Lucky for me, a friend who is part of the group asked me if I was going, so I had to finish my homework quickly and finally I went to see it with four other friends.
It was really cool, the movie and also the ice cream float they gave us, all for free!
Even though this movie is for children, I think it’s really funny and cute and people from all ages enjoy it.
"Sitting in the not-knowing"
I think one of the hardest decisions to make is choosing your major.
This is something that takes a lot of time and thought.
It is an amazing opportunity and you need to be sure that that’s what you want to do in life.
Sometimes you think you are sure about it, but for some reason the universe is not going in your favor and you can’t get there.
That happened to me.
Now, I’m learning that it’s one thing to do something that you want and different to do something that’s meant for you.
In some cases, such as mine, it’s sad when you realize that what you’ve always wanted to do is not what you are actually meant to do in life.
Right now I’m in what I call “sitting in the not-knowing.”
It means I’m at the point where all the doors are closed and I’m waiting for that one door that will hopefully open soon.
"The Social Network"
Hello!
Yesterday I went to see with my friends the movie “The Social Network”.
I think it’s going to be a very popular movie because of its theme (Facebook).
It’s very interesting getting to know the story behind this website.
People use it everyday but they don’t know how hard the founders needed to work for it and all the barriers they passed through.
I recommend this movie to people form all ages, I can guarantee you are going to have a great time.
Crazy weather
The last few days California has had crazy weather.
Last week it was so hot my friends in the dorms and I had a hard time sleeping at night.
On the other hand, this week started to get cold.
The worst part is the rain, I hate rain, but I hate it even more when I have to take long walks to class and get wet.
Because of this weather, I got sick.
I got a throat infection, so I have to take care of myself if I don't want to feel worse.
I hope this weather changes soon or at least stays the same, because the changes are not helping our health.
Dorm life
Recently I’ve been thinking about dorm life. You can also put "recently" at the end of the sentence.
I came to the conclusion that it’s a really good experience that makes people mature and grateful.. 
, I’m an only child, and having the opportunity to live in a dorm has changed my way of thinking and has also helped me in many other ways.
For example, my biggest challenge is probably being patient.
I have a hard time sometimes with patience, and in the dorms I have to be patient if people are listening to music, watching TV, or just making noise when I am trying to do homework or sleep.
Even though it was hard the first few days, I am now enjoying having friends living in the same house as if they were my brothers and sisters.
First Entry
Hello!
This is my first of many entries.
Currently, I’m studying English in the USA.
I think it’s a great opportunity to study a language in its source country, right?
I’ve been studying English since 1st grade.
I like people correcting my writing in Spanish and English.
Usually, I use Word’s spelling check, but sometimes when you correct it the meaning of the sentence changes.
So, I also like friends and other people to check it for me so I can have a different opinion about it.
I really like writing on the Internet.
What I normally use is Facebook and Twitter; hopefully I’ll like posting here in Lang-8 too!
This is a new experience for me, because on the other WebPages I have privacy settings and only some people can read my posts; in here I hope to get as many opinions as possible to improve as much as I can.
"Live to Dance"
Two weeks ago I had one of my many dreams come true.
I’ve always wanted to see a TV show live.
Finally I had the opportunity to go, and the best part is that the show was about dance.
How could it have been better? or to sound more natural it could not have been better!
It’s actually a new show that will be airing in January and I went with two friends to the pilot.
They don’t have any rules; the only thing people need to do is dance.
It doesn’t matter if it’s by yourself in a duet or a group, you get to choose the type of dance and your age doesn’t matter either.
The producer is Paula Abdul, so I got to meet her!
She is one of the three judges.
My favorite singer/dancer from Pussycat Dolls, Kim Wyatt, is also one of the judges!
The third judge is Travis Payne, Michael Jackson’s choreographer for his movie “This is it”.
You can imagine how excited I was and I had so much fun.
I can just say it’s an amazing show and that I can truly recommend it.
Phantom of the Opera
On Thursday, I went to see the Phantom of the Opera at the Pantages Theatre.
Actually, it’s the third time I've seen this awesome play.
From this, you can easily tell that I love musicals.
I went with three other friends this time and had a really good time since we were trying to get the tickets.
It was really hard to get them.
They were selling them at the university for very cheap, but there were only a few of them, so we had to wait in long lines to get them.
t was also fun getting our outfits for that day.
Then on our way there we listened to music and were very excited.
The musical was great!
as was expected. And my favorite song that day was “Phantom of the Opera;” that song was really intense and even gave me goosebumps.
Afterwards, I went with my friends to eat a late dinner, because we thought we were very hungry after the show.
This was a really good experience I will never forget.
Hi, everyone!
My name is Nicolás, and in about 2 weeks, I'll go to Japan as an exchange student for a semester, classes are in in English, so I need to practice it a little more.
Now, I'm sort of busy with the preparations for the flight (I mean, I should be way busier than I'm right now), but I already got the ticket, the visa, and I made the reservation for the hostel in which I'll stay a couple days; so, now I'm just preparing my luggage and some souvenirs from here (just in case).
I'd like to practice my Japanese as well, but I don't feel really confident with my current level.
I can read hiragana and katakana (but sometimes I confuse some symbols and forget some others) and some kanjis.
When I start the Japanese lessons I'll start to write in Japanese .
Ok, that's it for now.
I'm not really good at writing (I don't mean I write poorly, but I'm just not used to it- not even in Spanish).
Crazy week
Wow!
This has been a really crazy week.
I'm going to study in a Japanese university for one semester, so I was finishing all the paperwork for it last week.
The deadline was August 20th, so on August 19th I went to my University to send the documents.
I was almost on the deadline, so I needed the Exchange Coordinators to fax the documents (to be sure that they made it on time). I asked them to mail the documents to Japan.
Well the day before yesterday, I received an email from the Japanese University telling me that they still haven't got the documents, just the fax, but that wasn't enough, they needed the originals.
I rushed to my University to ask them what had happened , so after some time trying to figure out the problem, we realized that when I had asked "mail the documents" but they assumed that I meant "e-mail" the documents.
Now after mailing the Japanese University, the problem seems to be solved when the documents were mailed (by regular mail this time).
THANK you for nothing
six day ago i wrote   
raulsan Sep 02nd 2009 23:47 
im gone try with a short text my first time.
first of all i have been trying study english during the last teen years but i have a big problem, here in spain i never practice because we dont use this language, like you knows all the english films are translated to spanish language.
Here in spain only a few percentage of the people speak english, then there are no oportunities to practice, no conversation no listening.
In my particular case i have been speaking english when i was working in japan and with this people i hdd no problems because the pronunciation its similar than when spanish people try to speak english, i mean horrible, this is the reason i can speak english with a spanish one, a japanese one or similar but the problems start when i try to speak with a native english and increase if i try with an american, then i should say sorry i dont speak your language because american pronunciation its like speak martian (of course australian also different...)
please if not with pronunciation help me with writing
Nobody help me THANK YOU everybody
VISITA MI PÁGINA
VISITA MI PÁGINA, CONOCE COSAS INTERESANTES.
I´m going to classes !
Hi lang-8 users in Spain are 8.00 am and i going to boring classes xD
Bye !
Hi !! I´m sad...
Hi , my name is Kevin i´m from Spain, I just returned for my holidays :( !
.
I´m back with much to learn about the English language!
Help please!!
Start to learn english !!
Hi!!
lang-8 users !
I started to learn english from the internet, TV series subtitled etc...
!
I hope in 2 years I will be able to speak and write in perfect English !
Thanks :))
I'm going to sleep!
People !
I'm going to sleep , I'm very very sleepy ...
Bye!
My dream...
...
is to travel to the UK in two years so I can talk with English people !!
would you b e who you are today if you hdan´t endured the trials in your life? 
Trials in our live build our personality.
I think that all trials in our life are important for get experience in our daily living for these 3 reasons.
First when you affront a trial in your daily living, you learn that error that you done, because you or someone show you and teach you.
For example when you was in school and had a party whit your friend sometimes you drink alcoholics drinks, after that is a trial because you didn´t have the age for drink.
But there is a friend or your father for teach you, in that moment, you had an opportunity for build your personality, when you decide if you earn the message or not.
The second is in many of your trials you would have the opportunity to decide what you have to do, and depend of your decisions you build you personality.
For example, with my preview example, before you start to drink you have the opportunity to decide if you want or not.
i think that personality is the base to know who you are and you build and use this when you affront your trials.
From now on, I'll try writing easier Japanese sentences.
I will write English and Japanese translations too for better understanding.
I'm still a beginner student, but I want to speak Japanese better.
If I practice Japanese everyday, I think I will speak it better.
That's why I am looking forward to learning more.
I'll do my best!
Today, I want to talk about my interests.
Before going to bed, I always read books.
Right now, I am reading Haruki Murakami's works.
I'm sure Japanese people know him.
Haruki Murakami is a really famous and talented Japanese writer.
I really like Haruki Murakami's works.
"The Wind-Up Bird Chornicle" is my favourite book.
I am trying to read every book (of his).
Someday, I would like to be able to read books in Japanese, but that is impossible.
Truth is, in Spain, translations take a lot of time.
What a pity, but I understand the reasons.
Japanese-English translations must be difficult.
Do you know any other Japanese authors?
As always, thanks for your help!
I'm in a rush, so I have no time for an English translation.
About nuclear energy.
nuclear energy is one of the problems and solutions for the future.
Well, why nuclear energy is a problem ans a solution at a time? why is nuclear energy a problem and a solution at the same time?
It has advantages and disadvantages.
The principal problem is the waste, because the wastes are very has for the evironment for many years. because waste continues to affect the environment for many years.
But fossil fuels are running out and alternative forms of energy are not yet fully developed.
Nuclear energy is the solution to the problem of the future energy deficit.
In conclusion, I think that nuclear energy is needed for the world until alternative energy are developed. I think that the world needs nuclear energy until alternative forms of energy are developed.
St. Juan's fire in Gijón
Last night in Gijón was the St Juan's fire.
It is a party where people go to the beach with friends and alcohol.
At 12 o'clock the fireworks and the fire begin.
Some legends say that if you make a wish at the fire, it becomes reality.
Some legends say that if you make a wish on a piece of paper and burn it, it becomes reality.
Many people make their own fire and jump, because it brings good luck.
Many people make their own fire and jump over it, because it brings good luck.
This night is the shortest of the year and we have fun!!
At this festival there are concerts and many pubs, where the night never ends.
I had a great time with my friend and I hope that next year is even better.
I encourage you to come to this party.
Kisses!!
"My favourite author." :)
Next text talk about my favourite author and one of his books.
My favourite author is Federico Moccia.
He was born in Rome (Italy) in 1963.
He writes love stories about the new romance in the young people and the consequences .
One of her books, "Perdona si te llamo amor" but the better know around the world is "A tres metros sobre el cielo".
The two books are love stories.
All the books are developed in Rome.
In the first story, the protagonist is Alex a famous publicist in Rome.
He is 37.
But I think in this story there are two protagonists.
The other is Nicky a young girl, student in a high school.
She is 17.
One day they are an accident.
After that they meet other days.
Gently they start a new story together.
But the different age is very important for the people around them.
They leave in one occasion because Alex becomes with the ex-girlfriend.
Finally they are together.
This book is a good love story.
In my opinion one of the best I have read.
And I read a lot!!!
E-mail.
Good afternoon.
Next week I have a very important English test.
I have to make up sentences to practice.
I would appreciate corrections!!!!
This text is made up.
It is an email for a fictitious friend.
Well, I will start.
Hi Tom!
I couldn´t write because I was very busy this month. *might want to explain when you couldn't write. Such as "I couldn't write last month because I was very busy"
I am very happy this summer because there are lots of parties and my friends are here.
Next Sunday I will go to a concert.
I am very impatient because Maldita Nerea is one of my favorite bands.
Do you remember Sara?
She has a new boyfriend. He is very friendly and they are very much in love.
What about you? Do you have any news for me?
Has anything interesting happened to you?
I hope you will write back with some news.
Presentation
First of all, I would like to introduce myself.
My name is Beatriz and I'm currently living in Gijon.
Gijon is a city located in the north of Spain.
I was brought in the city.
This town has three absolutely beautiful  beaches.
This is very important because it is summer and the temperatures are warm.
It's easy to see that I dont know much English, but I want to learn more.
Every year, my understanding in this subject is very low.
I think this subject in my country i really bad and the level of English of the students is very little.
The organization of this matter is catastrophic, for teacher the grammar is more important tha speaking.
Thanks for reading this, Bea.
:)
A biography.
Pablo Neruda, one of the best poets of the world in all lenguages.
He was born in Parrar ( Chile)in 1904.
He is a poet and politi of his country.
His books are very interesting because they show the reality of the life.
There are many book of his author and the mayority are know around the world.
His mother died when he was a baby.
Neruda studied in "Liceo de Hombres de Terruco".
When the Spanish civil war started and his friend, Garcia Lorca, was murdered, he writes España en el corazón.
He has the best works of the world and are well know.
Some of his best know works one Residencia en la tierra and "Veinte poemas de amor y una cancion desesperada".
,
Next text talk about my favourite author and one of his books.
My favourite author is Federico Moccia.
He was born in Rome (Italy) in 1963.
He writes love stories about the new romance in the young people and the consequences .
One of her books, "Perdona si te llamo amor" but the better know around the world is "A tres metros sobre el cielo".
The two books are love stories.
All the books are developed in Rome.
In the first story, the protagonist is Alex a famous publicist in Rome.
He is 37.
But I think in this story there are two protagonists.
The other is Nicky a young girl, student in a high school.
She is 17.
One day they are an accident.
After that they meet other days.
Gently they start a new story together.
But the different age is very important for the people around them.
They leave in one occasion because Alex becomes with the ex-girlfriend.
Finally they are together.
This book is a good love story.
In my opinion one of the best I have read.
And I read a lot!!!
Descripcion of a famous singer or musician.
The singer Bruno Mars is from Honolulu, in Hawai.
He is medium-height, thing and mixed race.
His mother is from Flipinas and his father is from Puerto Rico.
He is extremely good-looking with brown eyes and short curly hair.
His smile is very beautifull, when he smiles the world shines.
He is one of my favorites singers in the world.
He's very friendly and a happy person.
In the concerts he goes with the people on many occasions.
He was a young man when he made his first songs.
In 2010 he released his first album "Doo-Wops & Hooligans".
His songs better know aorund the world are Just the way you are and Grenade.
His music are very special because there are many types og music genres.
A description of a place.
My favourite place is one of the islands in the south of Portugal.
The name of this island is Tavira.
It is small and to get there, you have to travel for 30 minutes by boat.
There are a lot of beaches, where the people go to swim, walk or surf.
There are a lot of surfers in the sea beacuse there are good waves.
It is very relaxing and everywhere is very clean.
On the coast there are a lot of different kinds of restaurant.
I particularly recommend you visit this place beacuse the views are so spectacular.
You can see some fantastic things on this island!
My life
Today, I'm going to speak about my life.
It is very small because I am only 17 years old.
It's not an incorrect sentence, but it sounds unnatural. It would be better to say, "There's not much to say, since I'm only 17 years old."
I was born in Gijón, a coastal city in Spain.
I was born in Gijón, a coastal city in Spain.
When I was one year old my parents separated and I started to live with my mother in Fuerteventura, one of the Canary Islands.
When I was a year old, my parents separated. I moved with my mother to Fuerteventura, one of the Canarias Islands.
In this island lived one year after become to Gijón 
I lived on this island one year before moving back to Gijón.
Today, I'm living in this city.
I have one brother, he's 15, and two sisters, they're 24 and 14 years old.
My older sister is studying Medicine at the University of Oviedo, the capital of Asturias.
She is a good student but I study less than her. 
She is a good student, but I don't study as much as her.
My other sister is studying at school and next year she goes to high school.
My other sister studies in school, then next year she will go to high school.
My future
Hi everybody, today I want to talk about the day that I passed in the University of Barcelona.
It was very useful for me to think about what I want to do, what things I like most, what I can study in the future.
Furthermore, I had a chance to meet some very nice people who study in this University and they helped me a lot with my confusion.
First, we arrived at school and we went by bus to Barcelona.
I had a good time on the bus because I talked with a lot of people that I never talked with before and I learnt new things about them.
I laughed a lot with Nicole, Alex, Adrian, German… 
Second, we arrived at the University and we went to our expositions and I went with Nicole who was in the same class.
But, when they finished this exposition we had to go to different classes, so I went with Nicole l to her class and then I hurried to my class to listen to my exposition.
They repeated the introduction of the first power point and I didn´t like this very much, but in fact, when they talked about all the languages I felt nervous and I wanted to study a lot of things.
Before the second exposition, Nicole and I met a boy who is studying there.
He said that he wanted to do Japanese, but he couldn’t because his note was 8, 1 and another boy had 8, 2, and that boy comes from Alicante.
I disagree with that, because he only came to do Japanese, because where he was living didn’t do it and then, he couldn’t do it.
Furthermore, He is trying to change to Japanese now.
In conclusion, at this moment I don’t know what I want to do in the future, but I know that I want to do something that I really like and to continue studying languages always because I love it.
My hometown
I believe that my hometown, Puerto de Sagunto, is a boring place if you are a teenager and you live there in winter.
But despite this, it is the best place to stay in summer.
Puerto de Sagunto is a seaside town where people have a good time doing many things.
For example, dancing, swimming, playing sports, going to concerts… As for nightlife, I think that there are not too many places to go, only two or three discos.
It seems to me that it happens because people prefer to drink near the beach paying for cheaper alcohol.
Furthermore, in winter it is quite cold so you can’t go swimming.
To sum up, it’s a beautiful place or a boring place, depending on one's point of view.
A formal letter
First of all, I want to say what I have written is t not true.
And thanks for your corrections ^^
Formal letter:
       4 Crhistin Street
       Birmimgham C17
May 14, 2011
Mr JYP entertainament
44 Down Street
Barcelona
Dear Mr JYP,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a new secretary in the agency.
I am really interest in it and I would like to apply for this job.
My qualifications include a mastery of British English and French.
My fmother tongue is Spanish and Catalan, and I am also learning Chinese and Korean.
I know that languages are very important for this job is (as you indicated in your advertisement) and that’s why I am learning all of these languages.
I would be happy to attend an interview and ask some question that I have.
I would appreciate any information you could give me regarding remuneration, who my fellow workers would be, and if this job requires travel .
Frequent travel would not be a problem, but I would still be grateful for this information. 
Please reply to me as soon as possible. 
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours Faithfully,
Maribel Molinos .
My Views on Medicine
We (my family) are having a great battle against viruses these last few weeks.
Firstly, one of my sons got gastroenteritis. My daughter caught a cold and passed it to her brother and her mom. I also got gastroenteritis. It lasted 15 days.
So, what is my opinion about medicine?
Well, there is not much medicine can do for a gastroenteritis, just a soft-food diet. In general, I would say that I believe in a mixture of traditional medicine and alternative medicine (in my case, homeopathy).
I think that in many cases, traditional medicine works and it's necessary, but I also think that homeopathy works for some kinds of situations and it's more natural. There are also not as many contraindications or side effects.
I'm not crazy about alternative medicine and I don't believe in miraculous cures neither, but I must say that it has worked for me and my asthma.
I didn't have serious asthma, but traditional medicine continued to provide me with spray products that were quite strong but didn't work for me.
After trying homeopathy for the first time, it virtually solved my problem in less than a couple of years.
Now I don't take anything and I can hold a normal life.
It's true that I would not be able to take part in the Olympics, but I found a solution that traditional medicine did not.
Places to visit
I would like to say that there are just a few places that I would like to go to, because that would mean that I've already visited a lot of places.
Unfortunately, that's not true. We can also say "that's not the case".  What you wrote is just fine, though :).
I'd like to visit so many places in the world, that I am sure I will not have the money, nor the time to do it.
However, there are a couple of places that have recently aroused my interest: New York and San Francisco.
I have never felt any particular desire to visit the USA more than any other country, but last year I helped a friend (who is an English teacher here in Spain) prepare a project for high school students about US cities.
So I read a lot of things about approximately 10 cities.
And among them, I discovered a lot of interesting things about those two.
I also used to listen to a podcast by a man who lives in San Francisco and, of course, he talks a lot about the city. To be honest, I get confused about when you write "use to" and when you write "used to", but I'm pretty sure it's "used to" in this case :).
Who knows?
Maybe next year I'll get to travel to the USA. Just fyi, in spoken language it's more normal to say US than USA.  
Introduction for a photo book (part 2)
This is me and my wife, Marta, in our second trip to Ireland.
This is me and my wife, Marta, on our second trip to Ireland.
I would have loved to show her the West coast of the country, but 4 days was not enough for that, so we just stayed in Dublin.
On the third day, we bought a day ticket for the DART (Dublin Area Rapid Transport), and we travelled to the surrounding villages outside Dublin.
In the morning we went to the South and we stopped in Killeney and Seapoint.
In the afternoon we went to the North and stopped in Raheny and Sulton.
All Dublin pictures, except 4 or 5 that I shot in March when I arrived in Ireland before going to Galway, were taken in September 2009.
Almost 200 hundred pages read this weekend
Wow!!
I’m really excited!
This weekend I went, with my wife and my two kids (they’re 19 month old twins), to my parents-in-law’s second home in the countryside (it’s two hours driving from Barcelona).
The idea was to be able to have a bit of rest (you know, grandparents help with the children) and also to work a little.
So I brought my laptop but....
Oh no!
In the rush preparing things to leave, I forgot my pendrive with all my work in my desktop!!!
So what did I do?
 Well, fortunately I had the book I´m presently reading, and also my iPhone with the audiobook version: Deception Point, by Dan Brown.
Oh my God, I can’t remember reading/listening so much in just two days!!!
I was on page 154 when we left Barcelona on a Friday afternoon.
Friday afternoon, when we left Barcelona, I was on page 154.
Sunday night, when we came back home, I was in page 340. I was on page 340 when we came back home on Sunday night.
Sunday night, when we came back home, I was on page 340.
So altogether almost 200 pages read in English and also almost 8 hours of audiobook listening!!
I’m really happy!!!
And I’ve discovered that reading while listening is really fantastic!!!!
Introduction for a Photo Book (part 1)
The pictures for this book were taken in March and September of 2009.
The pictures for this book were taken in March and September, 2009.
The first time I visited Ireland, I spent a month in Galway and I did some really nice trips during the weekends. I went to the Aran Islands, Achill Island through Connemara, Westport, Newport and the Ring of Kerry.
The first time I visited Ireland, I spent a month in Galway and I went on some really nice trips during the weekends: the Aran Islands, Achill island via Connemara, Westport and Newport, and the Ring of Kerry.
I was very lucky on all three of the trips because the weather was great, and being Ireland, this was really exceptional!
One might ask why I decided to do this book in B&W, considering that Ireland is such a colourful country with such gorgeous sceneries.  
This is the first time that I used monochrome for landscapes other than with people.
Indeed this is the first time that I have used monochrome for landscapes or for anything other than people.
I had so many pictures and was looking for a different point of view. This is the result!
I want to travel to canada
When I get older I want to travel to Canada because I would like to know the country where I hope to spend the rest of my life. If I see that Canada offers the opportunities that everybody says it offers, then I am going to go back to to my country and apply for a permanent resident..
as long as  the assesment is evaluated, I will try to save all the money I can to settle down in that country and have a great life as to me as to my childrens.
I like writing about personal matters: Oscar Pistorius & Nick Vujicic
The human beings are for nature very stupid,
cruel, braggart, fool and so on.
But there are human beings who are extraordinay, special,
remarkable and so on since they are a terrific model to follow
and take as an example for living.
Nick Vujicic, is an Australian motivational speaker,
preacher and christian orator who is an exeptional man...
I will tell you why:
He is a guy who is without limbs, Yes, as you had read/listened it,
the day he was born, he was born no arms and no legs
with just a little, deformed "left" foot with which he does
everything.
There is no medical reason why this happened.
First time I have known his story my pants fell down,
literally and metaphorically due to his story was more that
just heartbreaking and sorprising.
He slowly and instantly changed the way I am, the way I think
and my life.
It is surprising watching all the people who give up easily
and leave their accomplishments because they feel that
it's to much or there's a long way to go or you have a heavy burden
on yor back; so they may even say:
"I can't do it"
"I can't anymore"
But instead of that they should even say:
"I was afraid, but no anymore"
"It is quite heavy, there's a long way to go but I will accomplish it"
or
"I will do it"
I mean, the Nick Vujicic's example is more that just perfect
to follow and to be leaded by his model.
As you can imagine he faced a lot of troubles and obstacles
during his whole life and in his life's nowadays.
I cannot imagine how hard his life was, specially when he was a child.
He himself has said that during his childhood was thinking and 
considering suicide.
The bad bullies at the school always
threat him, insult him, mock him, laugh at him and so on.
But he always tried to ignore these words and hardly did it.
He's in fact has graduated in Accounting and Financial Planning
and is and expert on it, bedides his story has touched
a lot of hearts around the world.
When he was cosidering suicide
he realised that his actions and all the things he accomplished
was the motivation, inspiration, impulse and impetus
for a lot of people who felt depressed, miserable and sad.
------------
Yet...
There is another remarkable example of another person
who really wants to accomplish everything he put forward himself,
Why do I use HIM?
Because he's another man whose story was also
amazing, not as heartbreaking as Nick's nevertheless it still being awesome
and outstanding.
I give the same arguments which I gave when I wrote
in the part I spoke about Nick.
He was born with legs without calf bone and ankles
and the specialistic doctors suggested to cut these
legs due to they think there may be complications with
the rest of his bones.
On the begginig everything was fine, a few months later
he had his first pair of prosthesis, (as you can see in the picture I put)
but just as it happened with Nick the bullies at the school
mock him, insulted him, laugh at him.
But for him this really was never an obstacle,
since he had a sixth sense for sport and he has practised
a big number of them, right now hes practicing atheliticism
where he has obtained, gained, won and get a good number of prizes 
and a lot of achievements.
Nevertheless Oscar still having a hard life in these nowadays
because there have been  unfair proves on his prosthesis
due to the idea that they give him unfair advantage
on the races.
------------
"The day you belived you have reached your full potential
is the day you have not, because you still having today"
NICK VUJICIC
"I am not an invalid, I just do not have legs, besides
everyone has a disability, the worse ones are those on spirit"
OSCAR PISTORIUS
"A loser is not who lose the race, is who sits, watches
and never tries to run"
A letter from OSCAR PISTORIUS' MOTHER to him
(These are words said by him, during a conference in 2006)
Now, how big and great are you?
How big are things which give you sorrow, fear and loneliness?
Keep life in perspective
And if you say:
"I can't"
"I give up"
"It's impossible"
"I am not accomplish it"
"It's hard"
You can do three things
1.- Take Nick's and Oscar's example and say "I CAN DO IT"
2.- Give it up, surrender and being stupid and miserable
3.- Throw yourself into a deep abyss for being stupid and pessimistic
----
Just as I said in the another text I wrote before this one:
"Better I stop before I star writing a new little novel"
Lucky scape
There are people who are born with star
but another people are born crashed.
(Here I use my small vocabulary in order to try to translate
an untranslatable joke in Spanish about the lcuk)
I for example have been a fortunated person in the sense that
I feel thankful with all the things in my life.
Ia have a wonderful, nice, friend who is my doggie HUESOS,
I have a good family that cares about me,
I am studying seven languages,
I can read any book from the huge library of my university
and I have still been alive.
Personal opinion about a general matter: The environmetal taking care and the kids raising / breeding / mannerliness
Last week I read a text which was very interesting, I am not denying it,
in spite of the fact that it had a few mistakes of writing
(the author wrote it in Spanish and it is not his/her mother tongue)
the theme was very well developed and it has had good arguments
and the author has a lot of good feelings about the life as we know it.
Now, personally, this matter of taking care of the natural environmental
is a matter/issue/subject/affair which belongs to everyone around the world
because as long as we still hurting the planet with all the stupid things we still doing, such as pollution, cutting trees, killing animals just for fun,
kicking dogs, sale animals and much more, we will sure kill not only the planet
we will be killing ourselves.
A lot of people say that we must save the planet
in order to leave a good and better world to our children,
the kids of our children,
for the newborns of the kids of our children,
and for the sons of the newborns of the kids of our children...
This is a good thinking idea, but in my opinion it's 
a little bit shallow, and I will explain you why...
Little children, are just like an sponge,
they absorb everything they see and keep it on their minds
and it's hard to pull it out from it.
Let's imagine a couple who has just had a baby,
if the parents are reading lovers
and love animals so much that they
take care of a lot of dogs, cats and other animals
there is a very big probability and potluck
that the child develops an early love
for the reading and also he would develop
a big love for animals so when he grows up
he would never hurt even a fly.
On the other hand......
Let's imagine a couple of parents,
who had just had a child and 
they are mads, alcoholics, smoke a lot,
the father constantly go to whorehouses and brothels,
he is the one who drinks until he goes beyond the wasteland,
the mother is an ignorant who has a job without future,
she is the one who smokes the whole day
they could even sale themselves as sluts in order to get some drugs,
think about a boy with a family such as this one I have described,
there may/can/would be a lot of chances that the kid
becomes an alcoholic, a mad smoker, a whorehouse worker,
any kind of criminal we can imagine.
(Nevertheless, this is usual and can happen most of the times,
this is general and there are exceptions, such as
there is a girl, whose story i read on a magazine, 
an unstopable insatiable irrepresible hunger for knowledge,
who was remarkable,
very good student, terrific undergraduate and all good things
you can imagine in a good student
and despite all this, her family and his house was like a brothel:
his father drinks a lot, her mother is always scared.)
(There was even a time in which she was raped by her father
and the next day her only interest was to give her homework
to her teacher)
My point is we shouldn't so much
"Leave a good world to our children",
this is also something advisable
but it would be much much much better
leave good sons and daughter who take care,
tend, nurse, groom, fondle and look after
the whole world.
This is a person who appears also in this website as an user as me,
and despite the little mistakes s/he did on her/his writing,
(it is Spanish, so it is understandable the little mistakes)
it was heartbreaking and it made me think a lot.
I just love writing and I will discuse it on the stories,
essays, thinkings, tales, chronic and etc.
Actually this is one of the topics I like to discuss
usually and occasionally on my writings.
I will comment a little part of one of my writing:
There is a part where a Swedish (I don't remember so 
good the nationality of this little fill character)
student insults and pretends to kick the dog of my Russian
character, whose name I'm not saying, and doesn't say to much,
but my Japanese character, who is a girl, instantly get upset and wrathful
and left this student half dead by just using her arms and legs
to punish him and a little stone with which she broke his nose.
"Fine, that's all.
Better I stop before I star writing a new little novel."
Spain champion soccer Sudafrica 2010
Today Spain got its first championship in soccer, I'm not of Spain but I'm a fan of they but my country's team doesn't classified to this event and my country Peru has a cultural relation with Spain.
I hope Peru will be in the next World Cup Brasil 2014 :)
Hello
I'm new here.
This is my first post.
I want to write and to speak English well, but I know I make better my English!
Hello!!
Hello, My name is Oscar.
I am 27 years old and I think that I should write very well english.
But I haven`t work so hard for improving my grammar.
So, since now, I would like to write three times every week in lang-8.
Slowly I will improve my english grammar.
Thank you very much to everybody.
I am living in Japan
Thi is going to be the first time that I write in lang-8.
And I want so tell about my life in Japan.
What is the reason that I am here, in Japan?
This is my history.
In 2009 I was living in Toronto studying english.
And I was doing something else, my best hobby.
Almost every day I used to go dancing salsa.
And, one night I saw somebody and she was dancing very nice.
I wanted to dance with her.
So, I decided and I asked her "do you wanna dance".
Usually couples only dance one song but with her (her name is Miwa), we danced almost seven o maybe more.
That was very special.
And?
Well, Miwa is from Japan and she went to Toronto for one week for vacation, and specially for dancing salsa.
Tha was my best week in Toronto, we spent fantastic, terrific time together, altought the weather was very cold.
That happened at the  first week of dicember of 2009.
When she went back to Japan and me to Mexico, we kept contact by messenger.
Almost every day we were chantting.
We didn`t know what is gonna happend between us.
One day she said " I want to go to Mexico".
And she really did it.
We spent another two wonderfulls weeks together.
We were traveling in a car around Mexico.
We visited Guanajuato, Paztcuaro, Morelia, Uruapan and others cityies.
I need to go.
I will finish this in the afternoon.
I am going  to say a speech
The next weekend I am goint say a speech.
The reason is that we are going to celebrate three things at the same time: valentine`s day, Costemia`s anniversary and My weddings.
So, my female friend is going to translate my speech to japanese.
I would like to know if the speech is fine.
Here is speech.
I want to say thanks to "the life" for being today here, in Japan, with Miwa.
Thanks to Miwa I realised that with effort, believing in oneself, everything is possible.
"Miwa, the life bring to us special gifts and you are my best gift that I have never received.
Our life started in Toronto even when we did not know.
I can say that I was waiting for you.
Do you remember it?
And when we were far away, you always believed in our relationship that today we are together.
Miwa, you are a very special person.
I am so happy because you are my wife.
We know that for being couple we need to respect eachother, to have patience and something very important, being the best friend".
Every one need to know this.
Like every couple, sometimes we fight.
However, even when she is mad with me, I am Happy for being in Japan with you, Miwa.
"Hi, so desu"
Maybe  somebody is thinking "Sogoi, Oscar is speaking japanese".
Yeap, I am speaking japanese but this is posible because Hana, Suki, Hiroe, Chana and Mimami.
Thank you very much
And I want to say a very special thanks.
KYOKO thank you very much.
Maybe without your help, today I could not be in Japan.
Kyoko, you know the reason.
And Thank  everyone for come to the Costemia Anniversary, Valentin`s Day and Oscar and Miwa Weddings Party.
Maybe almost everyone  knows that I met Miwa dancing salsa in Toronto.
And today, one more time, we are going to dance together.
And This  is for all you for being  sharing  a this special moment.
Thank you very much.
And now, Let`s go to dance salsa.
my first history
Hi my name is jazmin, i'm from chile and have 15 years old (;, i'm very happy girl i study in liceo jose miguel infante and would like you help me with my english for the class with miss lorena c:
Introduction
Hi, I'm new here.
I'm from Santiago, Chile
I study English in school but I'm not very good.
Nice to meet you!!
Pam adventure's
Hello, today write the new story,I written this story because is a English's homework.
Pam was the younger sister of the Cheschire King but she had lived in the park because her older brother was a terrible king.
He killed people.
Pam hadn't has any friends.
People thought that she had become crazy but the truth was that she hadn't happy because the people said:"she is crazy, is a bad girl, is the younger sister of the terrible king"
When Pam decided to go an other town, nobody said good bye!!!
Pam visited the "Lost Town" where the people were very happy, they always smiled.
The king of the town was a clown, he had sung in the morning for wake up a somebody in the town because he believed that people should smiles for that never cry because the people that cry is very weak.
After that Pam talked with the clown, he hjad cooked "smile cookies" for Pam so she could smile but she didn't smiled.
The clown had decided to force Pam an smile.
However Pam ran an other town.
In the new town "Chronos Town" people never smiled.
They thought that to  smile was for desperatly clowns.
People had preffered to watch tv or worked.
They didn't liked the things very easily, they loved the thingsfluently.
Pam decide to come back an her town but she discovered another town where the people never smiled and never watched tv.
In this town people thought that the world didn't need tv or false smiles, the world post being helped for somebody but people had killed an from other towns because they thought that the other towns because they thought that the other people were terrible criminals.
Finally Pam decided  come back in her town because she didn't liked the other towns, her town didn't perfect but she was very happy there.
Her town might being the best if she carefully to wish.
Introduction
First of all, The first exercise I've been doing everytime I start a new English course.
Just to follow the traditions.
My name is Rafael and I'm thirty-nine years old.
I was born in a middle town in Spain called Elda, in the province of Alicante, but nowadys I live in Bétera, near the city of Valencia.
I have lived in several cities around Spain, due to my job.
I'm a civil serveant for the central (maybe I should say federal) governement.
I am married and have two children: a four-year old girl and a four-month old baby boy (what a coincidence; I didn't notice untill now).
I like reading (or at least I liked when I had time to do it), listening to music and computers.
I suppose you can say I'm some kind of geek (or I would be if I had enough money).
Now I want to improve my English, first because I need it to potentially acquire a promotion at my job, and second because I've always thought that learning a language is a great way to open your mind and to be able to better understand other people.
In the future I would love to travel to other countries. Sounds more proper. 
I'm not ambitious, I would conform with knowing Europe better.
, I would conform with knowing Europe better. You're ambitious if you want to travel to other countries and learn a new language, so you used it incorrectly. 
I hope that when the chidren grow, my wife and I would be able to do it.
That's the first one, without preparation.
Thank's in advance if someone is so kind to help me.
Education in Spain
Why did I choose today education as a subject?
Maybe because as a father whose child is finishing kindergarten I'm concerned about what my daugther is going to be taught in the following years.
And because I realize, now that it has become my problem, that nowadays education in schools needs to face several challenges to be useful for children and for society.
Of course I'm not an expert, and without doubt I'll be inaccurate and subjetive, but I'm going to talk about how I percieve the situation.
First of all I think we must face the fact that the problems are not going to be solved by changing the curriculum if we don't help teachers to adapt themselves to it.
For instance, we are increasing the teaching in English in primary schools with the same teachers.
I think that change needs, at least, formation programs for teachers.
PRESENT
HI MI NAME IS MONICA.
MY IDEA IS TO LEARN ENGLISH .....
hi
How are you? I need to learn English, so help me.
Please plaese help me!!!
Hey sorry to write something so long, but I really need a brief correction before sending it, I will really apreciate your help!!!
The Role of the Youth for Achiveing the Cairo Agenda:
 Egypt has proposed a model to be followed by other nations, specially those who are also part of the developing countries and  have similar goals to reach, like control of their economical growth, life standars improvement, respect for the human rights and a better education and health levels.
As the youths from around the world get to know better the propositions made by the Cairo Agenda we will be able to better apply them in our own comunities affecting with this the development of international comunities aswell.
 Depending on our own original countries, cities and circumstances we have new perspectives of analysis determined by the different times, geographic places and ideologies under which we have been educated, and therefore complement the proposals already formulated by the Cairo Agenda, we, the new generations live with a different disposition before the problems from the world.
And depending on our own different abilities we can contribute to reach the objectives and be part of the solution to these problematics.
 Our places of origin are different, and present different problems that  are treated with different Solutions.
It is necessary to spread internationally this problematics, exposing the situation of each of our own countries and to act like agents of change, learning about new solutions from different points of view to reach the proposed goals.
 Nevertheless, the world undergoes a continuous and inevitable process of globalization, and each time more and more, the human kind, functions like a unique global community at world-wide level, and, no matter the geografic distances we depend on each other to construct a society that respects the values and necessary principles to secure an existence with better life quality, and to assure a future where the differences and individualities are included, supported and respected.
 In just a short time we will be the responsible to provide  solutions to the health conflicts, population growth and poor life quality and dignity , for that reason it is important to adapt us to the new exigencies of International crisis; In the youth lays the responsability and capability of  interchanging and spreading the information to come up with the solutions for an optimal population grow as well as dissease prevention, since youth is a segment of the population strongly affected by sexually transmitted diseases.
 
 We are the direct link to the next generations of children, who require to be educated from as early as possible under the values of respect, gender equality, non-violence, cooperation and measures of hygiene among others.
 We can also be a connection between privileged citizens and those  who do not count with the necessary means to solve these problems, or are not aware of the solutions that the global societies are carrying out to face and to contribute to develop life qualities, we are a key link between the problematic premises and the resources to solve them.
My sister arrived the day before yesterday to japan, she is in tokyo and yesterday we takled via Skype, I´m going in ten days and I am practicing kanji everyday to be able to read.
I think Japan is too cold this time, What should I put in my backpack??
In Mexico is warm and nice.
I wait nervously, I will be able to see the cherry bloom, I´m happy
what should i do?
hello.
last thanksgiving day i danced with this lady.
she had told me    before that she really likes me.
and i like her so bad too.
as we were  dancing, in one of the turns we came so close that i could feel her         breath.
i will never forget that moment.
the other lady whom she came with had to leave, so i offered to take her home.
she said ok.
once in the car i kissed her.
from that day on we seeeach other whenever we can.
we fell in love.
I think of her every moment.
every day i send her a text message, but some times she would        not answer some of theme.
I thik i have to stop sending text              messages.
she love her husband.
and although i don't want her to take me out of her heart, i think this is the best thing to do.
UNA GUIA
ME GUSTARIA SABER COMO INICIO EL APRENDIZAJE DEL IDIOMA .
GRACIAS
ayudenme a revisar mi tarea de ingles. todavia tengo problemas con la gramatica. gracias!!! 
Dear mom and dad:
How are you?
I hope you are as good as me.
I hope that you are as good as me.
I`m having a lot fun here in Guanajuato.
Guanajuato is a state in the central highlands of Mexico.
Guanajuato’s mines are still among the richest-producing silver mines in the world, historically one of the largest.
The state also produces tin, gold, copper, lead, mercury, and opals.
...farm products, such as lettuce and potatoes.
It’s a wonderful place to visit because it has a lot of historical streets.
My sisters and I are staying in a hostel near Juarez Theater&nbsp;which &nbsp;is cheaper than a hotel and is very picturesque.
My sisters and me are staying in a hostel near of Juarez Theater which is very picturesque and is cheaper than a hotel. 
You shouldn`t have worried about us because we are doing good.
You shouldn`t worry about us because we are doing fine.
We went to the pipila and took some drinks and ate delicious food, typical of Guanajuato, like enchiladas mineras and other foods.
Well, I just wanna tell you that we`re very good and we`re having a lots of adventures.
Well, I just wanted to tell you that we`re very good and we`re having a lots of adventures.
I think that this trip is a great opportunity to have a better relationship with my sisters
We love you!!!!
English is too complicated !
English is complicated too!
I am Edwin From Peru and I live in Japan.
I studied english in lots of places in Peru, but only in japan I learned the little Iknow , maybe I speak bad english. but I speak fluently. I do'nt think I can undertand much and I don't think it is good.
I studied English in many places in Peru. In Japan I use the little I know. Maybe I speak English poorly, but I feel that I speak fluently. I don't think I can understand much.
Well I hope I can learn from this page!
and thanks for reading.
and thanks for reading.
and please try to correct me.
Hello again ^ ^ (English)
Hello 
My name is Elizabeth, but call me Yumi .
I love Japan, and I have studied Japanese & English.
I traveled to Japan to see arashi.
I traveled to Japan to see Arashi.
I love Arashi.
Arashi has many fans in Peru!
^ ^
Help me, pls.
I am a little shy but friendly.
The person I respect most in this world is Hideto "hide" Matsumoto, and yes, he's like second father to me.
I think I have nothing more to say, if you want to know me ask me something.
It's a bit of my personal description.
Ah, is Hideto Matsumoto in the picture, he is the best guitarist in Japan.
THE NEW YEAR
I WOULD LIKE TO IMPROVE MY ENGLISH SKILLS, THE LAST YEAR I SPENT MY HOLYDAYS IN NYC, AND I DID NOT FEEL CONFIDENCE AND MANY TIMES WAS DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND ENGLISH, IF SOMEONE WANTS TO LEARN SPANISH I AM WILLING TO HELP.
I want to learn English
All I want is to learn to defend myself in English
hello
i gabinalimon alck cosmetology e acunty
I am starting...
I have a lot time to learnEnglish, but I still feel like I have to improve.Is this what you are trying to say? { Although I have a lot of time to learn English, I still feel like I have to improve on what I have learned so far. }
I am very bad at speaking in English, but I write better in English .
So, I expect that with Lang-8, I can become to be a better English speaker.
Some help with grammar
Hello,
The following sentence is in the present passive voice:
1.- The money is spent on clothes.
My teacher says that I need to write that sentence in the conditional passive and the obligation passive.
I have no idea how to change it to these tenses.
Please, could you help me?
How Safe Is Your Hometown?
Last week something really sad happened here in Mexico.
52 people were killed in Monterrey City.
I was lifting some books and putting them on the shelf when I heard the news.
Members of the cartel "los zetas" burned down the casino "Royale" where these people were playing.
I can't understand why these criminals have done this.
They say that the reason could be because they did not want to pay the bribe.
One question I ask myself:"Was it terrorism?".
I don't know, there could be many reasons.
Whatever the reasons are, this is a tragedy and I'm still very sad.
Shortly afterward, 5 people were arrested for this crime.
These kind of things are happening in Mexico, for example yesterday 2 journalists have been killed.
Ugh, we can't live like this.
Therefore, we feel frightened.
People have complained about these acts, but we don't see answers from the government.
Fortunately, I live in the southern part of the country where it is much safer than the northern part.
My Health Problems (second part) 
I'm aware of my health problems and I admit to having bad habits,so I am going to try to exercise more often because I have a lot of time on my hands.
I have to come up with a clever plan to change these habits.
Last year, I used to go swimming, do athletics or play tennis. What do you mean by "do athletics"? We don't say that in the US.
My friends made fun of me because I always got hurt (It was either my leg or my arm and so on and so forth).
But this year, I became a real couch potato.
I'm considering going on a diet and buying new equipment like a new indoor bicycle and all that sort of stuff.
Without taking notice of the things I already have, I'll buy new things to motivate me.
I wish it was easy to begin practicing a new sport.
It always hurts your muscles and it's very daunting and tough at first.
Tomorrow morning I'll get up early and go out to run.
Aside from that, I'll lift weights in the afternoon.
I was told that drinking lot of water is very important because if you lose one percent of water during the exercise, your performance decreases 10 percent, so I need to drink water before, during and after exercising.
I found a marvelous website , www.
bodyrock.
tv (from then on I became a bodyrocker as she says), where you can learn tips and find fitness advice or workout videos.
I've learned a lot from Zuzana.
She knows a lot: I tip my hat to her.
You should check out her videos on Youtube because they're strikingly good.
Every time I watch her videos I learn something.
I really appreciate her exhaustive efforts to make us more healthy.
My goal is to raise the bar each day (with this I mean I'll improve every day, make sense?), and at the end of 2011 I'll be able to do the same workouts that I did in 2009.
As I get used to the workouts, I have to eat low-calorie food like fish. 
Of course lots of water, and no soft drinks or alcohol.
Which is quite easy because I never liked them to begin with.
Phrases
1.- Are elephants the biggest animals in Africa?
2.- I have told him a hundred times not to put his feet on the sofa.
2.- I've told him a hundred times not to put his feet on the sofa.
3.- Once in a while you arrive on time.
Letter For A Friend
Hi Annette!
The music is so beautiful!
I really liked it.
I'll try to get it as soon as I can.
I'm guessing the music is from South America.
I can tell you right away that it isn't Mexican.
I was struggling a little bit to figure out where it is from.
I think it's either Colombian or Peruvian.
I didn't read "Magic Kingdom for Sale, Sold!".
I guess it's a great book.
I read a little bit on the page of wikipedia.
Yes!
That is Couer de Pirate.
I love that song, I can listen to it over and over.
So, you grew up bilingual ehh?
That's why German is easy for you .
I think German is like Spanish, it has like 7 tenses and a complex grammar.
How many hours do you spend learning languages?
I always try to practice English for 2 hours each day but I think it's insufficient because I have trouble when I'm writing.
I'm so slow.
In fact,the other day I was writing this same message to you, and I almost lost it when I accidentally closed the window.
Ahggg, I was so angry.
Have a great night!
Alvaro.
It was corrected[2011-08-20]
This summer
I'd like to buy a new computer and some clothes.
I have no money with which to buy them.
However, I have no money to buy them with.
For that reason I need to work this summer .
I'm looking for a full time-job.
I'm looking for a full-time job.
I have had a summer job in the past.
Last summer my father kept me from buying a computer with the money I had earned.
Instead I bought several books and stuff for the house.
If I had money, I would buy a car.
I can't stand the old one.
It is supposed to be a great summer.
Please, can anyone help me with these phrases?
Hello, I just wrote these sentences but I don't know if they are right.
Can anyone help me?
I would really appreciate it!
Thanks!
1.- If I were you, I would go immediately.
2.- They would lend me the money if they had it.
3.- I didn't watch the football game, did you? Meaning, you didn't watch it via TV or internet. Or did you mean this?: I wasn't paying attention at the football game. This means you were in the stadium to watch the game live, but were distracted.
4.- If they understood English, they would go see that American movie.
5.- The lessons in the second book are harder.  
5.- The lessons are harder in the second book.
6.- The children wouldn't be ill so often if they didn't eat so much candy.
6.- The children wouldn't be ill so often if they didn't eat so much candy.
A Bad Day And a Long Night
I decided to write here in Lang-8 because I'm not sleepy.
Here in my town it hasn't stopped raining for 4 days.
Uhg, it's unpleasant.
Today for example, I woke up in the morning and I realized that the weather was terrible, without sun.
I had to be at work at 8:00, so I was in a hurry.
I got wet because I had to walk to the bus station. wWhen I arrived there the bus was full!
If had walked faster, I would have been on time.
I had to wait for another bus.
At last, I arrived to work 10 minutes late (worried and wet), so when I went to the building I met a co-worker (A very pretty girl  whom I really like) who asked: "What are you doing here?".
"As you can see, I'm going to work," I said.
"Didn't you call them to ask for your schedule?" she asked me.
"I didn't, I forgot to" I answered.
Then she told me that the schedule was changed yesterday.
It turned out that I didn't work today.
Ahgg!
I was so angry.
If I had called, I could have slept 30 more minutes and I could have stayed home instead of dealing with the weather.
I think I getting sick, I'm sneezing and coughing a lot and have a runny nose too.
Ugh.
After all that, I went to the coffee shop to drink some coffee with my co-worker.
Please, anyone can help me with this phrases?
Hello,
I just wrote these sentences,and I don't know if they are right.
Anyone can help me with this phrases?
I would really appreciate it!
Thanks!
1.- It must be almost six o'clock.
It's getting light to the East.
2.- I made great efforts to keep him from saying all the names.
3.- Why not did she want him to bet?
4.- Do you think that he will be able to lift that heavy rock?
5.- Anyone should be able to translate the sentences.
6.- I'd like to tell him that he's not right.
7.- You should decide what you want to do before you leave this job.
8.- They have had to tell her three times not to read other people's letters.
9.- The other pupils won't be able to go, but I will.
10.-They told you not to let the children play on the street, didn't they?
My Favorite Movies
I always read books or listen to music in my free time.
I also spend time walking on the streets of my hometown.
A few of my friends like going out to dance.
They really like dancing but it's not one of my main hobbies.
In fact, I don't like dancing.
It's better to say "I can't dance" hahaha.
Whatever the reason, I rarely dance, so I don't have to spend money on night clubs.
What I do like a lot is to see movies on the weekends.
When I go to the movies, I usually go alone because my friends and I can never agree on what movie we should see.
I recently saw a movie called "The Hurt Locker".
I think it's the coolest movie I've ever seen about war.
I don't know if it is boring, because it doesn't have special effects but it has a great story.
It was breathtaking to see how soldiers defuse bombs!
The mood and the feeling of the film are impressive, so it looked like real war.
Most people love movies like "Avatar", which I don't like very much.
I hardly ever see movies like this.
I remember being told about this film but I didn't pay attention to it.
I saw it anyway, but I left in the middle of the film.
I'm a little tired so I can't write anymore.
THE DECISION - Part two.
Well, he knew it. He looked at the clock on the wall and then he looked through the window again; he thought, 'someone is going to be happy today and someone else is going to be unhappy. Life is not fair, life is not right, you just must make a choice and sometimes it doesn't matter which choice you makeand someone else will still beinjured. It's not my fault. I didn't make the rules of life'.
Short stories 
THE DECISION - Part one.
By Dedalo.
He had not been there before that day.
It was the day when everything happened.
He was looking out the window, everything was quiet; he could not hear the noise on the street, just the silence in his room.
He looked for   this   special room away from all the annoying noise.
Beautiful silence, all that
he needed, just peace, peace in his mind.
He needed time to think; a couple of hours to clear his mind. There's always a struggle in the life of a man when he must decide between what's fair and what's right. The difference between the fair choice and the right choice is not always obvious; so this was the right moment to look inside himself, to look into the depths of his heart, and then wonder, "what must I do?".
His mistake is the misery of someone else, but there's not much time. Opportunities come only once and never come back again; they are like a wind that touches your face just once, the next current of wind is always different from the first .
you hate
You do not know how many hate for you
You are 
never anybody did that dangerous for 
as you did him
for that you hate
you play with my feelings
it has not name
you are horrible
you hate and i want never back
to see you
before you loved
I don'k now very much about Japanese music.
However, through "dorama" theme songs I've heard a lot of very good bands.
M favorite band is "Crazy Ken Band".
One of their songs is "Tiger and Dragon".
The first time I heard it, I couldn't understand anything at all, but I liked Ken's voice and style.
after that, I listened to "GALAXY", which is a stupendous CD.
I find Crazy Ken Band's songs very difficult to translate.
However, I can now understand more of "Tiger and dragon".
Would you help me out?
Thank you very much!
These are the lyrics:
"After coming out of the tunnel, I could see the sea, so..."
***I'm not sure.
Something about a stabbing and Mikasa park :)***
***I'm completely lost with this line.***
"I'm waiting for you, so come quickly."
"Hear my story!
Five minutes would be enough."
***Wild guesswork here:***
"Don't worry about the money I lent you."
***I'm not at all sure about this one.***
"After tenderly embracing your loved one, by the sea of Yokosuka, it's ok if you cry."
"¡Hear my story!
Two minutes would be enough"
"Because you are the only one I can tell the true story to."
***I don't understand this line.***
We glare at each other's back, even though we are not a Tiger and a Dragon.
Inside me, I battle myself.
***I don't understand.
Something about floating in the sea of Yokosuka***
***I don't understand...
Something about an electric jellyfish that looks like the moon?***
That is, I believe, the translation of the song.
What do you think?
Also, is this song famous in Japan?
Yesterday, I watched a Japanese movie; "All about Lily Chou-Chou".
I found it interesting, although very sad too.
There is no hope in this movie.
Terrible things happen to all the characters.
It is Yu Aoi's first movie, I believe.
She is my favorite Japanese Actress.
I think she is beautiful, intelligent and interesting.
I saw her for the first time in the "dorama" "Tiger & Dragon".
Now I'm watching her in "Osen".
Moreover, I'll watch her in "Camouflage".
All the Japanese movies I've seen are very sad.
”Dolls", "Kid's Return", "All about Lily Chou Chou" and the like, are very sad, tough, very good movies.
However, now, I'd like to see a japanese comedy movie.
Introduction
Hi, my name is Pablo. I'm from Buenos Aires, Argentina and I work in the financial services industry.
I was born in 1978, the Reaganomics era in the US. Basically the Reagan government was a fact of the failure on keynesianism politics.
Letters or numbers 
I had my last class of Information Law.
My professor told us the story of how he decided to become a lawyer, when he was at school he was good at maths and because of that his parents told him that he should study engineering so he started to study but he discovered that engineering wasn't a career for him.
That made me think about how people think to choose a career between letters and numbers and how some engineers only read manuals and tutorials but not newspapers or books. *
I love to read, I love it when I find someone who can talk about different topics: news, movies, medicine, etc.
There is nothing better than spending hours just talking.
I can't image me leaving books forever.
How can I correct Lang-8?
I haven't login for a while how my lang-8 windows is in spanish, I think this is good but few minutes ago I view in my profile this "Última entrada: Dentro de 10 minutos" my reaction was: o_O LOL.
Lang-8 predicted what I'm going to do LOL
I think I must be "Ultima entrada (o ultimo acceso): hace 10 minutos" but how could I correct Lang-8?
Someone know how?
Job interviews and illegal questions
I looking for a job, looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.
You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait someone to call you.
I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what is called illegal questions.
One of the most common illegal questions I get “what does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that it where illegal questions but I have to admit that wanted to say “Why do you care?
¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.
Other common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem telling that I’m 26, but it was annoying when someone look me like telling me “omg you can tell the job because you are 26, you are qualificated for the job but you are 26….”.
But the most annoying question I get was “where do you born?”, I found that a racist question then I get a lot of illegal questions, I remember that when the interview finish I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interview me) that I won’t work for his company even if he pay me one million of soles”.
I’ll have another job interview tomorrow, I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.
Job interviews and illegal questions
I am looking for a job. Looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.
You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait someone to call you.What did you mean? I think:After you send a resume or have an interview, you have to wait for someone to call you.
I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what is called illegal questions.Use either: ...what are called illegal questions.OR... what is called an illegal question.
Some of the most common illegal questions I get are “what does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that they were illegal questions but I have to admit that wanted to say, “Why do you care?
¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.
Another common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem telling that I’m 26, but it is annoying when someone looks at me like telling me “omg you can't do the job because you are 26, you are qualified for the job but you are 26….”.
But the most annoying question I got was “where were you born?”, I found that a racist question and I got a lot more illegal questions. I remember that when that interview finished I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interviewed me) that I wouldn’t work for his company even if he paid me one million soles”.
I’ll have another job interview tomorrow. I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.
I’m a star
I’m a star
Being a star sometimes is easy, sometimes is painful, would you be the one who will discover how to make me a girl again or you will always admire me without trying to get me?
you must try, maybe you have luck if not at least you tried.
I’m just a star who used to be girl…
(A poem or something like that XD, quite cursi I know n.
nU)
Hello
I want to update my profile info.
I hope you can help me.
About me:
I'm Rose, I'm 26.
I joined lang-8 because a friend told me that it could be a good way to practice my writing.
I've been correcting some Spanish writings and I need some friends to help me with me English.
I study System Engineering. Some people think I'm a serious person but I'm not.
I'm actually quite easy-going and I have a blog called "Rational or Irrational"(in Spanish).
------
what else should I add?
Female heroes
I love video games, the first thing I did on a computer was play a videogame, I'm not sure what was the first game I played; I think it was "alley cat".
Now, I don't have enough time to play video games; the last video game I played was Warcraft III.
Some days ago I read an article about female heroes, the articles talked about a quote from a chief of an important videogame company who said that videogames with female heroes doesn't have good sells.
I have to admit that most of the games I've played don’t have any female heroes but I think it is chauvinist to say that a game won't have good sales because of a female hero.
Sales do not depend on female or male heroes, but depend on if the game has a good story.
To my soulmate...
Dear soulmate,
Where are you?
I’m looking for you everywhere:
At the university, at home, in the street... Why I can’t find you?
Are you trying to meet me?
Have you ever tried to imagine how am I?
I tried to dream of you, but in my dreams I can’t see your face.
How can I know you are really you if I don't know your face?
Could you know who am I?
I hope so...
Please,
if you find me, hug me and don’t let me go.
I’m sure that I will try to escape; don’t let me do that.
Show me proof that you are you and I’ll stay with you forever.
But until then, I will be here waiting.
Your soulmate, Rose 
Abstract...a little help for a friend
Can someone help me?
I'm helping a friend with her abstract.
ABSTRACT
CRM is about capture, processing, analysis and distribution of data(like all types of systems) but with client total concern (what doesn’t happened in traditional systems.
The client is our data model.
For the present research, the client of the organization is the one who will purchase domestic appliances or furniture, the attention of the client necessity is the service, therefore the implementation of method involves, attention to the necessity of obtains a domestic appliances or furniture by a possible client.
---------------------------
to be continued...
To write or not to write? This is my question ...
I love writing. I write in my blog. I also write fanfics and other stories. I know that I will never be Shakespeare, but I'm not writing for fans or money, just for fun.
I love writing. I write in my blog. I also write some fanfics, and other stories. I know that I would never be Shakespeare, but I'm writing not for fans or money, just for fun.
I have to admit that when someone says that he or she enjoys my writing it makes me happy, but that is not my reason for writing.
I had to write in English, but I'm afraid it is not good enough to write something good.
I want to start with some entries in my blog in English :)
Job interviews and illegal questions
I am looking for a job, looking for a job is sometimes frustrating and sometimes annoying.
You have to pass one or the interview then and exam, and wait for someone to call you.
I have no problem with psychological interviews, but I have some problems with what are called illegal questions.
One of the most common illegal questions I get is, “What does your family do?” “Where do your brother work?” I didn’t know that they were illegal questions but I have to admit that I wanted to say “Why do you care?
¬¬“, now I know that there are illegal questions.
Another common illegal question is “How old are you?”, I have no problem saying that I’m 26, but it was annoying when someone looked me like telling me “omg you can tell the job because you are 26, you are qualified for the job but you are 26….”.
But the most annoying question I get was “where do you born?”, I found that a racist question then I got a lot of illegal questions, I remember that when the interview finish I wanted to tell the CEO of the company (who interviewed me) that I won’t work for his company even if he pay me one million of soles”.
I’ll have another job interview tomorrow, I will be prepared for legal and illegal questions.
Constructive critic Lang-8: usability problems
Hi I need some help to correct this entry!
The first thing that I have to say is that the idea of Lang-8 is fantastic!, Correct texts in your native languaje and getting help correcting your entries in the language that you are learning is a good aproach to practice the English writing, but I would like to talk about some usability issues.
In my opinion Lang-8 interface should focus on a few actions: writing entries and correcting others.
When you get into it for the first time you see a lot of information, links, menus, text, people, etc.
Wow, I needed a lot of time to find the basic options, where to write and where to find people to correct.
I can not see any organization to your approach.
Second, you don't give useful information or you have to improve the visiblity of it: how will I follow my progress?, How will you award my good corrections?, If I correct more entries, will I receive better and more corrections?.
You have to give me an extra motivation to help users.
I would appreciate more tips on the fly in my first interactions.
Another confusing issue is the Friends system, I don't think this bi-directional relationship is useful here, I would like to have a Follow system astwitter, more superficial, easy to add people (I don't want to ask anyone to be my friend!) and it would add a new reason to help other users: get new followers, anyway if the objective of this Friend system is to bring my "e-real" friends, they willl probably speak my same language, then it should be a secundary action, but it appear as your first menuoption .
Please focus: I can not see people using the Notebook area, photo album or making an intensive use of Groups. I would love to have a clean interface with direct access to reach my main goals.
Finally, I dont know the kind of entries that I should write, I mean, do I have to write to communicate something to the community or can I write any text that I want to correct?.
My impressión is that Lang-8 is pushing me to have a Blog, but what student probably needs is a source for textcorrections of any kind.
Anyway, I love the idea and I hope to stay here for a long time.
Introduction
Hi, this is my first post here and I'd like to introduce myself to all of
you.
I 've been living in Barcelona all my life.
I like the life here and 
it's very easy to get used to it.
Openminded people, good weather conditions, beach, snow...
you can practice whatever hobbie you are fond 
of.
I work in a bank and I'm an English student 'cause I like going on
holidays abroad and there, the best way to comunicate with others is
through English.
I sometimes use my English knowledge at work especially when I have
to exchange some documents/data with the Dublin offices, as my writing knowledge I also have to improve my fluency level.
My favourite hobbies are skiing, swimming, bodyworking and Karting (small racing cars), travelling, playing ps, attending sports events 
of the Barcelona Soccer Team with all its stars, F1...
it will continue
How Airplans Have changed People’s Lives
Through history, humans have been investigating and developing many kinds of machines in order to make our lives easier, mainly in the area of transportation.
As a result of that, now we find many options of transportation such as cars, trains, ships and airplanes that we use to move things and people around the world.
From all of these options of transportation, the airplane is one of the most important that has changed people’s lives in the war and communication.
The airplane is used in the war as a powerful weapon.
It started to be used in the world war one, and since that event airplanes are still used by countries to attack enemies, so airplanes have change the way how the war is conducted, turning it from a ground war to a complete air war.
Nowadays, countries of the whole world have a lot of airplanes because they are main forces in defending and  tools of observation.
Also, the airplane is used as an important link to connect countries.
Some time ago, many islands and countries were isolated from trade with others ones, being the ship and long travels the only way to connect them, but the airplane came to make easier the communication, no only carrying products and packages, also interchanging  cultural information.
The airplane has brought many advantages and changed the people’s lives.
These days, people can be in any place they want and send things that  travel thousands of miles in a little time, and that is possible because the airplane is a great instrument of transporation and communication.
Airplanes has changed our lives since it was created.
They give us a great weapon to face the enemies during wars and helps us to have the world comunicated.
I think that neither the wars nor the comunications wouldn't be the same if it wasn't for airplans.
Airplanes make the life easier and they will continue being an important influence on our lives.
Hello
My name is Andrea and I'm new to this community.
I'm hoping to learn English and Finnish ^^
Jonathan (a poem)
I want to sit down again
On Barfly’s sidewalk
To wait for
One-thirty in the morning
And a beer.
We were watching
Him being free
I loved him more when he left
But those days were beautiful
And ours.
We crazed suddenly Don't know what you mean by "crazed"-- went crazy?
On my
Nineteenth birthday
Before that you saw us for the last time
Two silhouettes and a bike
We love to see it written, but
Writing hurts us, you told me
And also some things about your father
I thought about both of you
Alone in the park
Jonathan, I’m writing
Right now
And it feels like
I could put my hand on your belly
And almost kiss you.
Conquer Chelsea Hotel, (a poem)
No, honestly I’m not okay
When I think about the hours
That cut and sewed you
And about your clenched fist
And I see so red
You don’t know
You will never
Know
(And I look at you.
As hard as I can)
The stitches
That we scrap now
Will germinate over scars
Just like the forest do
Over the graveyards
I moan and scream, I curse and pray
It’s nor fair
(I scrap your back, or maybe it’s you.
Kissing me)
I want to be
Bit by your adolescence
Your cock in your hands, hard
And you yelling at your father
Your anxiety, the one which was yours
Because you was alone
And your skinny legs
(I don’t cry, although I’m crying.
Violent as chopped heads)
I’d lef behind
The hugs and the hours
We have created
You and me, over the blankets
For having seen you grown
And hurt
(Every time, I think about it and close my eyes.
See that I do matter)
Then
You make sound
The music that is mine
And not ours
And stare while I cry
You say: When you’ll sixty, you ‘ve been here
You say: It’s okay.
We’ll buy cigarettes without money and conquer  Chelsea Hotel
(and I give up, because it’s you who talks, and it‘s like it should be)
below the worms (a poem)
I can fuck god
There’s no time
I can’t fuck with god when I see
Him trapped into your strange bones
Your bones coming out, escaping
From somewhere, below.
I can’t fuck anybody
I believe running over the night that begins
You’ve been so many years being
A white, a flaccid chrysalis
Disgusting
You, you, and somehow you’ve trapped god inside 
You don’t know, no one will tell you
But I gave you my best show 
Of whores and insanity
Burn yourself, but I didn’t yell it, and burn also
All the mornings, all your faith
Your desolation is such a big thing
You don’t know, you will never understand
But I screamed once
My scratched knees on the floor
For a dying, a creeping god
As me, like me, below me
I can’t look you in the eye, I can’t stand his coming
Sweden (a poem)
He thought about buying
He thought about buying
An old 
Rocking chair
And painting it
a very pale
Light blue It's not necessary to say pale and light... choose just one.
And sit down there, to see
All the loved things
That hide and fray
And hit
To return in waves
To apologize
For all that does not matter
Anymore
Fear him:
He’s also growing old
He thought about buying
He thought about buying
An old
Rocking chair
Blue, to 
Stick himself with its chips Stick? Chips?
And sit down there, to wait
For the rocking chair
Still moving
After his death,
And for the advancing of the clocks
That have torn him so many things
The clocks after he died
And would be
A great pity
On their tick tock
Horses (a poem)
She tore her skin
Stapled to the shadows of the canvas,
The girl.
And, despite the pulsing of the brushes Brushes?
That enclosed the horses
Undrawn
Sharp as a knife
The tub was a womb
And the milk, mixing with her blood
She plunged
Wearing stitches of paint
Into the orange water
Mornings passed so quickly
Any hand holding the brushes
Her body sculpted into the invisible helmet
Against her skull
So many horses’s hooves
Finally
Finally
Finally
Horses approaching 
Interview with tattoo artist 
Hello world!
I am preparing for my internship at an alternative lifestyle magazine and have to build a portfolio of articles and interviews.
Here are some questions I'm going to ask in my first interview with an absolutely great and inspiring tattoo artist.
any help would be wonderful!
I have read in many of your interviews that you define tattooing as “just a job”.
Currently, the attitude of most tattooists is that they are deities in an exclusive club formed only by a few lucky chosen ones.
Have you ever felt that tattooing was the center of your existence, the most important thing in your life?
Have you ever had that feeling of being a “lucky one” because of your job as a tattoo artist, or have you always seen it as just another job?
You are considered a brilliant tattooist, but you also have somewhat of a reputation for being quite “difficult”.
Assuming that you do not pretend and that is just the way you are, did that difference make it harder to acquire a reputation in the tattoo world or, on the contrary, do you think that you would not have been able to become what you now are without it?
Going back to the point of “what does tattooing mean”, do you consider tattoos to be a form of art?
What kind of true personal expression is possible with a tattoo?
You do not do any tattoos you don’t really like or want to do, so, How much can we know about you tough your work? I don't understand this question.
Speaking of influences, when a tattooist is asked, generally talks about another colleagues’ work. Are you trying to form a question?
However, in your case, I guess that it is not so simple.
What have been the strongest external influences on your work?
Finally, it is impossible to not notice your connection with everything related to another time, another era: your antique collection, your past interest with Native Americans or your studio itself, Elf When did it all begin?
Is that a way to show some kind of unconformity with the present?
Can you remember when exactly you started collecting antiques or you have us grown with it? I don't understand the second half of the question.
hello 
I'm now learning english(intermediate) and i would like learn french, I'm from colombia, I live in bogota, I'm twenty four years old..
hello 
I'm now learning English(intermediate), and I would like learn I'm from Colombia, I live in Bogota, and I'm twenty four years old..
I want to learn English. Help me, please!
I want to learn english, help me, please!!
My name is Arturo. I am from Lima, peruvian.
My name is Arturo. I am from Lima, Peruvian.
I like to play guitar and sing, but I can't practice all the time, because I work in System of enginering.
I like to play guitar and sing, but I can't practice all the time because I work in System of Engineering. 
I like playing the guitar and singing, but I can't practice every time, because I work in System of enginering.
I like playing guitar and singing but I can't practice all the time because I work in System Engineering.
my first message for all
Hi
Today i was late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I wait for tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 
Today be late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I am waiting tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 
Today be late to my work, my chief did not realize happily, I am waiting for tomorrow to come early, yesterday I saw a movie until high hours of the dawn 
lang-8
welcome to my lang-8
I´m omar, i´m 19 and i´m studying in apply linguistic 
Exchange language
Hi again, this time round I want to ask for someone's help who is learning Spanish. 
Hi again, This time I want to ask for help from someone who is learning Spanish.
I speak native Spanish, so if you speak native english we can exchange conversations by msn voice.I am a native Spanish speaker, so if you are a native English speaker, we can have conversations via MSN Voice.
For example, you can talk only in Spanish and if you make a mistake, I can correct you. The same for me. I'm only going to talk in english and if I make a mistake you can correct me.
Also we can speak same time only in spanish and same time only in english.Also, we could speak together in the same language.
My interpersonal skill for English is better than my writing however I need more practice. 
My English level of conversation is ibetter than my writing , but I need to practice a little more.
I don't mind if your interpersonal skill for Spanish is not very good, I think that if we work together, we can improve our qualities. 
I don't mind if your Spanish level of conversation is not very good. I think that together we can improve our abilities
If you are the sort of person that I'm looking for, please contact me.
Good day all people.
I Hate TV
Hi, here I am again.
This time I want to talk about TV.
I think TV sucks.
In the last while TV in Spain but really I think all countries have become crap.
All the time on TV there are programs of pink press, talking about the private life of socialites and many programs with no sense.
I really hate them.
So, 4 years ago I decided not to watch TV anymore, and what I found was that I'm better than before.
I've recovered the wasted time.
Now I have more time to dedicate to myself, for learning about the things that really concern me.
I can make good use of my time and I'm happy for that.
Many people spend time complaining about TV and those programs, but they continue watching them, creating a vicious circle.
The best solution in my opinion is to turn off the TV, or to look for something else.
My presentation
Hi, I'm Gus and I'm from Spain and this is my first item.
Hi, I'm Gus and I'm from Spain and this is my first entry.
I'm 31 years old and I've been learning English for 3 years , and I've been doing it on my own.
I'm 31 years old and I've been studying English for 3 years , and I've been doing it on my own.
So, I've never taken classes in English, but I spend a lot of time watching and listening to conversations in English, in audio, in movies, sitcoms, and so on.
So, I've never taken any English classes, but I spend a lot of time watching and listening to conversations in English, in audio, in movies, sitcoms, and so on.
When I was younger I studied French at school.
When I was younger I studied French at school,
But now, I know that to get a good level of speaking in any language it's not enough to take classes.
but now, I know that to get a good level of speaking in any language, just taking classes is not enough.
Learning a new language requires a lot of willpower, so if you don't have the necessary willpower or compromise, you aren't going to improve your quality of speaking and probably, in the end, you're going to give up.
To learn a new language requires a lot of effort, so if you don't have the necessary willpower, you aren't going to improve the quality of your speech and probably in the end, you're going to give up.
So in my opinion, the biggest secret about learning something is to compromise yourself with whatever you want it do, that’s what I believe.
So in my opinion, the biggest secret about learning things, is to compromise yourself with whatever you want to do, that’s what I believe. Sorry, I can't understand your use of "compromise" here - can you explain it?
Regards to everyone.
HELP ME TO PUT IN ORDER SOME WORD
THESE ARE THE WORDS: WHAT HAVE YOU DOING BEEN YOU I SINCE SAW LAST YOU
My answer was WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN DOING SINCE I SAW YOU LAST?
but It was wrong.
Please, could you help me to find the correct order and give me a short explanation.
Thanks
Manolo
Liverpool's Official Tourism Web Sucks!!
It's horrible!!
I can't describe it in one ord!
I can only explain it by yelling!!
really!
I'm going to the UK this summer, and since I'm spending so much days, and I'm done with everything in London, I want to visit another city.
The first city that passed by my mind was Liverpool.
Obvious?
I don't know but...
I'm regretting it!!
I did the same as with London: I went to the Official Tourism Web.
I can't find anything, though.
You go to something and they don't explain the most important things!!
No information at all!!
Only things like "It is great, fabulous, fantastic, important..."
Then, I saw a tag which had "Touristic Guide" written.
I thought "Fantastic!
The same as with London!
I'm saved!".
Wow, I can really be naïve!
This Touristic Guide was even worse!!
I'm freaking out, really.
And what's worse, I don't have plenty of time, since I'm in the middle of my final exams.
Really, this is driving me mad.
Improving My English
Since I came back from my holiday trip, I’ve been watching some Disney Channel series in English such, as Wizards of Waverly Place, Hannah Montana, and The Suite Life of Zack and Cody.
I’m doing it because I want to improve my English.
They are that kind of TV series that I wouldn’t watch, if they were in my own language.
Watching them in English, though, is quite funny.
Furthermore, I’ve been watching some films in English lately.
I hope this, and reading Harry Potter in English help to improve my knowledge of this language.
English Classes / England
Hello!!
How’s everybody?
Does everyone have exams?
I will soon finish them all!
Well, what I wanted to explain is my English classes.
Last week, I did two English exams.
In the first one, we had to write a summary of a given text.
In the second one, we had to answer a reading comprehension and we also had to write a composition.
When I finished the second exam, I realized something: not only haven’t I learnt anything this year, but I’m also losing my capacity of expression.
I’m really disappointed with my career.
I have six subjects, but I only learn something in two of them.
What’s more, my English and my Spanish are worse than before.
I’m planning to read a lot and to watch films in English.
I’d prefer to go to Ireland or Great Britain, though.
If I go there, I think my English would improve.
The problem is that I have to get my driving license and I have to go to my village.
I’d be free from the 15th July to the 29th July.
If I get my driving license, I’d be free from the 1st September to the 17th September.
Does anyone know anywhere where I could study/work?
If not, just correct my journal, please.
;)
G-Force
I saw this film yesterday.
It is about 3 guinea pigs and a mole that want to be secret agents for the FBI, since they’ve been trained for this purpose.
One of the makers is Disney.
The truth is that it is like a typical special agents movie: they are not recognized, they are prohibited from doing their job, and finally they accomplish a mission that no one else could do.
There are some pretty animals like the guinea pigs themselves or the mice.
I wouldn’t strongly recommend this film, but well, it has a few funny points and it’s not completely boring.
Is this sentence OK?
"being loved by so many people from who I'll be apart from now on"
"I am loving many people from whom I will be apart from now on."
Mobbing or workplace bullying
Mobbing is like bullying, but in the place you work.
I think it's more or less known in USA and UK, but in Spain, no one knows about it.
I mean, bullying is well-known and it does often appear in the news.
If you ask someone in the street, though, he or she will not know what you are talking about.
Why am I talking about it?
Because I know a person who suffers it and is struggling against it.
Few people want to help, though none of these are in her workplace.
Well, this person has two friends, but they also suffer mobbing.
Last week, a "letter to the editor" was publish in a newspaper, but not much was explained in it.
Also, in Spain there isn't any law against this kind of treatment.
She is writing a blog explaining what they do to her and how she acts against it: bajoelyugodelmobbing.
blogspot.
com
Please, visit it (it's in Spanish, though)
Help - Go To UK
Does anyone know any school/university where I can take a course of about 2 weeks?
I want to go to the UK in order to improve my English, and I want to meet English people and talk with them.
I don't know what to do!!>.<
I was thinking of taking a short course and stay in a hostel.
The most important thing is to meet people and talk with them.
The courses are not very important, indeed.
The most important thing is speaking!
So, if anybody knows where I can meet English people...
that would be a very important information.
Well, if anyone can help me, I'd be very grateful.
:)
What to visit in UK?
I'm going to England this July.
I will be spending 9 days in London, but I've got 5 days left to spend visiting other things.
I've thought about going to Liverpool.
There, I could visit the cathedral, the house where two of them lived, and...
I don't know else.
I have to look the Website, although it's difficult to understand.
What do you think?
Do you think I should visit 2 cities (which?), or is there any other city that has a lot to visit (like London)?
Starting New Year Course
Today is the 10th of September… That means that I have 10 days of holidays left.
My school year begins on the 21st September.
For some of you, it may seem quite late, but it is quite early, actually.
I’m at university and it used to start in October.
Now, though, since the education reform, we start in September.
First year students start their classes the same day that primary and secondary students start theirs.
For us, it’s a little bit frustrating, and it’s even more frustrating when you attend classes in which you do absolutely nothing.
Future... Acting
Wanting to be an actress is quite difficult.
Well, it’s not really difficult… What is difficult is to actually become one.
It's not only because there are so many people wanting to be actresses, or because you cannot play every role.
This is the last.
There is another thing you have to think of, if you want to be an actress.
You have to know where to start.
The truth is that I don’t know what I should do (apart from finishing my career).
This year, because of where my flat is, I have to study drama at the university.
Next year I’ll be living in a big city, so I’m sure I’ll be able to go to a drama school.
I’ll finish university in two years, if everything goes OK.
What should I do after that?
I cannot take a four-year-drama-school because I will be too old when I finish.
That’s why… I have three options:
1.
Stay in Spain, study for a master's in Drama Studies and look for a job.
2.
Go to England, study under a two-year master's program, and look for a job.
(Or look for one without studying).
3.
The same as in point 2, but in Los Angeles.
The best for theatre is England.
TV and cinema are in LA.
What’s better?
I don’t know… I just love acting.
Everybody's Fine (2009)
Today, I watched Everybody’s fine.
The first time I knew about it was when I was waiting for the subway.
There was a very big banner with the poster of the movie.
I thought it could be OK watching Robert De Niro, Drew Barrimore and so on.
This movie is about a man with four grown-up children.
He expected too much from his children and pushed them quite hard.
The one who listened to them was their mum, but she died 8 months ago.
This father decides to go and visit all of them, as a surprise, but he ends up staying in each house one day and every one lies to him.
After this trip, he learns some things about parents behaviour and relationships between fathers and sons.
This movie is quite slow.
I guess it’s just because the main character is slow, but this kind of movie needs things to be fast, or they get boring.
There aren’t many things to happen, really.
Also, at the end, it seems more like a documental on “how you should treat your children: what’s good for them and what is not”.
In short, I didn’t like it.
I didn’t feel anything at all with this film.
Just boredom and sadness for the way the father is treated (although I know it’s not his children’s fault).
A Christmas Carol (2009)
I have just seen the Disney version of A Christmas Carol.
As many people, I already knew the story written by Charles Dickens.
When I saw the trailer, though, I wanted to watch the movie.
I remember that it seemed dark and a little bit funny.
Later, I read something about it, although I don’t remember from which website, and it criticized the filmed because it wasn’t for children, although it was from Disney.
Anyway, I watched it today.
At first, it’s quite a usual one, but when Scrooge gets to his home and sees that type of aura on his door house… It gets pretty scary, really.
The appearance of his old fellow is not better: the sudden appearance after the noises and the silence, his sudden changes of mood, the appearance of a lot of ghosts after his disappearance… 
If this wasn’t enough, there are more horrible views: the dislocating jaw of the ghost (although it gets quite funny when he tries to talk), the ghost of the present dying, his skin drying out, turning into a skeleton, the representation of the ignorance turning to violence, the want turning to prostitution, all the madness involved in this characters…
I want to make something clear: it’s not like I think that it’s a bad movie.
I actually enjoyed it.
But… I’m not sure if I would want my little cousins to watch it.
Well, for grown-up children it might be OK, but… for little children… I don’t think so.
By the way, something I just wanted to say: the laughter of the ghost of the present drives me mad.
I hate it!
I couldn’t bear listening to him any more!
I’m lucky it ended.
The aura
This is my Spanish to English translation from a book to know about auras.
This is my translation from Spanish to English of a section from a book about auras.
Correct me :), thanks!
Introduction
The objective of this book is that you understand the meaning of aura and that you get the best tools to deeply understand your own auric field through meditation.
The purpose of this book is to help readers understand the meaning of auras and to equip them with the best tools to deeply understand their own auric field through meditation.
So, you can control your aura as you can control your body.
so that they can control their aura in order to control their body. Connect to previous sentence.
Clarification about chakras
Chakras are located in each auric body and are responsible of retaining and metabolizing the energy a body needs to work optimally.
Chakras are located in each auric body and are responsible for retaining and metabolizing the energy that the body needs to work optimally.
Each energetic body is different to another and has its own functions and reality levels, chakras will change their own function in each of them.
As each energetic body is different and has its own functions and reality levels, chakras will change their functions in each of them.
The seven Chakras we normally know about have different expressions, in accordance to the auric field in where they situated their presence.
The seven Chakras that we normally know about have different expressions according to the auric field where they are situated.
In fact we don't have one cardiac chakra, for example, but seven: one in the etheric body, another in the emocional body, another in the mental body, another in the astral body, etc.
In fact, we don't have just one cardiac chakra, for example, but seven: one in the etheric body, another in the emotional body, another in the mental body, another in the astral body, etc.
Usually the literature about this theme describes chakras from the emotional body as the only existing ones.
Usually the literature on this topic describes chakras from the emotional body as the only ones that exist.
The reality is different.
The reality is different, however.
In each aura layer , that has one level of specific frequency, we can check the existence of other frequency levels from seven chakras.
Introducing myself
Good evening, this is my second entry.
Today I've been thinking about what I could write here.
So I decided to introduce myself to you.
While I'm writing I'm drinking green tea.
I drink it every night because it's good for my health.
I've finished secondary school, but I won't start studying at the university until next year.
Before, I hadn't decided what career I would study.
But this year I decided to study psychology because I love analyzing people and trying to understand what goes on in their minds.
However, this year I decided study psychology because I love to analyze people and try to understand what goes on in their minds.
I consider myself a good person who loves enjoying life and spending time in nature.
In my free time, I really enjoy looking at the sky and the stars.
I think that there is a hidden message in them that is important to you and to your soul, but sometimes we don't realize it.
Well, this is all for today.
Tomorrow will be another day.
And I want to write.
See you soon :) 
My first entry
Hello everybody!
This is my first entry, and, to be honest, I feel a little scared.
Well..
I've been studying English for three years, but I think that I need to practice it more often. Or, "I think I need more practice."
I didn't know what Lang-8 was until my friend Martín recomended it to me.
I didn't know what Lang-8 was until my friend Martín recommended it to me.
Until now, I was just correcting entries of other members.
I think Lang-8 is a wonderful place to meet people, help them, and learn about languages.
Too much for today.
Correct me!
Thanks :)
The Black Cat (El Gato Negro)
Hello everybody!
Today I’ll write a Spanish translation of the book we’re reading in English.
The name of the book is "The Black Cat", and it is an adaptation of the original book.
The Black Cat (El Gato Negro)
You are not going to believe this story.
But it is a true story, as true as I sit here writing it - as true as I will die in the morning.
Yes, this story ends with my end, with my death tomorrow.
No vas a creer esta historia.
Pero es real, tan real como yo, sentado aquí escribiéndola - tan real como el hecho de que voy a morir en la mañana. This might be incorrect, but it's how I would have written it.
Sí, esta historia termina con mi final, con mi muerte de mañana.
I have always been a kind and loving person - everyone will tell you this.
They will also tell you that I have always loved animals more than anything.
When I was a little boy, my family always had many different animals round the house.
As I grew up, I spent most of my time with them, giving them their food and cleaning them.
I married when I was very young, and I was happy to find that my wife loved all of our animal friends as much as I did.
She bought us the most beautiful animals.
We had all sorts of birds, gold fish, a fine dog and a cat.
This is all for now.
Correct me!
Where is my head?
You would not believe what happened to me this morning.
I woke up at 6 like I always do. It's usually not necessary to say "o'clock."
Although the alarm went off, I was already awake. A phone rings; an alarm goes off.
I turned it off and I got up, feeling my bare feet on the floor.
It didn't bother me.
I like the cold touch of the wood floor under the soles of my feet.
For me, this is my first encounter with daily reality, something like a frontier between the world of dreams (and death) and the tangible world.
I walked down the hallway to the bathroom and, there, after pissing the beer from the night before, I took a shower.
I was hung over. The verb phrase is "to be hung over." You can also use it as a noun and say "to have a hangover."
‘Too much beer’ I thought, and I decided that a cold shower could be a fast, effective solution.
I put myself under the running water and to my surprise, the cold water shot over my head and fell straight on my neck.
Oh my God!
I had no head.
I had nothing on my shoulders.
Now, a few hours later, I’m in front of my computer and I don't know what to do.
I’m scared and I don’t dare try touching my head, but the reflection of the monitor confirms my suspicions: I’m a man without a head.
What can I do?
I had a monkey
I had a monkey and I really loved him, but when he decided to leave me I felt some relief.
I know that it sounds detestable, but it’s true: I was glad, maybe just a little, but I was really happy. I don't understand, "I was glad...but I was really happy." Glad and happy are synonyms.
Not that the monkey was misbehaving.
He behaved well enough for being only two years old: he cooked, he ironed, he cleaned the bathroom, he did the groceries, etc.
In short, he did all the tasks that monkeys usually do, you know.
In fact, I admit that I don’t remember how the washer works, but now this isn’t the issue here.
The issue here is that he became selfish and greedy.
The day before he left me I was very tired.
I was really exhausted.
I had been playing golf all afternoon with an old friend.
When I got home, I just wanted to watch TV: no dinner, no music, no monkey,... "Dinner" is a more standard word than "supper."
nothing, but the monkey said that he was waiting to talk to me.
He wanted to be paid for his tasks at home and he demanded more food.
‘THREE BANANAS!’ I said, surprised. ‘Are you crazy?’ I couldn’t believe it. ‘But you are a monkey, man, and everybody knows that monkeys only need one banana a day and NOW I’m giving you TWO a day.
Do you want to get fat?
Do you want high cholesterol and a heart attack?’ You can see that I wanted the best for him, but he didn’t come to his senses.
Sometimes it’s hard to talk to a monkey.
Well, in the end, he left me.
That’s all.
He left me because he wanted one more banana.
Christ, what a petty guy!
Fran
P.
S.
I guess he doesn't expect for me to pay him all the money I owe.
First post: Introducing myself
Hi everyone,
My name is Alfonso Arceo and I'm here to improve my English skills due to my job.
I need to become a fluent speaker because my job consists in taking calls from English-speaking customers in America and helping them with their issues.
I need to become a fluent speaker because my job consists of taking calls from english-speaking customers in america and help theme with their issues. Agree with above corrections.
Also, I can help you with your Spanish (Mexican).
So if you wanna talk and practice your Spanish (or English), please contact me between 9 am and 11 am (GMT -6) or send me a text message anytime.
P.
S.
What I did yesterday
What I am expecting from this post is to know how I am doing with my grammar, my vocabulary, and my english expresion.
So now I start.
This morning I went to work, my father has a place inside the local market so I go there and work as the cashier.
When I am at work there is not much to do, so I pick up my notebook and start to practice my hiragana/katakana, I hope some day be as good at that, so that I would go to Japan to sharpen my skills, my all life my dream was to work in international business and to be working all over the world, but now it seems so much like a dream, that much of the time I feel down unmotivated. Getting back to the main point, after I finished my work at my fathers place I took my computer and watched some anime material I did have in.
When I'm at work there is not much to do so I pick up my notebook and start practicing my hiragana/katakana. I hope that someday I can be good so that I can go to Japan to sharpen my skills. My life dream is to become an international businessman and to be working all over the world, but right now it seems like such a dream. So much like a dream that I often feel down and surpassed for such a dream I have. So getting back to the main point, after I finished my work at my father's place I took my computer and watched some anime.
Afterwards I met my friends, at a movie theater to see the movie "monsters vs alliens".  The movie was cool and perhaps had some random topics in it.
It was my first entrance thanks for reading.
Future
for anonymous: What do you mean by this?
This is another of my experiment in writing. I hope you will understand what I mean.
I am a 17 year old Mexican who has a very big expectation for life but...
Have I fulfilled my expectation in life?
Sooner or later I will leave our home.
As of now, I am already doing it.
When it is time for me to attend university, I shall leave my hometown and prepare for my future.
Isn't if exciting to choose which path to take for our future?
career... Why is this thing alone? What is the idea here?
I mean, why choose a career?
A further analysis must be consider.
And before you take a step, There should be a final glance to the outlook.
Why are you expecting from life?.
Do you think you have what ii takes to have it?
Well, that is all what I have to say for tonight.
Bye.
Your friend, Enrro.
Mexico, Soccer and Flu
Swine Flu in mexico has not only change the habits of our people but also foreigners . NOTE: one isn't needed.
Mexicans were not even acquaintance of surgery masks.
Until recently those were only used by housekeepers and the industry sector.
Now that the flu news spread all over the world Mexicans are  treat like leprosy.
As an example.
The mexican team of soccer "Las chivas" on his trip to Santiago, Chile, was severely discriminated by Chileans.
At the time they arrived the airport and when they went out the a mall in the same city.
They said that it was like:
Having a giant bubble surrounding them.
Done
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe
Hi everyone!
I have a big doubt, I hope you can help me with that.
Today in my English class my teacher said something weird when she was choosing a person to make a presentation.
She said: eeny meeny, mini, moe Catch a tiger by the toe If he hollers let him go...
What does it means?
I think it is a kind of rhyme.
In Spanish we have something similar that we use to select a person.
Our rhyme goes: "De tin marín, de don pingüé, cúcara mácara títere fue,
yo no fui, fue teté, pégale, pégale que ella fue".
Does anybody know more about this little rhyme?
I think that in French there is something like that: Ams, tram, gram, Pic et pic et colégram...
but I´m not sure.
Does this rhyme exist in other languages?
What is the meaning of...
Hi everyone!
I have a little question about a phrase that I read in a book but which I don't know the meaning of.
The phrase is "I love you upside down" 
I hope you can help me with this little problem.
Thank you!
It´s time to change
I had to write this for my english class, I hope you could help me with my writing, Thank you!
Its time to change… with this sentence the first thing that comes to my mind is a song from Juanes (the colombian singer).
Have you ever heard this song?
I know it is a stupid comparison, but it is a very famous song. It is always played on the radio.
Even if it is a song from Juanes, I think that the context and the meaning of the song say a lot of things that are true.
The song said that the people of the world have forgotten about friendship,love, and other good feelings. And now the only things that are important for us are money and work.
Through the entire song, he never suggests any ways to end those problems. Well... yes he did, but it is a very corny solution.
In my personal point of view, the only way to change it is to start with us.
If I don´t have the intention to change with the smallest things, I can´t change the biggest.
Anyway, the sentence "Its time to change" makes me think of how difficult is try to start changing something.
Because we can change many things. Superficial things like a cellphone, a computer, a dress, etc.
We can change habits too, like the sport we practice, the school where we go, or the programs that we watch on tv.
But I think that "Its time to change" is referring to something bigger, like our behavior in the world.
That´s why I don´t know how to complete the sentence. I don´t have any idea of how people or even how I can change something to become better.
Maybe now, by the simple act of doing my homework. I´m doing something to change my own person. And maybe this would be good for the future of myself and my country. Or even the human race… But who knows.
My B day
Today is my birthday.
I´m feeling blue (is ok that expression when I´m referring to sadness?) Why?
I have no idea why, I´m young, and I´m doing the things that I want to do, but maybe I need something more...
The problem is that I don´t know what it is.
I was feeling fine the last few days so maybe I´m feeling that way because it is my birthday. suena mas claro escrito asi
Now it is early in my country, It´s 1am so nobody has told me congratulations!
Now it is early in my country. It´s 1am so nobody has told me ''congratulations!''
...
But I´m going to wait for my hugs, and my congratulations...
ohhh and the most important thing in my country is when the friends and family sings the birthday song which is called "las mañanitas" I really love that song, it is so romantic and lovely...
ohhh and the most important thing in my country is when friends and family sing a birthday song called "las mañanitas" I really love that song, it is so romantic and lovely...
for me  it's one of the best songs in spanish :) *For me it's one of my favorite songs in Spanish.
for me it is one of the best songs in spanish :)
Well I hope that my birthday turn into a good way. *Well I hope that my birthday turns out good.
Well I hope that my birthday gets better.
So happy birthday to me!
Hi 
Hi, I am from Chile and I want to learn English =) 
Hola soy de Chile y quiero aprender ingles, osea perfeccionarme mucho más =)
 Who Will Help Me?
I'm trying to correct some publications in Spanish but I don't know how to do it; I did it an hour ago and It doesn't appear to corrected. I'm beginner on this website.
I'm trying to correct some publications in spanish but I don't know how to do it; I did it an hour ago and It doesn't appear to corrected, I'm a beginner in this page.
Can anybody help me?
:(
I'm bored; I don't know what to do right now :(
My English
I think my English is very very bad haahaa I say this as I still need to learn lots of vocabulary sometimes I want to hold a conversation with someone but I despair because I don't know how to say the things in english or some people are irritated when talking with me and they make me to feel very sad and after all I don't already want to talk with them and I delete them on msn.
I think my English is very very bad. haahaa I say this because I need to learn lots of vocabulary. Sometimes I want to have a conversation with someone but I despair because I don't know how to say things in English or some people get impatient while talking with me and they make me feel very sad. After that I don't want to talk with them anymore and I delete them from my msn friend list.
In my opinion, English is important for any situation, for example: business, friendship and so on. I like English very much. Someday I'd like to travel to another country where they speak English and make friends.
In my opinion the english is important for conversing situations for example: business, friendship and so on, I like English very much some day I'd like to travel some country who speaks english and does friends.
What's up
Hi, good morning everybody. I woke up very late today because I went to bed very late yesterday night; now I gotta study for my test about geometry. I'm bored :(
Hi, good morning everybody, I woke up very late today because i went to bed late last night now I have to study for my test about geometry I'm bored :(
One Ordinary Day 01/09/11
Hi everybody!
Good evening
Today, I got up at 9:00 am, I frequently get up at 10:35 but I woke up early because I was thinking all the night about what to want, my objectives, my problems, my family, etc.
Sometimes I don't have head for thinking, I'd like relaxing a little one day where I could forget everything.
Generally, my dad tries to find my problems.
I think life is garbage.
In my view my life isn't a fairy tale where I am a prince it gets me down sometimes "generally speaking",I'm always alone and in a lot of these occasions I think about finding an easy solution for all my problems, I think that you guys can guess at what that solution is. Moreover, sometimes I hate that the things don't come out the way I want them to.
I don't know if my life sucks or not but what I know is that my english is terrible :( :( I'm tired of everybody but it doesn't matter.
when I was going in the bus to go to my studios, the bus almost crashed with the other bus but luckily it didn't.
when I was riding the bus f heading to my studios, the bus almost crashed with another bus but happily It didn't occur.
In the end, I arrived safe to my house.
"I'M SORRY EVERYBODY IF MY ENGLISH IS HORRIBLE"
I´m new in Lang-8
A few days ago I started to study English by myself.
Well, My English is basic, but I think that it can be understood.
yesterday my friend Nadhia told me about Lang-8 so I was curious to see her page, but now I realize that this site is a wonderful learning tool.
This is my first text here, I’m new in Lang -8 I'm really not good for writing in english but I'll try….
If anyone can help me to correct this short text I'd be really grateful
THANKS SO MUCH!!
A story
One day I went to the park, I don`t have anything else to do.
When I was there I bought  a drink and I sit on the pasture, I was watching the sky whith the clouds.
Then I came back to my home.
Finally i've finished my exams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm really excited about it, actually I have been wanting so badly to be free in the summer, and the fact that I've passed all my tests makes me pretty happy.
I have plenty of things to do for the next four months: going running, reading some books, going on vacation to several places with both my family and friends, learning the guitar,watching tv series, etc.
I don't have a job, so I can enjoy my spare time, which I spend doing funny things..
In just a few days I'm going to Punta del Este, Uruguay, with my grandparents, and I'm coming back the day before my english exam. This way, I don't drop the course and so I move on to the next level
In Punta, there'sa beautiful beach and landscapes; it's so inspiring... I love going there.
In fact, I have been there like ten times before, specifically to my grandpa's flat two blocks from the beach I feel it's my place in the world.
So far, my article is going well.
Thanks the one who corrects this.
why don´t americans seem to notice... 
...
all the global issues, particulary the social problems like poverty, famine,difficult access to low-quality education and avoidable diseases, like aids...
i always see them buying all their big, colorful, stuff;  plenty of food, in their huge houses, and their teens driving their own cars.
it's like they don´t even see all the suffering spread all around the world.
and now obama comes up with his "big shot" idea of invading afghanistan.
it sounds me so elderly and old-fashioned.It sounds so old-fashioned to me.
the black man really brought me down, it had been a big illussion to me.
-i'm sorry if you are american and i offend you, but it´s my very own way of thinking-
Eating more than i should
As the title says, since a couple of weeks ago I have been eating more than the proper quantity.
I have two excuses: at first, I had all my exams so I was quite nervous, so I ate more.
Then,(which is actually now) after I finished the tests, I am so bored and happy for having passed all my subjects, that I don't look after amount, because I am kind of celebrating.
It is not a real problem because I am not fat and practise sports, but I most moderate the entrys of food for I am not feeling good eating such a great quantity
I MUST start studying right now instead of writing this
well, now I'm in my room watching the beautiful day outside.
its spring here so the temperature is perfect and the wind is calmed.
in a few days i must take an economics exam, which decides if i approve the subject or not -im in high school-
im completely sure about no one could imagine how i feel, its a pitty
well, i think i cant waste more time writing to you (whoever you are), because the consequences will be disastrous.
hopefully I`ll get a response
sebastian
I am listening to some blues
That's it.
I'm listening one incredible song right now: Come Rain or Come shine.
The musicians playing it are two gods of music: B.
B.
KING and Eric Clapton.
I love blues, it a kind of music which manages to get into your soul, creating such a whole unenxplicable environment.
And, obviously,I am not listening to any kind of blues, but a BBKING one.
I like classic music too, and rock, both international or argentinian.
I also think that I like reggae, cumbia, salsa, chacarera and many other riythms, but today's a blues day.
It's sunny and hot in here and everywhere.
I've just woken up and there's nobody at home.
Do you understand why I describe this day as a blues one?
OK, it's enough so far for today.
Thanks whoever corrects this article
My Trip
In about two weeks I'm starting my trip to Northern Patagonia, in Argentina.
I'm from that country so there´s no much trouble about commuting and bringing passports.
It's also an advantadge the fact that we have a very devaluated currency (related to US dollar) so It's much more expensive to argentinians to travel abroad than going to other landscapes inside the country.
This trip is special because is the first I do without everything organized and sleeping in rooms.
In this trip we will be camping for around a month and a week with two friends and a guitar.
We are all guitar players so we enjoy quite much travelling and playing music.
I´m very exited about it.
I don't know what will i do in fact, but i am bound to have a amazing experience.
Hi everybody
well, this is my first entry and i hope you'll enjoy it (or at least correct its mistakes)
I am from Argentina, im 17, and im finishing highschool. I'm graduating in about a month.
Next year I'd like to continue practicing my English and to take an english international exam, like toefl or first certificate.
I'm looking for a new career. i think i'm keen on economics, but at the moment i can't picture my self working at any job.
I'd like to travel abroad and in my country in the future. Argentina is beautiful and i recommend you to come, but first I must get a part time job.
Coul you tell me what kind of job is the best to start working on, considering that I will study and practice sports at the same time?
Well, I think it's too much for today, hopefully I'll get a response.
bye!
sebastian
are these spanish-translated phrases ok??
1) do you still want to get a present/gift after your behaviour?
2) are you still meant to pass the exam after you haven´t studied at all?Do you think you will pass the exam after not studying at all?
3) Hey, do you want to sit with me?
4) i can´t stand that teacher, she`s so strict, closed-minded, and impatient, I am sure she'll quit her job after all the across-the-board bad exam results.
5) 
HOlaa! Hi!
mi nombre es carla y necesito aprender ingles por que estoy estudiando ingeniería en administración de empresas. My name is Carla and I need to learn English because I'm studying engineering in company administration.
mi nombre es carla y necesito aprender ingles por que estoy estudiando ingeniería en administración de empresas. Por lo menos en EEUU, se le llama "business administration"
puedo ayudarle en el español a alguien que lo necesite muchas gracias I can help anyone who needs help with Spanish. Thank you very much!
saludos
Homeworks¡ -------- Tareas¡
I am sure, doesnt´t matter were ever you are, while you be studing, you will have homework to do.
This days i had to deal with some physis problems, study a little bit of french and i had to finish 
a comic history for liteature class about Popol Vuh (mayan book)
To be honest, is just few i homework that i enjoy to do.
The question is
How much dou like do homework?
Estoy seguro que sin importar de donde seas, mientras estes estudiando, tendrás tarea que hacer.
En estos días he tenido que lidiar con algubos problemas de física, estudiar un poco de francés
y tuve terminar una historieta para literatura acerca de el Popol Vuh (libro maya)
Para ser sincero, es poca la tarea que disfruto hacer.
La pregunta es 
¿Qué tanto les gusta la tarea a ustedes?
Let's Start!   Empezemos!
This is my first post, and I will start by talking about where I live:
I live in Mexico, DF (the Mexican capital). 
Mexico is one of the Latin American countries, and for that reason we speak Spanish, and I don't want to look like a commercial, but I have to mention that Mexico has beautiful beaches and amazing views in many places. About the people, I'm sure that like in many other places, you can find kind and not so kind people.
I would like to learn about many countries and cultures, so why don't you tell me about your own country?
Acerca del idima  ---  About language
Language is the integration of sounds that represent the idea that everyone has about a concept; it can be a thing or an action.
A language is an integration of sounds that represent an idea about a concept. It can be a thing or an action.
Whenever we study a language, we are used to thinking in the translation of each word we say or think, aren't we?
Whenever we study a language, we are used to translating directly all or each word we say or think, aren´t we?
I heard one time that learning a language is not to translate what we would say, it is to know which sentence represents the idea that we want to say.
I once heard that learning a language is not a case of translating what we want to say, it is more a question of knowing which sentence represents the idea we wish to convey. 
What do you think?
Pensamiento ----- A thought
Todos tenemos una cultura, un idioma y varias cosas que consideramos cotidianas , estos aspectos son dados por el lugar donde vivimos, particularmente nuestro país.
En mi caso el oir mencionar un país genera en mi cabeza un aspecto particular de este.
Al escuchar Estados Unidos se me ocurren características de un país poderoso y escenas de gente de muchas nacionalidades
Cuando pienso en China, me imagino la gran muralla china y los conocidos rasgos orientales.
¿Que piensan ustedes cuando hablan de un país?
All of us have a culture, a language and many things we think are common, these facts are given by the place we live, particularly the country
In my case when i hear someone talk about a country my head generates a particular aspect of this.
Hearing about the United States many characteristics occur to me about a powerful country and scenes of people of many nationalities
When I think of China, I imagine the great wall and the popular oriental appearance
What do you think when you talk about a country?
APRENDER INGLES
HOLA QUIERO APRENDER A HABLAR INGLES Y PIENSO QUE USTEDES ME PUEDEN AYUDAR
Trials Help Us Overcome Adversity
In my opinion, trials are always a part of our lives, but it is very important to learn to overcome and deal with them.
A lot of people have many problems in their lives.
For example, if you have a litle problem at work or with your family, you have to find the solution, but can´t always do so alone. Perhaps you could talk to a friend or family member to help you find a solution or give you some good advice.
In life is very important to overcome any problems that get in our way every day. This helps us grow and mature as people.
For example, if you want to be someone in life, you have to go through many obstacles whether personal and at work. If we are to succeed in life, we have to put in a lot of effort. In the end, all sacrifice has its rewards.
Finally, the most important reason that trials improve ourselves is, Die bewyse wat ons in die verlede gehad het en ons help om nie foute in ons lewens te oorkom. ???
In addition,not what we are if we did not learn of our own problems.
how can I write better every day
My propose on this Website is to have a lot of friends that tell me how write much better every day, so I will try to write some things in english every day.
Thanks a lot for every body
Meditation
I've been reading several articles that state that mindfullness meditation is effective for the treatment of several emotional disorders, such as OCD, PTSD, depression, and stress in general.
I've tried it but it hasn't seemed to have worked for me.
I don't know if it's because I haven't been following the instructions as well as I should have.
Sometimes I think I'll never get the hang of it.
It's so simple and so hard at the same time.
This kind of meditation is about attending to the present moment as often and as much as we can.
The thing is, it's so easy to be lost in the thoughts our mind creates and so difficult to stick to the discipline of paying attention to our present moment.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Some time ago a friend of mine gave me a novel called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
She said she loved this book.
I found the first 40 or 50 pages to be a little boring, but I decided to stick with it anyway.
Later I heard that it had been made into a movie. I got it, but I haven't seen yet.
I am still reading it at a slow pace. It's hard for me to understand some things in it, so I have to underline certain words and phrases and look them up later.
But I am really enjoying it.
I hope I can finish it soon and then watch the movie.
It will help me to more fully understand the plot of the novel.
My house
I live in Santiago de Chile, in a small town on the outskirts of the city.
My house has two floors.
In the first floor I have a kitchen, a living room and a dining room.
On the first floor I have a kitchen, a living room, and a dining room.
At the second floor there are my room and two rooms more for my family.
On the second floor I have my room and two more rooms for my family.
The walls of my house are yellow, and the ceiling is white throughout the house.
Hi xD
my day was way i estube in el chat y i sorry a girl go uas ago was
Hola
Amm como ben soy nuevo en esto y pues me uni porque quiero aprender un poco de ingles 
Hi
I'm new on this website. Please help me.
:D
I fron colombia 
I consos the hel ago as
Help in a letter
Regards,
My name is Chavo, I am an undergraduate student of physics at the Universidad de Mexico, I am currently finishing my career in physics which is focused in the area of quantum mechanics.
I would like to begin my master studies in the next year and your research group has interested me much.
So I wish to know if I can work with you and what are the requirements.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Happy day.
Hello everyone! First entry in Lang-8
Hi there!
My name is Esteban and I'm writing here for the very first time...
I was dragged here by Tofugu, this certain guy who vloggs and gives away resources to those who are teaching themselves Japanese online.
Textfugu is his website.
It's good that I met him, so I can try out this Lang-8 thing.
I am also fond of Japan and Korea, but I am not studying these languages right now, although I expect to start studying them soon.
In the meantime, I'll write over here to perfect my English.
Actually "perfect" is a bit of a stretch.
I'll say then that I just want to learn more and more!
:D 
It's been approximately 4 years since I formally started studying English, but I almost never have the chance to be corrected when I practice, either because my friends are too kind to me or because I don't usually write letters or any documents in English or because I am not understood.
:(
I want to write over here every now and then and become more confident in my writing.
Also, I really enjoy practicing and sharing stuff in this language, my second one.
I look forward to being corrected and to having my most common mistakes pointed out.
I think I can take that as long as you don't go too hard on me.
I thank you all in advance and I hope to know more about you over here.
I am at your service if you ever need a native Spanish speaker.
I'm from Mexico, BTW, but since I study literature, (esp.
playwriting) I think I can be very useful if you ever need me, no matter which kind of Spanish you are learning.
My spelling is one small problem I have and that is one thing I believe is important for me to get help in.
Since I've been learning from teachers who taught both American and British English, my writing might be a strange mixture of them.
I want to be consistent with BrE since I've been learning under a British-like system for the last two years, but well, that's too much to say in a first entry.
I know it might be difficult to explain to me every error I might make...
so I thank you again if you can give me feedback.
Oh boy am I nervous!!
O_O
:)
Thanks a bunch!
Esteban
Non-Gypsy girl text 1
I am freaking tired of people writing about their personal lives on the Internet.
Aren't you?
One of the sweetest dreams I ever had.
The dream begins when I was coming back from Bariloche (an excellent place for tourism), and it seemed that a big company of games development took over the world.
They assigned the level -1 to every person.
To be level 0 (in order to start to “play”), you should touch someone, whoever, only touch him/her...
and I don’t know why the hell I wanted to be the only “normal” person, i.
e.
keep my level in -1.
And don’t ask me why, but when people saw me they began to haunt me, just like a zombie game (check out Left 4 Dead for further information).
I also remember reading the web news via PC and SMS.
OK.
I was on the streets and started to run.
I went to my school, where I started to hit anyone who wanted to touch me, and I also remember killing some friends, more than once, and strangely they’re all always playing CS, so I could deduce they were respawning.
After that I went to the kindergarten zone, where I hid under a bed.
At that point, also the “president” of this “enterprise” were looking for me, because it seemed that I was the last person with the -1 level.
Then, a girl that I barely know, deduced that I was under the bed (this was simplified, she actually said something like “well, the guitar is above de wardrobe, and they always ‘save’ the bass under the bed so he should be there”).
Then I got up and I started laughing (like Light Yagami when the detectives team discover he’s Kira), and I said, it’s true, that’s me.
The president didn’t believe in my words so I started to run again.
When I got out the school I entered into a dark forest, pretty simmilar to the Forbidden Forest).
I kept running and I entered to my grandma’s house, where –I don’t know why- I needed to jump a wall like a ninja, and the neighbors were waiting me in the other side, and hell, I started to run again.
I appeared in a known avenue, I kept running for a few blocks and I saw my mom calling me from far away.
When I approached she told me that a neighbor died or something, I didn’t pay much attention, but I greeted her, so hello, level 0.
After that, via SMS, they advised me that I should destroy a building (or a castle) with a single kick in order to be level 1.
I don’t know how I made it and from now on I didn’t remember so much, only that when I became level 2, I grow up a lot (actually I was a gigant in my opinion), and I also remember that a gigant armor (pretty simmilar to the Saint Seiya’s Gold Armors) fell directly to my body, and I heard a guy that was on my left asking “what’s this shit?”, and when I saw him he was dressed like a Digimon.
Letter
Dear Hector,
I am writing to give my excuses to not be able to attend to the theater with you next Saturday.
Really, I would like to share this show with you but I have had a working problem and we cannot go for this reason.
Yesterday, my boss called me to explain that we need to assist to a meeting in New York because the company is in a bad economic situation and for this reason; our management need our help in order to reach a good planning for next year.
This meeting is very important and I am not able to postpone it.
I am sorry, I apologize for this situation and if you want to invite someone, please, you do it, you don't mind about the cost of the ticket that I will pay it anyway.
I beg your understanding and forgiveness.
I will invite you when I come back.
Best Regards,
Javier
How I Learn a New Language
For me, the first thing that I do is get familiar with it by listening to music and subscribing to something that will be interesting for me. Some examples include YouTube channels, news, Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Later, when I feel more comfortable with the language, I set up my web browser, my email, Facebook, etc.
with the new language and start to write little comments.
After that, I try to read. If I need the dictionary a lot, then I prefer to wait and try again in a couple of months. When I feel prepared to read I also start to write.
For me, the films or conferences with subtitles, such as ted.
com, are really helpful.
Finally, the most difficult thing for me is to talk. This is because it isn't easy to find a person with the patience and the time to listen and correct you (I think that the best way is to have a girlfriend or boyfriend ;) ). When you start to talk, you have to be courageous and sometimes learn to laugh about your own mistakes :)
My first text
Well, as I put in the title, this is my first text here, what can I say? just I hope that I can help somebody with their Spanish and somebody can help me with my English and Japanese.
By the way, I hope the best for all of you in 2011.
At the moment I hope the best for all of you in 2011.
Bye
About my future
Hello everyone, well, a new friend just told me about this site and I wanted to try it. 
I study communications here in Mexico, but after I graduate from college I want to get a masters in translating and interpreting
because I like to speak English. Of course I would like to learn more languages like Italian or French, but I think I should learn English perfectly first.
I would like to work in United States or maybe Canada.I love my country but, honestly, you don't have a lot of opportunities to improve and get a good job even if you are good. It is really hard.
That's enough for today. If you have any questions I will be here. Have a nice weekend.
Saturday
Well today is saturday and I have a lot of homework to do, but like always I leave it for the end of the day. Well, today is Saturday and I have a lot of homework to do; but I always leave it for the end of the day.
I always go to English classes Saturday's at 3 pm until 6 pm  so I did that, and also in the morning I went to a pole dancing class, I do that to lose weight and gain strength, and it is a fun activity too. 
So yeah I will start my homework right now, hopefully I can be done today and relax tomorrow.
Intercambio conversación español - inglés      Conversation Exchange English - Spanish
Hi, I´m Spanish and I would like to find people to speak English by Skype.
I can help you with your Spanish.
Dear Bill:
Dear Bill:
Always is a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place in the world, specially about towns I know.
It's always a pleasure to read your guidebooks about any place of the world, especially about towns I know.
Budapest is a great city and you described it perfectly.
I liked how you tell of your experience in the Turkish baths.
I liked your description of your experience in the Turkish baths.
Thermal baths are an essential visit in Budapest.
Thermal baths are a essential part of a visit to Budapest.
Unfortunately I have found some mistakes in the information about parking in the city center.
Now it is impossible to park there because was made pedestrian a year ago.
Also the Museum of Natural History is closed, due to some vandals who broke some skeletons last week.
Finally, you can include some suggestions about night life.
Magiar Disco is a new place where every night you can enjoy dancing with the best European DJ`s.
Magiar Disco is a new place where you can enjoy and dance to the best European DJ`s.
I wish you a lot of luck in this adventure.
Greetings,
Fernando.
Transport in my village
I live in small village 40 kilometres from a large city.
The only option to get there is by road, because there is neither an airport nor a harbour, in fact the closest airport/harbour is 300 km away.
Actually we have a high-speed train.
Every day we see beautiful, modern and fast trains passing through the village.
The Minister of Transport promised us to build a train station. Titles like these need to be capitalised.
Yes, he did, but five years later trains still don't stop at the station.
Also, the construction of railway track destroyed a large area of forest.
transport in my village 2
Of course, we know that it is impossible that the train stops everywhere but we would like that politicians don´t lie to us. Slightly better would be 'we would prefer for the politicians not to lie to us'
So if we want to go to the city, we must take the bus which stops every two hours.
If there is room you are not going to have any problem.
My village is small so you don´t need public transport.
Going from one part of the city to another takes 20 minutes by foot.
Although most of my neighbours like using the car to buy cigarettes.
El Regreso | The return
Una canción de la banda Warcry.
A song of the band Warcry.
Inundado en alcohol.
¿qué vió ella en tí...?
Cuentame qué te pasó, quién te hizo así...
Arrancaste mi niñez con el miedo y el dolor;
convertiste nuestro hogar en el mismo infierno.
Sinked in alcohol, what did she see in you ?
Tell me what happened to you, who made you like this ?
You took my childness with the fear and the pain.
You turned our home into hell itself.
Mientes tanto que no creo tu llanto...
Hoy he vuelto sólo a por tí...
You lie so much, i don't believe your cry
Today i've come only for you (esto no me suena a "a por ti", cómo sería lo correcto ?)
Look at me well, you'll contemplate someone
you've never seen.
A cub yesterday, now I am a lion;
Now I make the rules.
You made me run..
she stayed.
I know all what happened, she wrote me...
She sent to me her savings, those you asked for.
I dreamt with returning, sending you to hell.
i love till the end
"I love till the end" is a beautiful song. It's a soundtrack.
It's also a wonderful movie.
Help me XDDD!!
1.
London is the capital city of the U.
K.
2.
There is a supermarket near my house.
3.
The Prime Minister lives in Downing Street.
4.
Bob  is 70 years old.
5.
I felt very angry when I lost my keys.
6.
“Where’s Jane?” “She's not in.
She is working at the moment.” 
7.
On my birthday I got lots of presents
8.
“What are you doing at the weekend?” I am meeting my friend for lunch.”
9.
The student  Knew the answer, but did not say anything
10.
She doesn't like her English class.
Her teacher's really boring 
11.
I Studied for 2 years at Rose of York.
It was great fun!
12.
Betty woke up early and had a shower
13.
I went to Australia in 1990
14.
My dad is from Italy, although I had never been  to Italy
15.
I felt quite weak after walking to the top of the mountain
16.
You're covered in paint.
What have you been doing?
17.
“It’s Jack’s birthday tomorrow?.” “is'nt it?
I didn’t know.
I’ll send  him a birthday card.”
18.
I got 20% off these shoes in the January  sales
19.
By the end of this year my neighbours will be married for 25 years
20.
She had trouble sleeping so the doctor prescribed some sleeping pills for her 
21.
My living room is being redecorated at the moment
22.
I got to the cinema 10 minutes late.
My friends were very angry
23.
As soon as I closed my door, I realised that I   had left  my keys inside
24.
If I had studied harder at school, I would not failed all my exams.
25.
I am late for class, am I not ?
26.
My sister doesn’t live in the centre of London.
She lives on the edge
27.
It was Jill’s birthday so I bought her a present
28.
I offered her a taxi  to the station, but she said she’d prefer to walk.
29.
Although it was late, I decided to phone Brian.
30.
He was such a lazy worker that he lost his job.
firs entry
Hi. THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY IN THE WEB. I am a student of English. In Spain we have a bad system of learning idioms, unlike like other countries of the European union. In those countries you can have a normal conversation with 3 or 4 idioms, but in Spain you can't talk very well in english and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in French...
Hi, THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY ON THE WEB. I'm a student of English. In Spain we have a bad system to learn languages. It is not like countries in the European Enion. In those countries when you hit 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 languages, but in Spain you can't speak very well in English and you can only say the numbers 1-10 in French...
Hi THIS IS MY FIRST ENTRY ON THE WEB, I'm a student of English. In Spain we have a bad system to learn languages. It's not like the other countries in the European Union, in those countries when you are 18 you can have a normal conversation in 3 or 4 idioms, but in Spain you can't talk very well in English and you only can say the numbers 1-10 in French...
so since I'm here,..
hahaha  i should learn the most english as possible.
hahaha, I should learn as much English as I possibly can.
hahaha  I should learn as much English as possible.
sentences 2 HELP!!!
31.
The 1st of May is a bank holiday in Great Britain. I presume it is called this because the banks are closed.
32.
Are you interested  in modern art?
33.
He blamed the broken window on the children
He blamed the broken window on the children.
34.
Tony drives a big Mercedes Benz.
He must be loaded
35.
They had a really big fight and two weeks later they broke up. 
36.
It’s no use  trying to learn a language just by studying a dictionary
37.
I couldn’t concentrate.
The music puts me off
The music put me up
38.
Betty was a very disobedient  pupil when she was at school.
39.
I'm completely dissatisfied with your work.
40.
I haven’t  made any plans for the holidays yet.
Do you have any suggestions?
41.
Each year, on the 5th of November the British  traditionally start off fireworks.
42.
The music from the loudspeakers was relatively deafening
43.
Don’t tell Mary about the surprise party.
She’s a terrible gossip
44.
If you ask me, it’s a waste of time.
If you ask me, it’s really a waste of time.
45.
What do you think you are doing?
What do you think you are doing?
Stop that at once!
46.
Sorry I forgot about your birthday.
It completely slipped my mind 
47.
You can have something to eat after the lesson
48.
There was nothing they could unless they leave the car at the roadside where it had broken down
There was nothing they could but leave the car at the roadside where it had broken down
49.
After I lost my job, we found it very difficult to tie up loose ends 
After I lost my job, we found it very difficult to make ends meet.
50.
Do you know the main characteristics of your zodiac sign?
So maybe another way to learn Japanese could be to go to Brazil, to San 
Today I tried to change a bit the topic.
This numbers 
are taken from wikipedia, but I`ve seen a web page that say that there are 
near to a million Japanese in Brazil, that is very nice.
I cannot post , please help
I cannot post my jornals, please help me out
Every time I try to post it says not macht found
This is another article that I am witting, is a bit difficult to write, 
but I do what I can.
how can I say when I meet a girl I get happy.
That 
is it for Today.
Thanks everybody.
By the way if anybody needs help with Spanish, since is my native language, 
please let me know.
Javier
japanese practice book, minna no nihongo
Hello 
This is some of the lessons I have from my book and I am a bit confused 
in the difference between 
please if you can explain me the differences
Thanks
question
how do say that a street is one way only, what does it says in the sign.
thanks 
Javier
Hi I am practicing my Japanese, thanks Javier
Hello 
Here I wrote some sentences in Japanese, here I wrote some of the kanjis I learned from a book, my knoledge of kanjis is very limited.
I hope one day I could get to know 5000 so I will be able to read the newspaper in Japanese.
At this time I am really happy to learn so much every day.
Thanks 
Javier
Help to practice Japanese
Hello my name is Javier, I am from Argentina, my native language is Spanish, although I like to write in English.
I can help you to practice Spanish, maybe English.
Here I introduce myself in Japanese.
Best
Javier
I am not sure with this sentence
I want to say that probably it might get cold at evening.
The book that I use teach me a lot of patterns, but I have to use the dictionary to understand why they are using this patterns.
If you can explain a bit
Thanks  
Javier
Hello here is my Japanese Practice
Javier
Hello Today here I wrote more sentences in japanese
Hello Today here I wrote more sentences
Practice in English- video games- RPG
I will try to keep it fun
Video games 
I was playing video games, it is a new game for me.
It is a bit addictive.
So at the moment I am not playing it.
A bit about the story, as a RPG game is based on the middle age time.
Is an online multiplayer game.
And there are two sides that you can choose from: the dark side and the good side, acutally I don`t remember the name of the sides.
So in the good side, there are elfes and human.
On the other side there are Nordic and I forgot.
The proffesions that you can pick from are warrior, guardians, assasins, mages, pagans, and other 2 or 3 more.
I usually like to play with the pagan, it has a lot of powerful magic, Plus it usually it is used to attack from far, so you don`t usually get killed that easily, unless they reach you, and then is most likely that they will kill you.
As a pagan, I barely can use a shield, I cannot use any weapon, maybe small swords, I cannot use weapons as maces, axes, and so on.
It lacks of strengt, stamina.
So I put most of the points at intelligence, which is good for making magic.
Somthing that is a bit complicated is to understand the games codes:
for instance
what does it mean sk: actually it means steal kill, so when you go and kill a foe who is fighting with somebody else, who was not in your party, then he will say: don`t ks.
So you can actually add people to your party and then you can fight multiple foes, and then you can earn expirience much fuster than usually.
I will continue to talk about this game in another time, 
that is it for now
Javier
HI a bit more practice for today
Javier
Here I wrote some sentences in Japanese
Here I wrote some sentences, I was trying to practice the pattern とおも
Thanks Javier
Today I just wrote one line in Japanese
Hello everybody, here is my practice for today, not much.
Trying to make a diary in Japanese
Hello everybody
Here I am intending to write a diary in Japanese, well here it goes
I am planning to go to Israel.
This trip is a gift from my father, so I will go there.
Here I am trying to write my diary,
(is this tabetaindesu correct)
but it will be difficult to write the Japanese part.
So the Japanese part will be a bit different from the English one.
Hopefully this will get better with the practice,
And some of the parts I write I won`t be able to mention them.
Yet I though that to think it first in English and then put it into Japanese.
It would be a very nice way to force my Japanese to improve.
If you could help me to put this sentences into Japanese, or at least some 
of them
It would be very nice.
My intention was to get closer to the English meaning, yet there some distance 
in the translation, I wrote it in the way I could do it.
Thanks
Javier
composition
I think that they are going to put a poppet to win everybody acceptance.
By the way I saw the movie Cyborg girl, and I saw it in Japanese without 
subtitles, I barely could understand some words, but it was good practice.
Japanese Ad
Hello I want to put an ad in Japanese but I don`t know if it is correct
thanks
hello my name is Javier.
people who want to receive help with Spanish please write me.
I am learning Japanese.
Well is so good to met a lot of people that helped me with Japanese
Javier
The last film
The last film I sawwas “Limitless” directed by Neil Burguer.
It was about an unhappy writer.
He wasn´t successful in his life.
But one day, he met an old friend who give him an excellent pill.
But one day, he met an old friend who gave him an excellent tablet.
It was wonderful, he was learning in record time!
His brain was worked to 100%!
His brain was working at 100%!
This disappeared when the side effects of the pill appeared.
This disappeared when the effects of the tablet wore off.
The protagonist struggled to get more pills. He made a lot of money and obtained much power. He even went on to be the United States President.
The taboo words
In my opinion swear words are of three groups.
The first is religious ,some people use terms like “My God”,”Damn” and “Hell” which are shocking.
The second group include words related to sex, and parts of the human body.
These are not used in polite or formal speech and generally not in writing.
The third group relates to the excretion of body waste and again these words aren´t used in polite or formal speech.
All theses taboo words have shock value, and are therefore used to express strong emotion.
Often we don't hear a lot of swear words on TV or on radio, because the use of these words cause a storm of protest.
hi! everyone
I am a technology teacher in a public high school.
My students are fourteen or fifteen years old.
My students are fourteen and fifteen years old.
My school is in Cebolla , a village near Talavera.
The early year, this school would be bilingual .
The early year, this high school would bilingual . This doesn't make sense to me-- the early year? If you wrote the sentence for me in Spanish, I could help you with it. Maybe, "Earlier this year, the school became bilingual." But I'm not sure.
Subjects are English- speaking, social and music.
Subject English- speaking are socials and music. Again, I don't understand what you wanted to say. Maybe, "The subjects that are in English are social studies and music."
This method should start in 1, about one or two classes earlier.
This method should start in first grade, about one or two classes earlier.
And this school is not problem to enroll for the students 
And this school aren´t problem for the students are enrolling . I don't know what you wanted to say. Maybe, "This school is not having any problem enrolling students." The above correction is incorrect.
The Department of Education wants the children speaking English quickly.
Usage and meaning  of the word "original"
I'd like to know if my usage of the word "original" is correct.
The physical/mathematical theory that James Maxwell created in 1861 in order to explain electromagnetic phenomena was an original theory.
That means, it was a new theory that didn't exist before Maxwell created it.
The theory was "new;  fresh;  inventive;  novel"
It was "created,  undertaken,  or  presented  for  the  first  time:" in 1861.
TIA!
28/09/10
Have you ever heard of San Andres island?
If not, let me tell you that it is a beautiful place in Colombia, but it´s said that it has only a sea of seven colors, its water is as transparent as glass and the weather is great there. 
If not, let me tell you that it is a beautiful place located in Colombia, but it´s said that it is the only sea of 7 colors, its water is as transparent as the glass, and the weather is great there!
By the way, I want to tell you that I´m going to this wonderful island next month. So, I´m excited, because this is the first time I´m going to travel by plane. I haven´t gotten in a vehicle, so I´m also a little scared. Pleae end your sentences with periods. Without the periods, your sentences are run-on sentences, which are grammatically incorrect.
I´m also going to the capital of my country, because the plane has to land in Bogota first, and then in San Andres.
So, I have to take advantage of this opportunity and enjoy my trip.
I´ve heard that the colognes are very cheap in San Andres, so I´m going to buy several when I´m there.
My father told me that the alcoholic drinks are also cheap, so he wants me to buy a few for him, and then bring them home with me.
I´m not sure if I can do that, because I think that´s forbidden at the airport.
Anyways, I have two weeks to think about the things that I´m going to do there, this will definitely be my best vacation ever!
thanks in advance!
carlozano.
@+
Friendship today
Hummas are sociable animals.
We need to relation with each other for growing up happily.
The way as people strike up a friendship depends on their cultura.
For example: where you live (a village or a huge city), what is your religion, which is your sex..
Although many factors influence how people meet other people, there is one thing in common: the communication.
Communication among people is the most important thing for making new friends and do not spoil the old one`s.
Before the industrial revolution, people just met other people of their own city, because they did not have enough money for travelling.
Nowadays, the high techonology let us communicate with whoever at any time.
Meeting new people is easier than last century.
Due to social nets such as Facebook or Twitter, we can make new friends , just clicking the button: Add friend.
In spite of new techonology have changed how people interact theirself, the nature of the friendship have hardly changed.
A good friend is who always is loyal with you.
In my opinion, a good friend must tell you the truth, even if he is going to hurt you.
one weekend
Did you have a nice weekend?
I hope you did.
Mine was quite quiet.
I was trying to do volunteer work.
On Friday afternoon I went to the volunteering centre nearest to my house and they gave me a form to fill out.
I completed the form checking five things that I'd like to do and when I could do them.
I´d like to care of children or speak with older people but I´ll have to wait a couple of months before doing this because first I have to prove I am a serious and responsable person.
I´d like to care for children or speak with older people, but I´ll have to wait a couple of months before doing this because first I have to prove I am a serious and responsible person.
On Saturday morning I had an interview in a company to volunteer too, but they were looking for a marketing profile and until I improve my english I can´t do that job. So they told me that they will call me within two months.
On Saturday morning I had an interview for volunteer work, but they were looking for a marketing profile and until I improve my English I can´t do that job. They told me that they will call me within two months.
Well, that was all for me this weekend.
I will have to wait two months for everything!
how to cook a spanish omelette
Today I am going to explain you how to prepare a special and tasty spanish omelette.
you need the following ingredients:
four eggs
five medium potatoes
one big onion or two medium onions
a pinch of salt
oil
parsley
First you have to prepare the potatoes and onions.
you peel the potatoes and cut them into thin slices, 
Then you peel and cut the onion into very small pieces and you put them in a bowl.
meanwhile, pour the oil into a pan and heat it in the fire.
when the oil is hot, you fry the ingredients.
Mix the eggs with a pinch of salt and the parsley in a bowl.
When the potatoes and onions are fried, mix them with the eggs with a knife.
and return everything to the pan and fry all the ingredients.
when one side is done, turn over the omelette.
Wait a few minutes and it is ready.
you can accompany it with a tomato salad.
i hope you like it.
Santiago Compostela vs London
I am native of Santiago de Compostela, a small city in the north of Spain, which happens be very different from London in many aspects but very similar in others.
For example, Santiago and London are both historical places, but Santiago doesn't have as many theaters and cinemas as London.
Santiago is famous for Christian pilgrimages and its universities, which are very old but are still attended by many students.
In fact, in winter Santiago's population grows from 95,000 to 150,000.
In London there are millions of people and cars, so the pollution in London is much worse than in Santiago.
The old city of Santiago is as impressive as the most famous buildings in London.
Many of Santiago's buildings are made of polished granite.
When it rains at night, the granite shines more, making it very romantic to walk through its streets.
In London it rains a lot too, but I don't consider it to be as romantic as it is here in Santiago.
The food in Santiago is much fresher and cheaper than the food in London.
One of our most popular foods is shellfish, and there are a lot of restaurants near the cathedral that serve this meal.
I really recommend visiting Santiago!
On holidays with my friends
Hello my friends!
I´d rather go to Paris in my month of travel because my syster sister told me about its and she said me that is a wonderful place.I wish to go to Paris because my sister told me that it is a wonderful place.
I´d rather go to Paris in my month of travel because my sister told me about it and she told me that is a wonderful place.
I hate losing my time in a transport so I´d prefer to go by plane there.I prefer to travel by plane because it saves me a lot of time. 
I hate wasting time travelling so I´d prefer to go by plane there.
I hate wasting my time travelling so I´d prefer to go there by plane.
the number of days and the type of holiday don't matter.
Awaiting your opinion opinion.
Bye
agony aunt
Dear crazy,
I have read your letter carefully and I realise you have a serious problem with your wife.
Although you have already spoken with her you must try it again and tell her how you feel.
She has to understand you can't carry on in this situation.
You ought to explain to her that if she spends more time with her mobile than with her friends or family, she is an addict.
Probably she is going to reply: "You are crazy.." or "The problem is yours not mine..".
In this case, you must demostrate to her that you are right.
You can follow these steps:
You should switch off her mobile for a whole day.
If she is happy with her mobile being switched off then she will get better in few weeks.
But if she is stressed and angry all day, you must take her to the doctor.
I hope this letter helps you
Good luck!
Computers
As far as the best twentieth century invention is concerned, the computer is, in 
my opinion, the most important invention. 
Computers have revolutionized every aspect of our lives.
They obtain results faster and with more precision than people do and make fewer mistakes.
Important medical advances have been achieved through computers.
They control our vital constants in a hospital.
A pregnant woman can see her child via computer before it is born, etc..
A great revolution in information sharing appeared when the net was invented.
Nowadays, we can find all the information we want and connect to people all over the world though a computer with access to internet.
In fact, networks have changed the wold.
Borders between countries don't exist in the new virtual world created by computers.
The laws we once knew are invalid and others have to be created.
The world economy is changing, new opportunities have appeared with e-commerce.
If your company can´t be found with a search engine, it doesn´t exist.
Unknown people can became famous uploading their videos to the net.
The proliferation of computers is like the industrial revolution of the nineteenth century.
rioting
What is happening in London?
Since fifth of August there are several riots along city.
They started at Tothenham because police killed one black man, apparently without any good reason.
Since that, hundreds of shops have been broken into.
More than one house and bus has been burnt.
Indeed ,two youngers were murdered by gangs.
The black killed man´s family fit in anger and started the riots this night.
All the gangs of London are conected via Internet.
They organized riots sending texts each other.
At the first time, it seems people were fed up of the system, but now I realize that it is just an excuse for vandalism.
The primer minister is taking measures for sort the wole things out.
In fact, six hundred people were arrested during these days.
Although they are charged of looting, they are not afraid because they have never suffered consequences of their acts.
Government called on back rights to teachers and parents.
fast food
Nowadays, food has become easier to prepare.
If you have a look to the shelves in a supermarket, you will see hundreds of products that are ready to eat.
I think that this change has not necessarily improved the way people live.
It only supports our new lifestyle of having to work more hours and harder than people did last century.
Therefore, they do not have much time to spend on cooking.
For example, when I was working in a IT company, I always ate out or brought canned food because I only had an hour long lunch break.
Those days, I got incredibly fat because of all of the junk food I was eating.
Despite the fact that it is widely known that canned food is far unhealthier than fresh food, people are eating it at an increasing rate. 
One reason for that could be that canned food is cheaper than fresh food.
In conclusion, we all know that fresh food is highly rich in vitamins and is even much cheaper if you take advantage of the benefits.
However, we are increasingly eating out.
Why?
The best answers is that we do not have enough time for cooking.
Black Swam
The movie that has surprised me the most this year is "Black Swan."
"Black Swan" is a 2010 American psychological thriller film.
It was directed by Darren Aronofsky and starred Natalie Portman.
Its plot revolves around a ballet production (Swan Lake) in a prestigious New York City company.
Nina is a ballet dancer who spends most of her time dancing to become the best.
She lives with her overbearing mother, a failed dancer, who now tries to control much of Nina`s life.
When the director of the company has to cast a new principal dancer, Nina is selected to compete for the part alongside several other dancers.
The lead will have to portray both the innocent White Swan and the darkly sensual Black Swan.
Nina fits the part of the White Swan perfectly, but she lacks the passion to dance the part of the Black Swan.
The director doesn`t intend to cast Nina as the Swan Queen.
When Nina visits the director to request the part, he forcefully kisses her.
Nina bites him on his mouth
and runs away.
The director sees her potential and gives her the part.
However, Lily, her understudy, has a personality that matches the Black Swan.
When the two compete for the parts, Nina discovers a dark side to herself.
my day
today I wake up and I take a shower i go to eat breakfast in a restaurant then I go to school and i go to school and I put my books in the classroom then we go with my brother to the secundary next we go to swim and then we eat and i do my homework and I eat dinner             
GOOD BYE
Hi !!
Hi!
I'm Angel and I'm from Spain, I'll be taking the CAE exam in two weeks time so I would like someone to correct my writings.
If you are learning Spanish I could help you with whatever you need :).
Please let me know if you want to exchange our writings.
:)
See you, 
Hello :-)
Hello everybody 
I'm Alejandra,I'm from Colombia and I live in Bogota, I hope to learn many things here, especially with my writing or my grammar.
Although I don't know so well how is here :S I'm studying social communication and journalism so I must be good with this language.
Bye Bye
Hello World
Hello World, I would like to learn English. What is the first step on this website?
Hi
I'm beging to see movies in English from can improve my english
Hi
I had practicing taekwondo 
Looking for Help
I'm searching a website where I can learn English, somebody may knows ...
Hi
Other cold day, don't stop of rain in Colombia
Back at the University.
Classes resumed today at my university, which had been closed for about a month.
Many things have changed.
Now there are security cameras everywhere, and the access to enter the university is more limited.
Many people who sold candies or coffee before won’t be able to do it anymore, because that is no longer allowed.
The university resembles a jail, with all those restrictions, the cameras, and those boys in blue at the entrance. Those boys in blue? That makes it sound like you are referring to a specific group that we should know about. Should we? If not, just take out "those."
I am aware that there were many problems and riots inside the university before, but I don’t know, I don’t think that things are better now. Might sound better to say "things are any better now" or "things are necessarily better now."
I Work in a Rabbit Hole
I was chasing after looking for new adventures, and I found myself inside a big rabbit hole; but instead of entering a wonderful world, I started to work at a company that I thought would be good.
Now I am enclosed by walls all day.
I don't even know when it's raining outside.
I can’t help but hope to get out of this rabbit hole one day.
I work ten kilometers underground.
I dread having to spend my life living underground..
I miss the smell of flowers, I miss the shining sun, and of course I miss watching raindrops falling down from the sky.
Sports
When I was a child, around the age of 4, I liked to play soccer.
I guess I played it until the age of 15 or so but stopped playing because I moved to a new city and couldn't find people to play with.
Some years later, at the university, I played again but I was not good at it.
At the university I began to play ultimate.
If anybody doesn't know what ultimate is, it is that sport with the frisbee.
I liked ultimate a lot, but I was not very good at it.
So I practiced ultimate for about six months, then I stopped.
As you can see, I am not good at sports.
I am not like those jocks.
I don't practice sport a lot, but I do like to go jogging.
However this doesn't mean I am a couch potato or anything. I study most of the time and I read a lot.
However from time to time, I watch sports on TV.
My favorite is soccer.
Besides soccer is the most popular sport in my country.
People talk all day about soccer.
Football, on the other hand, is not very popular in my country.
Almost nobody plays it.
Some people play basketball, but this is still not as important as soccer.
Some other sports have gained attention in my country but only for a short time.
For example when Edgar Retenria won the championship with the Florida Marlins, it was presented on TV.
and also, when Juan Pablo Montoya was in F1.
Absence
I have been absent from here for a long time.
Actually, I was not very busy or anything, I was just doing something else.
I decided to stop writing and grammar exercises for a period of time, so I did a lot of practices in speaking and listening.
Now I have come back.
I hope to continue improving my writing skills.
I watched a wonderful movie: "The hours" with Nicole Kidman.
It is a great movie.
It is about Virginia Woolf's life.
I think the letter Virginia wrote to her husband Leonard just before his death is one of the best letters in history.
I like her sensibility and sincerity.
See you soon.
Clocks
Dealing with time is always annoying, but it is necessary.
I never liked to wear a watch on my hand.
Instead, I took the bands off, and I carried it in my pocket.
I would say that I prefer clocks to watches.
In my house, there is a clock in the living room where I could see what time it was.
When the battery died, we took the clock down so that people wouldn´t get confused by the wrong time.
The clock still fills that space in our minds, though.
We always look in that direction, and it is sad to see that empty space.
What's more, because of the shadow of the clock, the paint in that space is more colorful than the rest of the wall. Through my students last year and talking to Spanish speakers who speak English, I've realized that it's very common for Spanish speakers to use "besides" incorrectly. It is not a strict translation for "además." I can't explain it well, though- sorry!
The color tells us that there is something missing there, that a clock belongs there, that we have to move on and charge the clock battery.
At my university, I don't need a watch either.
I know where all the clocks are.
For example, there is one in the entrance of the library.
There is another in the cafeteria, and there is another in the dean's office.
And clocks have another advantage; they are used by many people, whereas watches are used by only a few people.
Besides, sometimes people get angry when someone asks them what time it is.
I think that that kind of people shouldn't own watches.
public transportation
Public Transport
Today I'll talk about the transportation in my city.
Today I'll talk about the transit in my city.
I live in a town that is quite near the big city.
I live in a town that is very near a big city.
Most of the time I like to stay in my owntown, but sometimes I have to go to the big city, for example, to study, or to go to the Library.
Most of time I like to stay in my town, but sometimes I have to go to the big city to study or to go to the Library.
When a I have to go to the city, I can take the bus or the metro.
When a I have to go into the city I can take the bus or the Metro.
I prefer the bus because I think it is more exciting.
I prefer the bus because I think it is more exciting.
The metro is kind of boring.
The Metro is kind of boring.
In town I always go by foot.
In town I always travel by foot.
Besides, I like the bus over the metro because on the whole, the bus' tickets are cheaper.
I also like taking the bus instead of the Metro because on the whole, the bus' tickets are cheaper.
Plus the buses work the whole day--24 hours a day.
The buses also run 24 hours a day.
The Metro only runs until 11 p.m.
The good thing about the metro is that you can read in it.
The good thing about the Metro is that you can read on it.
If you try to read on a bus, you will probably get carsick.
If you try to read on the bus, you will probably go blind.
But it doesn't matter because I like reading at home.
When I go by bus, I get the chance to sleep 20 or so minutes.
When I go by bus I get the chance to sleep for 20 extra minutes.
To Work, or not to Work
Today I had a job interview.
I had long avoided getting a job,
but now I think that the time has come.
It is not like I had a problem with jobs and working. What do you mean by "had a problem with"? Do you mean that you weren't opposed to the idea of working? Or that you had never had problems in your past jobs? It's unclear.
It is just that I have spent the last two years dedicated to my literature studies.
The reason I am looking for a job is that I feel that I need more work experience while I am still young.
It has been two years now since I've had a full-time job.
I have had a few part-time jobs- mostly at my university- in order to have some money for, you know, tickets, books, beers, and so on.
Having a full-time job has always been hard for me because I think that eight hours a day is too much of a time commitment for me.
I know that there are many people who work longer hours than I do and have no other choice, but the real issue for me is that I need a lot of spare time to dedicate to my studies and my reading.
That is what concerns me.
I think that it is an absolute necessity for me to read at least two hours a day, as well as two more hours for my English studies, and of course the university too.
I really need to spend a lot of time focused on improving my English. 
To be more precise, I didn’t actually have an interview today; instead, it was a kind of test to demonstrate the logic skills of the interviewee.
Those who pass the test will begin a course in a sort of arcane technology. Arcane? Not sure what you mean by that. Maybe specialized?
that will last one month.
During that month, the company will give two more tests in order to decide whom they are going to hire.
Sentences
I am out of shape: I just walked two miles and I was wheezing all the way. Good- some other word choices which could be slightly better might be "panting," "huffing and puffing," or "gasping for breath."
I dread having to clean the house, but my mom is coming and she likes the house to be clean. I changed it with the assumption that you live with your mom. If not and she is visiting YOUR house, it was fine as it was.
I dread hearing strange noises when I am alone at home.
Juan was so angry that he broke off the lock of the door because it didn’t open.
Kate and Adam were having a lot of problems, so they decided to break it off.
Pedro broke off a piece of his cookie and gave it to me.
They were having a roll in the hay but they stopped when they hear the sound of the door opening.
Stop mumbling, speak clearly; I can’t understand what you are saying.
My mother lives in a bungalow near the metro station.
Don’t steal. If you do so, you will be entering the doorway to prison.
She was watching a movie at the movie theater and her cell phone started to ring, so she rapidly put her purse on it to muffle the sound.
World Cup
Over the past few weeks, people have only been talking about football.
These days, people only talk about football.
Well, I am no exception to that rule.
Well, I am no exception.
For this reason, I want to talk a little about the World Cup.
I think Argentina will win the cup.
As Maradona said, “We have Messi”.
Currently, Messi is the best football player in the world.
He is very fast; and when he is running, it looks like the ball is attached to his foot.
Some people say that Ronaldo or Rooney is the best, but both are already out of the competition.
However, I am worried about Argentina´s next match.
Germany's team played a good game against England's team.
Germany's team played a good game against England's team.
Argentina vs Germany will be the best game in the next stage of the World Cup.
Despite this, I am sure Argentina will obtain its third cup.
You Cannot Step Twice Into the Same Stream
I think of Heraclitus and that famous phrase of his, "You cannot step twice into the same stream".
Is there anything truer than that?
I look at myself and can see that it is true- I am constantly changing.
Today I want to talk about an important change in my life that occurred when I was in high school.
When I was a child, I was a very good student, especially in math. Or, if you want to say that this has continued up into the present, you'd write: "Ever since I was a child, I have been a very good student..." or, "Ever since I was a child, I have been very good at math" if you're not a student anymore :p
I thought of a smart person as someone really good only at math.
I felt more comfortable with numbers than letters.
I didn’t care about Spanish or Art classes.
I got very angry when I didn’t get an A on a Spanish composition, just because the teacher didn’t agree with my ideas. If you're talking about a one-time occurrence, say "I once got..." If this is something that happened more than once, "I would get..."
On the other hand, there was math: I could always be quite sure that I would get an A just by looking at the answers in the book after taking a test, because there was only one correct answer.
In my last year of high school all of that would change, though.
In Spanish class, I had to read a book. The good thing was that I could choose it.
My choice was One Hundred Years of Solitude.
I read it very quickly.
And then I became very fond of the arts in a way I never could have imagined.
I discovered a doorway to a magic world.
I realized that the arts were more powerful than anything else in the world.
The most important thing about them is that you can dream.
After that I got closer and closer to the arts, most of the time in literature. Or maybe you could say something like, "more and more enthralled with" or "went deeper and deeper in"
That is why there is no point in trying to change something by force.
There will come a time when that change will come to our feet further on down the stream.
Don’t push yourself or anyone else so hard.
There is still too much water in the stream.
A walk by the mountain
Yesteday, me and two friends took a walk by the mountain.
Yesteday, two friends and I had a walk by the mountain.
It took us four hours or so.
The landscape was beautiful, we found a small waterfall where we had a swim.
In order to get to the waterfall it is necessary to go up a stream
 Sometimes the terrain is difficult.
One of my friends wasn't able to pass some land by himself, so I had to gave him a hand.
One of my friends wasn't able to walk a stretch of the track by himself, so I had to give him a hand.
One of my friends' cell phone broke.
How to make some special food
Well, I'll teach how to make fried eggs.
Servings: 1 person.
Ok, first of all you need an egg.
If you have a chicken the egg will be free.
If not, you'll have to go either a grocery store or a supermarket.
An egg should cost around 200 pesos.
Once you have the egg, put it on a rough surface while you look for a pan.
It is important not to put the egg on a smooth surface because it could roll and fall onto the floor, and cleaning it up it is not fun.
Then you put the pan on the stove.
Turn the stove on.
Next, pour some oil into the pan.
To be heart healthy, only use a little oil. This will reduce the amount of cholesterol and lower your chance of heart disease.
Once the oil is hot, crack the egg into the pan.
Now you have two options: soft yolk or hard yolk.
If you want soft yolk you cook the egg for a minute. If you want hard yolk, you cook the egg for two minutes.
Now you have a delicious egg to eat.
Bon appetit.
Library
Today I was in the university's library looking for some books to read.
I wanted to read either a book by Mejia Vallejo or one by García Márquez.
There are many ways of saying this. "I wanted to read a book by either Majia Vallejo or Garcia Marquez." I wanted to read either a book of Mejia Vallejo's or of Garcia Marquez's." "I wanted to read a book by Mejia Vallejo or Garcia Marquez." etcetera y asi sucesivamente. 
I found Mejia Vallejo's first, so that's the one I borrowed.
I first found a book by Mejia Vallejo, so I borrowed it.
It is called "Y el mundo sigue andando".
I don't know what the correct translation in English would be.
I don't know what it would be the correct translation into English.
Then I went for a cup of coffee and began to read.
However, when I got home, I set it aside and continued my reading of Andrés Caicedo.
However, when I got home, I left it aside and continued my reading Andrés Caicedo.
Pets
When I was a kid I had a pet that I lovedvery much.
It was a little monkey called Antonio.
In those days I lived on a farm, so it was the perfect environment for Antonio.
There, he could run, and he could climb the trees. or he could run and climb trees.
Unfortunately Antonio died.
After Antonio my family have had a lot of different pets, mostly dogs.
After Antonio, my family had have a lot of different pets, mostly dogs.
Now that I live in the city, we have only a cat.
Now that I live in the city, we only have a cat. or only hae one cat.
It's name is Lucho
and it is a very smart cat.
It does a lot of amazing things, like knocking atthe door when it wants to enter.
It does a lot of amazing things, like knocking on the door when it wants to enter. or wants to come inside.
Sleeping on the bus
I am attending a course in the afternoon by this month.
I am attending a course in the afternoons this entire month.
I leave the classroom at 6 p.m. One could think that’s the happiest moment in the day, but that’s far from the case.
I leave the school at 6 p.m. One would think that that’s the happiest moment in my day, but that’s far from the case.
At 6 p.m., since it is rush hour, there are traffic jams all over the city.
It takes me one hour to get home.
It takes me an hour to get home.
Normally it would take me half an hour.
Normally it takes me half an hour. This is fine as it is. You can change the order to "It normally..."
However I take advantage of that additional time in the bus, by sleeping.
However, I take advantage of that additional time on the bus by sleeping.
As I sleep for few hours in the night, that time is perfect for replenishing my supplies.
As I don't get much of sleep at night, that time is perfect for replenishing my energy supply.
There are some inconveniences on the bus, however.
I would feel uncomfortable.
I feel uncomfortable. This is fine as it is. You are talking about something that you have already experienced, right, so it is correct to phrase this in the present tense.
The heat would rise. .
It gets really hot.
And from time to time I hit my head on the window while I am asleep.
I know that a in a bus there’s not a bed.
I know that a bus is not a bed.
But one leaves off so tired that sleeping presents itself as the best choice.
But one gets off work feeling so tired that sleeping presents itself as the best choice.
Hemingway’s Top 5 Tips For Writing Well
I am considering adopting Hemingway’s rules for writing.
I don’t like following rules,
but I am having a lot of problems with my long English sentences.
So I will just try.
The first rule says, “Use short sentences.” I don’t have a particular problem with short sentences;
it is just that sentences in Spanish tend to be long.
It's the same in French.
Just read García Márquez or Proust to see for yourself. 
I like long sentences,
but making them requires greater language proficiency because it can be rather difficult.
It is because of the use of relative clauses, conjunctions, and all that jazz.
Hemingway’s second rule is, “Use short first paragraphs”.
This sounds smart.
Short paragraphs are easier to read than long ones.
The third rule is, “Use vigorous English”.
This rule is hard to apply
because it’s tough to say what vigorous English is.
The number four is, “Be positive, not negative”.
This rule can be true at times.
This rule can be valid.
However, sometimes being negative gives a somewhat beautiful feel to our text.
However, sometimes using negatives gives our text a beautiful cadence.
I find some pleasant rhythms in double negatives, “We don’t need no education,” for example.
Hemingway’s fifth rule is the funniest: “Never have only 4 rules”.
I hope to become a better English writer following these rules.
If not, I will go back to my favorite long sentences.
Addition
While on my way to the university by bus, I like to talk about any issue in English.
This is just for keeping practice.
Today I tried to talk about math, but I realized that I didn’t know how to properly talk about math in English.
For that reason, when I came home, I decided to look for some children's math lessons on the Internet.
When you are learning a language, you are like a kid in all ways. What I mean is, you must relearn everything you have learned until now but in a different language.
So, I dived right into math.
So, I dove right into math.
I studied some beginning addition lessons using sets in order to explain how it works.
A neat way to teach kids how addition works is like this: get a yardstick and something to mark it, it could be a rock or a minute stick.
For example, to add 5 + 6, place the mark at the position of the yardstick with the number 5, and then, move up 6 places (since it is plus 6).
Your final position should be at 11.
So, 5 + 6 = 11.
Isn’t it easy?
Cooking
There is a kitchen in my house.
People used to cook there.
My house’s kitchen is small. These three sentences sound short and choppy. I would connect them, perhaps like, "The kitchen in my house is small." You probably don't need to mention that that is where you do the cooking- that's implied.
There is only a refrigerator, an oven, and a table. 
I cook on weekdays and my mother cooks on weekends.
I cook on weekdays, and my mother cooks on weekends.
I’m pretty good at cooking because I have been doing it since I was young.
I like to cook beans, a very popular food in my region.
There are many families who eat beans every day.
I think of the kitchen as a magic laboratory where magicians make their potions.
The result and tools are different though.
To prepare a good meal, it is necessary to combine all the ingredients in a proper and precise way.
If you add too much salt, for example, the potion-food will be horrible and won’t be able to be eaten.
Making a poem or a piece of music is similar to cooking bread.
Yesterday
Yesterday, a friend of mine visited me.
He showed up, because he wanted me to lend him a book.
"Of course," I said.
So he left my house with "Siddhartha" in his hands.
Then I watched the Chelsea vs Inter game on TV.
I didn't like Inter, so I wanted Chelsea to win.
But unfortunately Inter won.
I didn't like Inter because I think that they should be able to play better with all those skillful players.
Then I began to read a little about Saussure, but I didn't get it.
It is quite difficult to understand.
I went to bed around 10 p.m. Bye.
Yesterday's Chores
Yesterday was a busy day for me.
I worked all day.
When I got up I thought I would be able to read "War and Peace" all day, as I am on vacation, but things went very different than I had planned.
You see, At 7:00 a.m. my uncle came home.
My mother and he had set up a plan for doing some work on the house.
My mother and he had set up a plan for doing some work on the house, so I had to help my uncle.
So I had to help my uncle.
We changed all of the baseboards of the house.
Then in the afternoon, I went downtown with my mother in order to buy some presents for my mother's friend.
"Some" is not the correct word. I should have said "a lot".
k.
I should have said "A lot".
I carried a big bag full of presents all over downtown.
Then we went to the Transport Terminal and sent the presents by bus.
That night I finally read a couple pages of Tolstoy's prose.
Cutting my Hair
Cutting My Hair
This week I cut my hair.
This week I cut my hair.
I was forced to because I don't like to.
I didn't want to; I was forced into it. Your original sentence gets the meaning across but is a bit awkward.
As you can see by looking at the photo of my profile, I have curly hair.
As you can see in my profile picture, I have curly hair.
I enjoy curling my hair all day while I am waiting for someone or something, or while I am thinking.
I really enjoyed playing with my hair all day while I was waiting for someone or something, or while I was thinking. I assume you mean playing with your hair here. "Curling" your hair means actually using a curling iron.
I really enjoy playing with my hair while I am waiting, or while I am thinking. 
I guess it is just relaxing.
I guess it is just relaxing for me. Or, "I guess I just find it relaxing."
Members of my family are not happy with my haircut style because they think that my long hair is not in style.
Members of my family were not happy with my hairstyle because they think that long hair is improper.
My family is not happy with my hairstyle because they think that long hair does not look professional.  
So they were happy this week when they looked at me and my new hair style.
So they were happy this week when they saw me and my new haircut.
So they were happy this week to see that I had gotten my hair cut.
When I used to have long hair, I felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought same as Alice when she said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude."
When I had long hair, I felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought the same as Alice when she said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude." Lol
When I had long hair, I felt like Alice in Wonderland when the Hatter said to her, "Your hair wants cutting." And I thought the same thing as Alice when she said, "You should learn not to make personal remarks, it's very rude."
The Gift of the Magi
I have just read the story "The Gift of the Magi" by O'Henry.
Henry.
I think it is a good story.
I will tell what it is about.
There is a married couple who love each other.
It is Christmas, and they are very poor, so they don't have enough money to buy each other a special present.
However, each of them owns something very special: the man, a gold watch, and the girl, her hair.
So things get a bit crazy.
He sells his watch in order to buy a comb for his wife's hair, and she sells her hair intending to buy a chain for her husband's watch.
So they learn that gifts are not the most important thing at Christmas.
Love is.
Beyond the limits of poetry and painting
I am reading a book by Lessing, entitled, 'Laocoon.'
Its title is "Laocoon."
Its title is "Laocoon".
The book analyzes the relationship between poetry and painting.
Sometimes they have similarities, and sometimes they are completely different.
Poetry is always dealing with the passing of time, i.
e.
actions through time.
On the other hand, in painting you cannot paint time; the painter has to paint one static image, and what is most important in his or her pieces of art is the composition of the scene.
Another important aspect of poetry is that the poet can write about both visible and invisible things.
But painters can only paint visible things.
They have to paint invisible things through symbols, such as clouds or other similar things.
Lessing explains these aspects through many examples from Greek literature and painting, especially the Iliad by Homer.
Lessing explains these aspects through many examples from Greek literature and painting, especially 'The Iliad' by Homer.
Back To The University
Classes at my university restarted today.
The university was on strike for almost two months.
Finally, the dean of the department of dentistry decided to resign.
So, the situation of the university is now back to normal.
Since we have been out of class for about two months, today everybody was kind of lazy.
When the French teacher asked us some questions in French, we had a tough time trying to answer because we had forgotten so many things.
I even forgot how to say why in French.
I mean, I was unsure about whether to use "Parce que" or "Pourquoi".
The class was interesting; we watched a video about Monet, the French painter. 
We didn't have English class.
It seems that the English teacher isn't aware that the strike is over.
That is why I have just sent him an e-mail explaining the current situation at the university.
That's all for today.
See ya.
Operating Systems
Most people use Windows, which is the most popular operating system all over the world.
However there are many other operating systems, and this is a fact that many users don’t know.
Usually people buy a computer with Windows already installed on it, so they think Windows is the only operating system.
That is not true.
There are more than one hundred operating systems and every operating system has its advantages and disadvantages.
However almost everyone uses Windows.
I want to present Linux as a better alternative than Windows.
It is important to point out that Windows and Linux are different.
So you shouldn’t expect to find a Start button, or the same Control Panel with the same options.
Usually you would complete all tasks you do using Windows in a different way using Linux.
They are sometimes similar but never exactly the same.
So you should be patient while learning a different way to do things.
However you would be satisfied when you accomplish your learning.
My Friend Richar
When I met Richard by chance at the airport last sunday, he was with his wife.
I hadn't seen him for ages, so I didn't know her.
He got married a year ago.
Of course he introduced her and 
I found her very nice.
We all had a long talk, you know, talking about the past, the present , and of course, future projects.
They seemed to be so happy that it made me very happy too. If I understand you correctly, this would work better. 
We said "good bye", promising to meet again very soon .
Going back home, I thought she was the perfect wife for Richard, and hoped that she could help him manage his terrible mood.
Nushu
Two years ago I was working as an assistant Spanish teacher at my university.
Every week the teacher gave the students some readings, and they had to extract main idea sentences, topic sentences, and also summarize the texts.
Every week the teacher gave the students some readings and they had to extract the main idea sentences and the topic sentences, as well as summarize the texts.
My duty was scoring all their work.
My job was to grade their work.
Most of the time, the readings were quite boring; however, once there was a very interesting one. I feel that it's redundant to say "good," since this would already be captured with "interesting."
It was about Nushu, a very recently extinct language spoken only by women. Or, "a language spoken only by women that very recently became extinct."
On September 23 of 2004, an old woman Yang Huanyi, the last person speaking that language, died, along with the language.
On September 23, 2004, Yang Huanyi, the last living speaker of the language, died, taking along with her "the link to what was likely the world's only female-specific language." I made up what's in between the quotation marks, but the sentence flows better with something like that.
Nushu had been created 1700 years ago for women, and it had been passed down from generation to generation.
Nushu was created 1700 years ago for women and was passed down from generation to generation. Or, "from one generation to the next." Never use an article before a language- never ever ever!!!
I used to think about that language a great deal. If you're going to use "would" to indicate the imperfect, you should provide a time reference to indicate this. Otherwise, it is easily confused with the conditional. "When I was in college, I would think..."
It seemed to me that women could come closer to each other thanks to that private language. 
Humans are always creating signals: with our eyes, with our walks, and even with our simple existences.
All those signs are dispersed everywhere, although.
All those signals are dispersed everywhere, however. It seems to me that you frequently confuse "however" and "although."
To gather all those signs and be able to put them together in a coherent way by creating a language is such a great feat.
To gather all those signs and put them together in a coherent way by creating a language is a great feat. If you really want to emphasize it, you could say "a tremendous feat."
The Nushu women put men apart.
By creating a language that was a exclusively for women, the Nushu women effectively kept men out.
Since the women kept the language a secret, there was no way in for men.
However, it seems that men haven’t learned their lesson yet. What lesson? This sounds like an accusation, but I don't see what you're accusing them of.
To create a language means that those who comprehend it can come closer to each other, but it also means isolating those who can’t understand its signals.
I think of lovers, for example.
They can create a language that only they can understand, and nobody else in the world can gain access to that private intimacy.
Everyone else is outside of the boundaries they create.
However, like Nushu, a language that has died, many loves die too.
I know three languages right now: Spanish, English, and my lover and my language.
I have three languages right now: Spanish, English, and the private language I share with my lover.
I care about those languages; I am always learning new things, and I am always creating new words in those languages, which is the most important thing for preventing the extinction of a language.
Because I care about those languages, I am always learning new things and - the most important thing for preventing the extinction of a language - I am always creating new words in those languages.
I love my three languages; I will keep on speaking them and learning them.
I love my three languages. I will keep on speaking them and learning them. The ending seems a little abrupt... seems like you could add something as a flourish to add balance and wrap up your essay.
Vacation
I'm on vacation, but unfortunately it is going to end very soon.
I feel like I haven't enjoyed my vacation enough.
There are mainly two reasons for this: first, I had to work almost all through my vacation as an assistant teacher; and secondly, my father became sick and had to be taken to the hospital.
He stayed there for around five days, and when I went to visit him, I became sick too.
So I spent around three days in bed.
My vacation ends next Tuesday, but I want a little more time.
Besides, I'm behind with some readings and I want to finish them.
The path
The path from my house to the university is very peaceful.
Sometimes I sit down outside only to watch the people passing by.
And in an hour, only two or three persons cross it. Technically, there's nothing wrong with 'persons,' but most people would use 'people.' 
Cars never pass.
It is my favorite place to read.
Cultivation
John abandoned the city and moved into his farm.
There, he encountered many adversities, including a pack of rats that grew very quickly and damaged his crops.
He decided to poison them.
John enjoyed cultivating tomatoes.
He fertilized them more than any other crop.
Each month, he increased the amount of fertilizer for his crops.
By doing this, he obtained better vegetables.
In addition to the fertilizer precipitation also aided to cultivation.
Idioms with "Bird"
Today, I studied a lesson on the Internet.
It was about some idioms that use the word “bird”.
The first idiom was, “A little bird told me”.
This expression is used when we don’t want to disclose who told us some personal information.
In Spanish this expression is quite similar, I mean, we also say, “Un pájaro me lo dijo”.
The second expression was, “You eat like a bird”.
This expression is used to express that somebody doesn’t eat much.
In Spanish it’s the same since we say, “come como un pajarito”.
The third expression was, “The early bird gets the worm”.
This expression means that the one who arrives to an opportunity first is the one most likely to obtain a benefit
In Spanish it’s completely different as we say, “Al que madruga, Dios le ayuda”.
The fourth expression was, “A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush”.
It means it’s better to have something for sure than to expect to get something better in the future.
In Spanish we say, “Mejor pájaro en mano que ciento volando”.
We just exaggerate a little as we use the number “100” instead of “2”.
The last expression was, “To kill 2 birds with 1 stone”.
It means to obtain two benefits with only one action.
In Spanish we say, “matar dos pájaros de un solo tiro”.
Final Fantasy X
When I was a child videogames was one of my hobbies that I enjoyed the most.
When I had a NES, my favorite game was Mario.
It was amazing, jumping over the Koopas and all, rescuing Princess and Toad, and  defeating Bowser.
I thought I would never would find another video game as amazing as Mario.
I thought I never would find another video game as amazing as Mario.
But I was wrong, I realized this when I played Metroid III on the SNES.
Metroid was more amazing than Mario.
This is because in Metroid, there is a more complex story, the action is crazy and it is terrific looking. You can also improve your skills or the main character.
On PSOne, I had many loves, but specially two, "Parasite eve II" and "Final Fantasy VII".
On PSOne, I had many loves.  But there were two special ones: "Parasite eve II" and "Final Fantasy VII".
Those are games with which I spent a lot of time entertained.
I spent a lot of time being entertained by these games.
I was away from videogames by many years, because you know, studying, working, reading.
I didn't play video games for many years because you know, studying, working and reading.
But one month ago, a friend of mine lent me his/her PS2.
The first videogame I thought of was "Final Fantasy X".
The first videogame I played was "Final Fantasy X".
I bought it and now I am playing it.
I would say that it is not as good as FF VII or Metroid, but it is a great game.
I would say that it is not as good as FF VII or Metroid but it is a great game.
I fell in love with some characters.  Especially Lulu because I like her personality.  Also Yuna because she is so nice.
I have played around twenty hours with this game.
I recommend FF X to you.
I recommend to you FF X.
About Extra Textual Analysis
Performing extra textual analysis on a text is fundamental in translation of both natural sciences texts and social sciences texts.
Performing extra textual analysis on a text is fundamental in both translation of natural sciences and social sciences texts.
Extra textual analysis is a powerful and essential tool for doing an accurate translation of a given text because it is necessary to understand a text prior to translating it. 
Extra textual analysis is a powerful and essential tool for fulfilling a fine translation of a given text, since before translating a text it is necessary to understand it.
It cannot be said that extra textual analysis is more complex in one of these types of text than in the other .
It can not be said that extra textual analysis is more complex in one type of text than inanother one.
A rich amount of extra textual information such as cultural aspects and relationships among the different fields of the science is found in both types of texts.
In both of the two types of texts, a rich amount of extra textual information is presented, such as cultural aspects or relationships among the different fields of the science. This sentence is a bit of a problem for clarity of understanding.
For example, in the paper “Salvador Dalí or the Persistence of Memories –True and False,” it is crucial to be aware of who Sigmund Freud, André Breton and Federico García Lorca were. It is also important to possess a knowledge of the Surrealist Movement, since Dalí was one its main members.
For example, in the paper, “Salvador Dalí or the Persistence of Memories –True and False”, it is vital to be aware of who Sigmund Freud, André Breton and Federico García Lorca were; besides it is important to posses a knowledge of the Surrealist Movement since Dalí was one its main members.
To be able to understand and translate this article it is necessary to know about Dalí's personality, which was always very closely tied to his work.
To understand and then translate this article it is necessary to know about Dalí's personality, which was always very close to his pieces of work.
If you misunderstand what the author is saying, mistakes will likely be made in the translation. 
If you misunderstand what the author is saying, then some mistakes in the translation could appear.
In the text, “Cloning Protocol of Aloe Vera as a Case Study for ‘Tailor-Made’ Biotechnology to Small Farmers,” the translator should be aware of some fields of biology such as biotechnology and cloning.
In the text, “Cloning Protocol of Aloe Vera as a Study-Case for ‘Tailor-Made’ Biotechnology to Small Farmers”, the translator should be aware of some the fields of biology, such as biotechnology and cloning.
It is not enough to merely translate what an author says in his text. The translator must understand the relationships among the text he is translating and other similar texts.
It is not enough to translate what an author says in his text.The translator should be a kind of an erudite and know the relationships between the text he is translating and other similar texts.
Getting a job
Finding a job can be troublesome.
Sometimes you find what you are not interested in.
I have been looking for a job quite a long time, and I haven't found anything.
I have been looking for a job for quite a long time, and I still haven't found anything.
I would like a teaching job, such as math or one involving computers.
I would like any kind of teaching job, for example, in maths or computers. "Maths" is British, just so you're aware.
What I dislike the most about getting a job are the interviews, because I have to cut my hair, and I don't like hair cuts. I also do not like dressing in uncomfortable clothes.
What I dislike the most about getting a job is the interview, because I have to cut my hair and dress in uncomfortable clothes.
And sometimes you have to pretend to be what you are not.
I like teaching because it forms the men and women of the future generations. 
And my favorite day of the week is…
Each day of the week has a different color, a different smell, a different god.
The sky of a Monday looks different from that of a Saturday.
Sometimes I wish I were like Borges' Funes; the memorious to be able to remember all the days I have lived in my life with all of their particular nuances.
Was it raining the day I was born?
How many stars were in the sky on the starriest night I have ever seen?
I know that in Hinduism, each day of the week is devoted to a particular god.
Sunday, for example,the most popular, is dedicated to the Sun God.
I am not Hindu, but I also have a personal meaning for the days.
I met my girlfriend on a Friday night whose sky was more beautiful than ever. For that reason, Friday is devoted to starry nights.
I started dating my girlfriend on a Saturday; that is why this day has come to mean rebirth.
Sunday is once more the Sun God because it always contains a promise within it, a brilliant promise.
Monday is the day of the moon because I howl at the moon like a wolf, begging for my dreams to come true.
I would like to get married on a Wednesday because it is in the middle of the week, and that special day will divide my life in two parts.
I will tell about Tuesday and Thursday later on.
They are so similar that I get a little confused.
Wuthering Heights' Chapter 12
I read Wuthering Heights' chapter 12.
It is about Miss Isabella.
She has become a woman now.
She is eighteen and for some unknown reason, she has been fighting with Cathy.
Cathy asks Miss Isabella why she has this attitude towards her.
Miss Isabella confesses her love for Heathcliff and accuses Cathy of being a selfish thing for wanting Heathcliff for herself.
So next, Cathy warns Miss Isabella to not love Heathcliff because of his real nature.
She tells her that Heathcliff is only interested in her money.
Of course, Miss Isabella doesn't believe in Cathy's words.
During Heathcliff's next visit, Cathy reveals to Heathcliff of Miss Isabella's feelings by telling him that the young lady is very fond of him.
Colombia
I live in Colombia, which is a country in South America.
It is the only country in South America that touches both oceans: Atlantic and Pacific.
The capital city of Colombia is Bogotá.
Other important cities are Medellín, Barranquilla and Calí.
Other important cities are Medellín, Barranquilla and Calí.
People in Colombia speak Spanish, however there are around 65 Native American languages.
People in Colombia speaks Spanish, however there are around 65 native american languages. In English, "people" is singular, so "people...speak".
Rain
It rained a great deal last night.
It is neat when you fall asleep to the sound of raindrops.
When I was young I lived on a farm and loved when it was raining cats and dogs. "raining cats and dogs" is correct, but it sounds kind of awkward here...I'd say "loved it when it rained."
When I was young I used to live in a farm and loved when it was raining cats and dogs.
I used to sing a song with my sister.
It went something like, “Que llueve, que llueve, la virgen de la cueva, los pajaritos cantan…” I wonder if there is a children’s song for the rain in English.
I woke up this morning and it was still raining.
I like this morning's smell.
I like the smell of this morning. I think that both ways sound fine.
It is a damp odor.
When it rains very hard, the day contains a smooth sadness , and I enjoy it.
I talk about the poetic side of rain, but of course I am aware that rain is not always poetic.
I mean, many people suffer because of rain.
I am talking about farmers whose crops are ruined because of the rain.
I am talking about farmers whose crops are ruined because of excessive rain.
But at the same time, I think that their crops are only able to grow because of the rain.
Also, many people lost their homes because of flooding caused by the rain.
I guess that everything in this world has to be balanced.
Neither too much nor too few is good.
Neither too much nor too little is good.
Klimt
Today, I watched a documentary called the "Private Life of a Masterpiece".
It was about "The Kiss" by Gustave Klimt.
What I like the most about Klimt's pictures is the color.I added "the" to emphasize the particular attribute of color. Even better would be:What I like the most about Klimt's pictures is his use of color.
It is said that "The Kiss" by Gustave Klimt is one of the masterpieces with the most merchandise in history.
It was painted in the golden period of the author.
The painting is about a kiss between two lovers.
The woman is on her knees, and you may think that the man is in the same position.
They both are covered by golden clothes.
It is important to point out the fact that the woman's hair is red.
It looks like Klimt loved women with red hair, and many of his paintings are filled with them.Even better would be:It looks like Klimt loved women with red hair, and many of his paintings feature them.
Tidy and Untidy
I live in an apartment with my mother and sister.
I have a brother, but he is married and now lives with his wife.
I have a brother to, but he is now married and lives with his wife.
My father lives on a farm far away from the city.
Well, living with my sister is a little bit hard. I'm very messy and my sister wants everything to be clean and tidy.
As a result,  we are always fighting each other.
I don't have problems with my mother because she is more relaxed than my sister.
Actually, my mother is untidy too.
Every time that I look for you, you are not here (UPDATED)
Sure, art can be like life.
One can find art everywhere: in things made by human beings, things made by nature, or things made by God.
Art is so immense and ungraspable and ineffable.
When art is present in a novel or short story, it is something created by a mind, something that has to do with imagination (even if it is based on reality).
Sure, art can be like life.
I can find a good example with photography.
I sometimes contemplate how it is possible for art to manifest within a picture.
The picture is something that was “true”.
The art is possible mainly because of two things: the composition of the scene and the eye of the camera.
The eye of the camera is nothing more than the eye of the artist, the eye of a person.
Life can be lived in just one way.
How can you live an artistic life?
Can a hog live an artistic life?
Let’s imagine a big hog.
Well, it is a creature of God, and it is wonderful; it likes to wallow in mud, as we all know.
Now, while the hog is playing in the mud, let’s take some pictures of it.
One of those pictures will show half of the hog, and instead of the other half, maybe the space that it is looking at will be present. I'm not sure what "it" refers to. 
Another picture could be a complete picture of the hog.
There could also be a picture taken from the sky that will show all the mud that is surrounding it.
One taken from below will show a powerful hog and a beautiful blue sky.
You get the point; there are lots of pictures of the hog; and there was just a single fact (inspiration): a hog in the mud.
Life is like that big hog.
It can be shown with either mud or sky as its background.
It all depends on how we perceive it.
We should be artists with our own lives.
You should take the time to look for the best angle to see this world and our lives; you should take some time to make a proper composition of life with the things that we all have at hand.
You don’t need to go to Egypt to take a good picture of the hog accompanied by a pyramid.
No, you can take a good picture of it in the mud.
Be an artist.
Look from a proper angle.
Take good pictures of your life.
Every now and then, save one of them in an album and show that beautiful collection of memories to your children and grandchildren, sitting on a sofa as an old man.
Greek Literature
Hello everyone.
Yesterday, I began to study Greek literature.
I decided to start with Aeschylus, because he is one of the first playwrights.
At the library I found a book containing the complete plays by this author.
It seems that this book will be amazing.
There are some well-known tragedies within it, like Agamemnon and Prometheus Bound.
I think that Greek literature is amazing, as they invented literature, and it is very important in order to understand the subsequent literature.
It is a universally accepted truth that many cultures and literatures take something from Homer or Hesiod.
After reading Aeschylus, I will read Sophocles.
Amazed by Juan Rulfo
Amazed by Juan Rulfo
Amazed by Juan Rulfo
Amazed by Juan Rulfo
Gabriel García Márquez
The day I discovered Juan Rulfo will be, without any doubts, a main chapter in my memories, as the day I discovered Franz Kafka.
The day I discovered Juan Rulfo will be, without a doubt, a main chapter in my memories. This is because it was the day I discovered Franz Kafka.
I will tell the story.
I had arrived in México the same day that Ernest Hemingway killed himself with a gun, on July 2, 1961. I have to admit that I hadn’t read Rulfo’s books yet, and what’s more I hadn’t even heard anything about him.
I lived in an apartment, without elevator, on Renán Street in Anzures colony.
I lived in an apartment without an elevator on Renán Street, in the Anzures colony.
We had a double matrix on the floor in the main dormitory, a cradle in the other room, and a table in the living room with only two chairs that were useful. That is where I ate and wrote.
We had a double matrix on the floor in the main dormitory, a cradle in the other room, and also a table in the living room where I ate and wrote. Altogether, there were only two chairs which were used in all the rooms.
I was 32 years old.
I had a brief career as a journalist in Colombia.
I had just stayed three useful and hard years in Paris, and eight months in New York.
I had just stayed three beneficial but challenging years in Paris, and eight months in New York.
In that moment, I just wanted to write movie scripts in Mexico.
At that time, I just wanted to write movie scripts in Mexico.
The literary atmosphere in Mexico in those days was very similar to Colombia´s, and I felt great among them.
The literary atmosphere in Mexico in those days was very similar to Colombia´s, and I felt great among them.
Six years before I had published my first novel, “The Leaf Storm”, and I also had three unpublished books: “No One Writes to the Colonel”, that appeared at that time in Colombia, “In Evil Hour”, that was published by Era Editorial, later by Vicente Rojo, and finally a short stories collection, “Big Mama’s Funeral”.
Six years before I had published my first novel, “The Leaf Storm”, and I also had three unpublished books: “No One Writes to the Colonel”, that appeared in that time in Colombia. “In Evil Hour”, that was published by Era Editorial, later by Vicente Rojo; and also a collection of short stories , “Big Mama’s Funeral”.
So I was a writer with five underground books, but that was not my real problem, since I hadn’t became a writer in order to become famous, but in order to be loved by my friends a little more.
So I was a writer with five underground books. However, this was not a real problem for me because I hadn’t become a writer in order to become famous, but to be loved by my friends a little more.
I thought that I had already achieved that.
I thought I had already achieved that.
My big problem as a novelist was that after those books I felt like I was in a blind alley.
I was looking everywhere how to escape from that. "...everywhere for a way or means to escape..."
I already knew those good and bad authors that could have taught me something, and, I felt like I was spinning.
I didn’t consider myself exhausted; on the contrary, I felt that I still had to write many additional books.
It was just that I hadn’t found a convenient and poetic way to write them.
I was that way when Álvaro Mutis went upstairs seven floors to my apartment with a box full of books.
I was feeling this way when Álvaro Mutis went upstairs seven floors to my apartment with a box full of books.
He looked inside for the smallest one and gave it to me and told me with a smile on his face, “Read this thing, so that you can learn how to write”.
He looked inside the box for the smallest one and gave it to me, telling me with a smile on his face, “Read this thing, so that you can learn how to write”.
It was “Pedro Páramo” by Juan Rulfo.
This is a translation.
Walt Whitman
I think Walt Whitman was the best American poet ever born.
I read his work for the first time five years ago.
From that time on, I have been reading his beautiful poetry almost every day.
What I like about Walt Whitman, is his simplicity and his plain language. I think it is easy to understand but powerful and full of life.
What I like about Walt Whitman is his simplicity and his plain language; I think it is easy to understand his work, and yet, it is powerful and full of life. 
I read Walt Whitman poetry in a translated version by the Spanish poet, Leon Felipe.
A Table is a Table
"A Table is a Table" by Peter Bichsel is one of my favorite short stories.
A Table is a Table, by Peter Bichsel, is one of my favorite short stories.
It is supposed to be a children's story, but that is far from the case. Or, "it is not at all."
It is supposed to be a kids story, but that is rather far from reality.
I mean, a kid could read the story but he wouldn’t be able to understand it, because it has to do with language.
I mean a kid could read the story, but he wouldn’t be able to understand it because it has to do with language.
Wittgenstein, the philosopher of language, said that the limit of our language is the limit of our world, which means ─or so I think─ that everything outside of our language does not exist for us, because to imagine a language is to imagine a form of life.
Wittgenstein, the philosopher of language, said that the limit of our language is the limit of our world, which means ─I think─ that everything outside of our language does not exist for us because to imagine a language is to imagine a form of life.
Getting back to the point...
As I was saying, "A Table Is a Table" deals with language ─that very tough topic. Maybe some better synonyms for "tough" would be "difficult" or "thorny." The only reason I changed "has to do with" to "deals with" is because you wrote "has to do with" a few lines ago, so in order to not be repetitive.
I was saying that A Table is a Table has to do with a very tough topic, language.
The story is about an old man who lives alone in a small room with only a few objects: a table, a bed, a clock, a chair, and an album.
The plot of the story is about an old man who lives alone in a small room with only a few objects: a table, a bed, a clock, a chair, and an album.
The old man rarely talks to his neighbors.
He always wears gray.
He always is dressed in gray.
He is very bored with his life and with his world because every day is the same for him; nothing changes.
He is very bored with his life and with his world because every day is the same, nothing changes.
One day he thinks: “Why do I call things what I call them? I mean, the French call my bed a ‘lit’, and they call the picture a ‘tableau.’
One day he thought, “Why do I name objects this way? I mean, the French call my bed ‘lit’, and they call the picture ‘tableau’.
And they understand each other.” As a result of that thought, he decided to change his world.
And they understand each other.” According to that, he decided to change his world.
He says, “From now on I will call my bed a table, and my bed is going to be called a clock, and I will call my clock a chair and so on and so forth.”
He said, “From now on I will call my bed a table, and my bed is going to be called a clock, and I will call my chair a clock and all”. ...on and on...or...and so on...
He finds it funny and laughs a lot.
He thought that was funny, and he laughed a lot.
Then he begins to practice his new language.
Now, he began to practice his new language.
He practices every day. When you train for something, it is for something that is upcoming, some future event. A piano recital or a sports competition or a contest. Here, it seems that he wants to learn his new language but doesn't necessarily plan to use it in a competitive way.
He trained himself every day.
But he wants to take it even further.
But he wanted to go farther.
He says, “From now on, ‘get up’ means ‘see the time’, ‘see the time’ means ‘wake up’, etc. What do you mean by "see the time"? I think you mean "see what time it is." Also, you don't need an ellipsis after "etc."
He said, “From now on ‘get up’ means ‘see the time’, ‘see the time’ means ‘wake up’, etc…
Again, he practices often in order to memorize his new language.
Again, he practiced memorizing his new language a lot.
Now he says things like,
Now he talked something like, "At 5 a.m., I see the time from my table."
“At 5 a.m. I see the time from my table.”
“At 5 a.m. I see the time from my table”.
He begins to translate the songs he remembers to his new language.
He began to translate the songs he remembered to his new language.
But one day…
But, one day…
(To be continued)
The story is great.
Of course, I might have - no, I am sure I did- changed the story a little bit, but it is not a big deal.
Of course, maybe not, I'm not sure, I changed a bit the story, but it is not a big deal.
It is just for practice.
Another, Other, Others, the Other and the Others
I decided to do a whole entry dedicated only to these difficult words.
It has just been frustrating that always I use them in a sentence, I get many corrections.
The other day my mom said to me, “I have bought some caps.
One of them is red, another is green, another is yellow, and the other is purple.
Which one do you prefer?” I said, “None of those colors is one of my favorite, can you buy me another (one)?”  ─Can I use both “another” or “another one” in that last question with the same meaning?
She got upset; “Who do you think you are.
I have only these ones.
If you want other cap, then buy it yourself.
I have five sons.
And you are always the only one who is not happy with the things that I buy, why don’t you be like the others (or should I say like “your other siblings”)?” She claimed.
Serrat Will Return to Medellín
“A Tribute to Miguel: Son of the Light and the Shadow” - this is the name of Joan Manuel Serrat’s international tour that will bring the singer to Colombia for shows in Calí, Medellín, and Bogotá this year. 
A Tribute to Miguel: Son of Light and : this is the name of Joan Manuel Serrat’s international tour that will bring the singer to Colombia for shows in Calí, Medellín, and Bogotá this year.
This time, the artist will combine on the stage songs praised by the public throughout the singer's career, along with poems full of life, from Miguel Hernández’s work; whose 100th anniversary of his birth was recently celebrated.
This time, the artist will combine on the stage songs praised by the public throughout the singer's careerwith poems full of life from Miguel Hernández’s work, whose 100th anniversary of his birth was recently celebrated. I read the original article- what a beautiful word is natalicio.
The concerts will begin in Calí, in the Jorge Isaacs Theater, on March 8 and 9.
Then the artist will come to Medellín, to the Metropolitan Theater, to present his show on 11th and 12th of the same month.
Then, the artist will come to Medellín's Metropolitan Theater to present his show on the 11th and 12th of the same month.
Shows will finish in the Jorge Eliécer Gaitán Theater, in Bogotá, on March 14 and 15.
Shows will finish in the Jorge Eliécer Gaitán Theater in Bogotá on March 14 and 15.
Swimming Class
I'm attending a swimming class at my university.
I'm taking a swimming class at my university.
I am at level 3.
There are a total of 8 levels.
The first level is for people who don't know anything about swimming, in other words, people who have never swam before.
In the second level, the ¨front crawl¨ is taught.
In the third level, the ¨back crawl¨ is taught.
Classes began two weeks ago and unfortunately, I missed the first four.
My first class was today and I received bad news: you only can miss up to four classes per level.
For that reason I have already failed the course.
However, I will continue attending e classes because I need the practice.
Pictures of Cavemen
These paintings were made around 20,000 years ago in the caves where the cavemen lived.
In that time the cavemen didn't know how to keep cattle, or anything else about farming.
So they used hunting as one way of surviving.
It is strange, because back then they didn't have suitable tools for hunting large animals, like buffalo or deer.
They began painting those animals on the walls of their caves, then they struck the pictures with their spears or threw stones against them so that they would be able to kill those same animals in reality.
It was like magic; they killed the images in order to kill the them for real.
They didn't paint for entertaiment.
And every image was only useful once, because you cannot kill a real animal twice.
Naruto
I have just watched Naruto Shippuden Episode 156.
Awesome!
If anyone doesn't know what Naruto Shippuden is, I will tell you.
Naruto Shippuden is an anime series from Japan.
I like it very much because of its action scenes.
In some aspects, it is like Dragon Ball Z, but I think Naruto is better than Dragon Ball Z, as Naruto's plot is a bit more complex.
Naruto is the main character of the story, but he is not the strongest one.
His best friend and rival at the same time Sasuke is far stronger than he is.
So, Naruto is training very hard in order to bring Sasuke back to his village.
But now Sasuke wants to kill everyone in the village, so it would be very hard for Naruto to decide between his village and his friend.
How to Cry Properly
Ignoring the reasons for the tears, we will concern ourselves only with the proper way to cry. By this I mean the kind of crying that neither turns into a racket nor insults smiles with a parallel but clumsy likeness.
Crying typically consists of a contraction of the face and a jerky sound accompanied by tears and snot.
The snot comes at the end because the crying stops when the person blows his or her nose vigorously.
In order to cry, think about yourself, but if this is difficult for you, maybe because you have grown so accustomed to believing in the outside world, think instead about a duck covered with ants or about any one of those gulfs in the Strait of Magellan, where nobody never enters.
When the crying comes, you should politely cover your face with both hands, with the palms facing inward.
Children should cry with the sleeve of their jacket covering their face, and preferably in a corner of the room.
The crying should take about three minutes.
This is a translation of Julio Cortázar's "Instrucciones para llorar."
Staying at home
I’ve recently been staying at home on Friday nights.
At some point in the past I stopped going out.
I don’t know what the reasons were. Optional, more natural: I'm not sure why exactly.
I guess it’s just that people change.
I remember that all week long, I used to look forward to the weekend to come in order to go out to the bar.
I used to get a bit drunk all weekend long, from Friday to Sunday.
But now it’s completely different, and it looks like I’m moving in some other directions.
It’s not that I think that there is anything wrong with going out so frequently or getting drunk; just that I feel more comfortable staying at home.
I remember that when I couldn’t go out for some reason on the weekend, I would be restless at home.
Now, I love staying at home. Fyi, an option for "staying at home" is "staying in."
Most of the time, I stay and read a book.
I like to read about history, literature, and math.
Once in a while I visit the bar I used to go to, and I feel now like a completely strange. Don't know if you want to say "now I feel like a complete stranger" or "now I feel very strange."
Some friends of mine that used to go there too moved to other towns, or other neighborhoods.
I think that we grow fond of places because of people we connect to those places.
There is nothing special about the places at all.
We could grow fond of a place because either we met people we liked there, or that place brings back memories of people that used to pass by.
It’s not like I’m enclosed by walls; as Emily Dickinson said, “There is no frigate like a book / To take us lands away.”
Pablo Neruda
I wanna write a little about Pablo Neruda, who is my favorite poet.
Pablo Neruda was born in Parral, Chile in 1904.
When he was a child —around the age of 4— his mother died.
He began to write at a very young age
One day when he was older, he showed one of his poems to his father, who only said: "Where did you come up with this?"
When he was an adolescent, he traveled to Santiago, the capital city.
There he began to study at a university.
At the age of 19 he wrote 20 love poems and a song of despair.
That book would become the favorite text of many people.
Then he began to travel and travel around the world.
He visited Singapur, Spain, Mexico, and Peru
In 1971 he won the Nobel Prize.
He died in 1973 in Chile.
Here is something from him:
Sonnet XXVII:
Naked, you are simple as one of your hands,
Smooth, earthy, small, transparent, round:
You have moonlines, applepathways:
Naked, you are slender as a naked grain of wheat.
Naked, you are blue as the night in Cuba;
You have vines and stars in your hair;
Naked, you are spacious and yellow
As summer in a golden church.
Naked, you are tiny as one of your nails,
Curved, subtle, rosy, till the day is born
And you withdraw to the underground world,
as if down a long tunnel of clothing and of chores:
Your clear light dims, gets dressed, drops its leaves,
And becomes a naked hand again.
Languages
Ok, I am back, but really?
I mean, I am back, once again dealing with languages, with a clear goal –to become fluent in English.
I wish I could learn languages just by desiring it. It's not that I like to achieve things without any effort, it‘s just that I want to learn all the languages in the world, and I have only one life to do that in.
But here I am, trying to master a language that seems easy to me, but in which I have been stuck for years.
Most of the time, I feel sad because I don’t see any improvement in my English, and I know that it is entirely my fault; I know that I have to work harder.
There are many reasons to learn languages.
Personally,I hate hearing a word in another language, and not being able to catch its meaning.
Imagine that the world is a field of flowers and you can't smell a rose that is right in front of you.
You know that the rose has a shape and a color, but what is the point of knowing all that if you cannot smell it?
Gabriel García Márquez
I have read García Marquez's complete works.
The first book I read was "Chronicles of a Death Foretold".
I was in high school.
I liked it very much, so I decided to read his most famous book, "One Hundred Years of Solitude."
That book was awesome.
It became my favorite book.
The story about the Buendia family is like the story of humanity.
In it you can see every possible aspect of humanity, especially solitude - García Marquez's favorite topic.
Not only are Garcia Marquez's novels good, but also his short stories.
I read for example a short story called "Ojos de perro azul".
It is amazing.
In it he describes a wonderful story: A man and a woman meet in their dreams and talk, but they want to meet each other in reality.
However, only one of them remembers the dream after waking up.
So she looks for him with a key phrase that they use in their dreams: "ojos de perro azul".
Lampshade
Yesterday was Mary’s birthday.
She turned twenty.
I didn’t know what to buy for her, because she is the kind of person who finds nothing completely suitable.
So, I went downtown in order to look in every mall.
I didn’t feel like buying a book or chocolates or flowers.
I wanted something more original.
When I got tired of going from mall to mall and not finding anything good enough, I found a very strange store.
It was like a museum of authors.
There was the cane used by the well-known writer Oshima Kasaki.
There was the cane used by well-known writer Oshima Kasaki. Good job with the hyphen, I know a lot of natives who don't use it correctly. =P
However I realized that the cane wouldn't be a good present for her.
Then I saw a lamp that had a picture of Pablo Miyasaki on its lampshade.
“Finally, here it is”, I said.
So I bought, despite the price.
So I bought it despite the price. I don't think the previous editor meant to take out the word "it". This is more correct.
So I bought it in spite of its price.  I think it is fine like this; I don't think any corrections are necessary.
It was very expensive.
The Trial
I have begun to read The Trial by Franz Kafka.
I think that it's a fascinating story.
It reminds me of Alice in Wonderland because of the absurdities presented in both books.
It reminds me of Alice in Wonderland because of the absurd presented in both books.
Unlike Alice in Wonderland, the occurrences in The Trial can happen to anyone.
Unlike Alice in Wonderland, though, the events of The Trial could happen to anyone.
There is no rabbit, nor Kings, nor Queens, and for a short period of time, there are no fanstastic elements within the novel.
There is no rabbit or Kings or Queens, and for a short period of time there are not any fantastic elements in the novel.
However, the main situation of the book itself is very weird.
It's about a man who is arrested having done nothing wrong.
It's about a man who is arrested without having done anything wrong.
He doesn't know why he is being arrested. *Or, "...why he was arrested."
Neither do the people who arrested him.
The entire story —from the beginning to the point I have read— develops around that strange case.
Reading Kafka's books is just great.
I have read The Metamorphosis, and some of his short stories, and I think he is one of the best writers of the twentieth century, along with Marcel Proust, Virginia Woolf and García Márquez.
How to complain about 
Dear Sir/ Madam,
I am writing to complain about the washing machine I recently bought, model Eco Logi xxx i-Dos.
After installing it, the washing machine began to malfunction, makes loud noises and now its door can not be opened.
After installing, the washing machine went wrong, sounds bad and now the washing machine's door cannot be opened.
Immediately, I called technical support and your assistant manager offered me some solutions to my problem: I could change the model or I could have a technician sent to me.
I chose the technician, because the first option would have taken more than one month.
I was promised that he would arrive in two days, by the morning and by this time, two weeks ago since I called ask for help. I don't understand the second half of this sentence.
I called your phone number but my call was never answered. 
I would like to know if it is possible that the complaint was not received, and I would also like to ask when the technicians will come.
I would be grateful if you could give a solution as soon as possible, because I am desperate.
If it is impossible to solve my problem, I would like a refund of my money
Thank you for your help with this matter.
Sincerely, "Yours faithfully" sounds too personal for a business letter.
Carmen P.
Es un ejemplo de carta formal para mis clases de inglés, y para escribirla he seguido una serie de pautas que aparecen en mi libros de clase.
No sé si son las normales que se utilizan, así que os dejo el nombre de mi libro para que opinéis.
- ACKLAM, Richard, CRACE, Araminta.
Upper Intermediate Total English.
Ed: PEARSON Longman, 2006
XD!!! This is Really Good!
My vacation
*Me with my violin
Well, today all I have to say is...
I am really bored ¬¬...
But, yesterday *o* I saw my dreams being made a reality, ><!!!
I can play the electric guitar *.* It’s a really satisfactory experience...
This week I can't write in my blog :/...
Or draw in my notebook T.
T...
But, I can play my violin :), and it has a great sound!
*.*, really I can!....
T.
T it’s beautiful...
That's all :)
Hello everybody ^^
Today, I will try to translate this paragraph from my book "Capitán grisam y el amor"...
Querida hadita de nombre impronunciable, pero que con un poco de práctica aprenderé a decir, mi nombre es Lala Tomelilla y soy una bruja de la luz.
In English :S.
Dear fairy whose name is unpronounceable, but which with a little practice I will learn to say, My name is Lala Tomelilla and I'm a witch of light.
It's 8:19 AM in Colombia ^^ 
Today I want to go read my new book!!!
His name is "Capitan Grisam y el amor", but I'm boring and, I don't know why T-T?.
This is my O.o... writing
Hello people =D...
XD!!!, I'm new in this site O.
O...
I'm waiting learn in this site english, because...
it is important for my live u.
u...
Thanks for the help :), and that is all XD!, Bye :)
My favorite history of lenore!!! ♥.♥
It's really good U.
U
I Have a problem ¬¬...
I don't know how to do it!!!
I want to learn Japanese, but the kanji...
T-T really are difficult ><!
Does anyone know a fun method to learn kanji
Please T-T...
I need help in this.
Its Sad
I don't know what to write, but I think that is sad to "meet" people and you can't talk with them because you have different scheduls.
What do you think??
(Ok, I think I'm better in the English than 3 months ago =^.
^=)
Shibaraam1
The sun was slowly bidding farewell to the valley of Argaan, a paradise in the skirts of the Asmadaar Mountain(1) range which was dotted with trees as well as thickets and blanketed with green grazing land much to the contentment of herbivorous mammals along with their predators.
 A orange sky, clear of clouds, opened expansively until vanishing behind the peaks of the mountain range whose crests were shrouded with everlasting snow and whose foothills were carpeted with a dense forest, which made them almost impenetrable.
 In the heart of this valley subsisted Liinde'si, the southern outpost of the Jotari realm.
No rightly a town, no even a village, just two buildings and three or four tents around a well, which granted shelter for a garrison of eight warriors and their families, as well as some few furs traders.
Total population: 37.
However, considering that Liinde'si was the only post in the area, there was a lot of transit of hunters, trappers and fur traders coming in and out.
 “Hey Katain, can you please help me reaching the tree by the well so I can climb up?” Asked the young Asmaan to the warrior.
 Asmaan was a restless kid who has become the terror of the post, always getting in trouble by his out of control curiosity.
 “And what business has a little kid with a tree he can't even climb by himself?” Teased Katain the troublesome pest.
 “I want to have a better look at the sunset.” The kid responded quickly.
 “And picking some fruits in the process, I guess.” Laughed Katain at the quick response.
 “Well, what if I get some for you?” 
 “Ok, we got a deal.
Hope your mother don't get on me for doing this.” Katain lifted the lad and walking toward the lofty tree, assisted him in getting a lower branch.
Seconds later the kid was lost in the abundant foliage and Katain went back to his post.
 The sun was already gone and the first shadows of the night visited the surroundings when Katain decided to check on the boy.
 When getting close to the well Katain spotted five strangers around the pond, pulling water out of the well.
For the nature of the post it was not infrequent to see strangers at any given time.
Or at least that was what Katain thought at seen those five characters.
 “Be welcome to our hospitality!” He saluted while nearing the strangers.
That would be his last greeting.
 The five strangers turned around and at sighting Katain they just vanished in thin air.
Katain had barely time to realize that those were not ordinary people but some eerie creatures, before his throat was slit from behind.
 Asmaan's mother, who has been looking for the kid, witnessed the slaying and shrieked frightened.
In seconds the entire garrison was around the well, weapons in hands, just in time to see how a creature stabbed her in her back.
They charged outraged but didn't stand a chance against the heinous creatures, who only could be seen when it was too late.
The manslaughter lasted five minutes and after that Liinde'si population dropped to one.
That one being Asmaan who, from the tree, watched the whole massacre.
Salutation
Hello:
My name is Jenny, Ì`m studing english in the city of Bogotà.
I would like travell, i would like learn other languages besides of the english.
Please, could you correct the mistakes of this paragrah.
Thank you
jap goverment...sorry a bit long...i have tried the translator goggle..its very good i think.cheers
The central government in Japan is a monarchy constitucional3 in which people over 20 can vote in suffrage universal.14 Traditionally the Emperor is a symbolic representative of the nation.
In practice, it is a partial or parliamentary democracy, the people will not vote for a president, but members of Parliament and they, in turn, vote for a Prime Minister from one of them.1 5The time a prime minister remains in office depends on how long you can maintain the support of a majority in parliament.
Japan had until the 2009 elections a dominant party (the Liberal Democratic Party in local government: The governors of each prefecture are elected by the people, but its independence is limited by the central government budget allocated to each prefecture.
Bureaucracy : The bureaucrats or public servants survive changes of government.
They plan and implement the policies decided by the government..
The bureaucrats have some influence on government decisions and ministries make the rules for the whole country..
The bureaucrats ministries hold meetings with various interest groups that work closely with requesting or proposing reforms that benefit the country.
Japanese goverment system? Can this explain the Japanese Govt well enough?
The central government in Japan is a constitutional monarchy in which people over 20 can vote in universal suffrage.
Traditionally the Emperor is a symbolic representative of the nation.
In practice, it is a partial or parliamentary democracy, the people will not vote for a president, but members of Parliament and they, in turn, vote for a Prime Minister from one of them.
The time a prime minister remains in office depends on how long he can maintain the support of a majority of the in parliament.
Japan had until the 2009 elections a dominant party (the Liberal Democratic Party in local government: The governors of each prefecture are elected by the people, but its independence is limited by the central government budget allocated to each prefecture.
The public servants hold meetings with various groups that work closely with requesting or proposing reforms that benefit the country, they plan and implement the policies decided by the government and  have some influence on government decisions and ministries make the rules for the whole country.
starting a cover letter
To whom it may concern
I am writing to inquire about a position, and to offer my services as ...
in case you need one at the moment.
attached is my curriculum history for futher Information.
Atte 
M  M
homework
Japan- The land of the rising sun
The Japanese civilization started in the Neolithic period also known as the Yayoi period that lasted until the 4th century of our times.
Japanese civilization started in the Neolithic period, also known as the Yayoi period, which lasted until the 4th century CE.
During that time Japan was strongly influenced by China from whom they adopted many things such as their writing system and Buddhism.
During that time, Japan was strongly influenced by China from which it adopted many things such as the Chinese writing system and Buddhism.
In the year 1600 Japan, after many years of fights between landlords, was finally unified and it was closed from contact with foreign countries. This ended in 1854 when the Meiji restoration began and important measures were introduced that transformed Japan into an important new power.
In the year 1600, after many years of fights between landholders, Japan was finally unified and closed to foreign contact until 1854, at which point the Meiji restoration began, taking measures that transformed Japan into an important new power.
In 1940, one year after the start of the second World War, Japan attacked Pearl harbor; an action that forced the USA to enter the war. The US's involvement finally ended with the dropping of two atomic bombs upon Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the capitulation of Japan on 18th august 1945; consequently Japan was occupied by the USA until 1952, from which point they experienced incredibly fast economic development.
In 1940, one year after the start of WWII, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor, an action that forced the United States to enter the war. The war ended with the dropping of two atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the capitulation of Japan on August 18, 1945. Japan was subsequently occupied by the United States until 1952, at which point it began incredibly fast economic development.
japanese alphabet
Nihongo de kaitai:kanji hiragana,..
somebody knows how to download that to my computer?arigatto, gracias,thanks
a little help please
I have a general question.
I am still pretty new with Lang 8 so I don't know exactly how it works.
For example、when someone corrects what I wrote, I would like to thank him/her but I am not sure how.
Also when I correct somebody's entry, I press preview/comment and send it but the preview is still appearing so I dont know when /whether I already sent it or not..
I can tell it is already sent because I can see the latest entry in the web page.
Ｃan someone give me a litle bit of orientation about how it works?
(and correct my English too!!)
ok
We catch a bus at 5:00.
Soccer Night
I'm kinda excited, tonight is soccer night with my friends :D.
I'm really happy 'cuz I haven't been able to play lately because of an ankle and knee injury.
I think I have recovered and tonight I'm playing with an ankle support and bandages on my knee :).
I hope to play nice and don't feel any pain.
(=
Job Interviews
I'm waiting for a call.
A really important call, a job interview.
I usually have trouble dealing with this kind of situations, I get really nervous and sometimes I get stuck and don't know what to say.
The last week I had an interview with a very large company and I messed up because the person asked me to describe myself, after a few words my mind went blank and the interviewer also wouldn't say a single word so I ended up repeating what I just had said.
The interviews are in english and I'm a native spanish speaker, but I think I have a really stupid psychological problem because I feel capable of speaking English in normal situations.
When I'm in a job interview I just don't know what to say, I forget both words and expressions, I really don't know what to do right know and I also feel kinda stupid.
:S
traditional festival
I want to introduce my typical town traditions .
At  the end of summer we have a fireworks festival at the beach. It was so wonderful.
At first of October we have city festival during which each street is decorated and we have music all the time.
People come down from their houses, put tables and chairs in the middle of the street and make dinner there every night .
It seems like an old town!
It’s so funny!
Also, one night at week ( around these days of celebration) we have all kind of costumes about dragons and big head humans. The tradition says they are our town guardians, and people dress up in the costumes and take a walk or playing drums and set off fireworks.
( I took photos for you).
We have giants too, to represent our old nobility and kings… and people also dress up as them and go for a walk.
Children wonder at it all, hehehe is so beautiful and funny!!!
I think we have strange traditions here in Catalunya!
nightmare
since i was a child, i always had nightmares,but there are two, that always repeats to me. The end of the world, and my own death.
Once,from out of space, meteors came to the earth and destroyed it all.
Me and my family ran away with no fate.
Another night,while i was cooking something to eat at home,a tsunami came quickly to Barcelona and the waves broke the windows and the water began to enter to our house and drowns us.
AAbout my own death. Once I was lost in my neighborhood.
It was a  dark night and a group of men were following  me.
Then i started to run so fast as i could, but the men caught me and sprayed me with gasoline...
in that moment i woke up immediately.
Another night I was walking at the park and someone came close  to me and with a long sharp knife stabbed me!
well i think maybe i have a problem with death in general..
Maybe the nightmares show me my problem and i should do something with it...
a letter for my Hawaian friend
This is a little letter from me to my friend in Hawaii; I'm introducing Spain's November celebrations to him:
Happy Halloween to you too! Here in Spain we have other traditions for this season aside from Halloween: All Souls' Day, and "Castañada Day," where we eat chestnuts and sweet potatoes, both grilled.
We also make a kind of sweet made with potatoes, sugar, marzipan, nuts,...
mmm, delicious!!!
I love the Castañada party, we have three parties in one!
What about your Halloween day?
Will you dress up?
By the way, what time is it in Hawaii?
What's the time difference between Spain and Hawaii?
Make this interesting
last night i was fighting with the girl that i love, maybe that is the reason for our fights, cause she has love, but she is so weak , so inmature, so child , i mean i love she but for that reason we have to many problems, what i can do?, help me with my english and comment about this situation if u want too :) thanks
Diving is NOT easy!
Hi there.
Well, I actually don't like english that much, but...
I feel like I should practice a little more, so I'll tell you how was my day.
:)
First, well...
I'm a Diver, you know, that crazy people that jumps into the water with some artistry ''moves'', but I'm not that good yet, I'm just a begginer.
I have a diving meet the next weekend in Phoenix, and right now I have vacactions and because of that I've been training really hard, so I'll be able to medal in the meet.
:)
But is not that easy, it's actually pretty hard, because of fear, fear is like the worst enemy as a diver, so I tried a new dive, with a lot of fear, but I tried...
Something worst couldn't have happened, I can't tell you how exactly was, but I landed in my back on the water absolutely horizontal.
It hurts a LOT, one of the worst pains in my life, just terrible, you feel like a million of ¿needdles?
on your back.
I gotta admit, I did cry, but not like screaming or something, haha!
I'm not that fragile!
Just some tears fled from my eyes (I know this is absolutely wrong, but I don't know other way to say it...
*blushes*)
Anyway, I'm kinda scared now with this new dive, but I know I can do it!
I won't give up, no pain no gain (:
See ya!
Help me please (:
Return from vacations
I've just return from a trip to the south of Brazil.
I enjoyed their beaches, and I missed a lot with their language.
I was speaking half in Spanish, half in Portugese, so I wasn't understood by anybody.
Now I'm back, and have to accomodate my language again.
Spanish is not a trouble, but today I must start writing english for my work.
Let's see how will I do it.
Hi!!
Hello.
My name is Claudia I'm 23 years old, I'm from Mexico and bla bla bla
Greetings
Hi, I am a new user of lang-8 and I need to know about this webpage.
How can I learn English here?
Thank you.
Hi
Welcome Summer!
Summer begins.
A perfect time to relax and go to the beach.
Make sand castles, swim a while in the sea and drink cold soda.
Take a nap under a palm tree and hang out with family and friends.
Have fun adventures in a very Simpsons-like style :D
That sounds like a perfect summer day for me ^-^  
English practice
I have learned English in my elementary school but i transferred to another school and the school in which i'm studying now dosen't teach English very well.
I think thay i may be forgetting my english because i don't use it as i used to do, i can't remember a lot of words and my pronunciation is bad. All is decaying, and i don't want to give up my english because it is very important in this world. So i will start writting here to practice my english. Thanks.
What i did today
Today i woke up almost at 12 p.m. because i seemed to sleep at 1 o'clock yesterday. Then i watched television, practiced, had launch, and then i went to school. 
I had computer class today and i had to make a calendar with Microsoft publisher. It was easy and i managed to get a good grade.
Right now i am thinking what would i have for dinner.
=P
Hi all
SSo, I'm new here in Lang-8, I'm a 22 years old spanish guy who's currently studying mainly Japanese and English, I'm looking forward to meeting new people and improving myself, feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.
So, I'm new here in Lang-8, I'm an 22 years old spanish guy who's currently studying mainly Japanese and English, I'm looking forward to meeting new people and improving my language skills. Feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.
So, I'm new here in Lang-8. I'm a 22 year-old Spanish guy who's currently studying Japanese and English. I'm looking forward to meeting new people and improve. Please feel free to PM me or correct my entries any time you want.
It rained a little at noon but right now it is very hot.
God!
If I go out I get sunburnt!
There is no telling when the hot season is going to end, probably soon.
Because there is no rain the country has energetic problems, it is not fun!
Do men get that they are not models?
Today I was talking with a colleague about the kind of partner one wants in life.
'That is easy' he said.
Immediately after this, he showed me a picture of a super model.
My first reaction was 'what's wrong with this guy'.
Ok, now let me make myself clear; he is just not the kind of boy who can simply say 'I want a super model.' xD He is average: neither handsome enough nor smart enough to keep a girl THAT interested.
I wonder to myself , why do they believe they can get an outstanding girl?
Just what exactly do they do for themselves to 'deserve' this kind of girl?
Aren't they just being a little too unrealistic?
What are the chances of a girl being picked up if the guy has a super model on his mind?
Gosh!
What's up!
Well, I'm trying to keep practicing English.
Sadly no one wants to help me xD
Whatever, I'm new to this blog and I have no idea how this works!
Do I have to talk about something in particular?
or maybe give a topic, who knows!
xoxox
Healthy food.
We must eat good because if we don't eat properly, we'll have health problems in the future.
For this reason, it's important to eat different types of dishes, for example: pasta, rice, soup, spaghetti or paella, vegetables, legumes, cold meat, and fruit. It's also important to eat bread and drink four liters of water a day.
If you want to eat a piece of chocolate once a week, or different variety of sweets, don't worry. You can eat it because it's good for your organism, which needs sugar.
In my opinion, Mediterranean food is the best food in the world, because they have different things that are good for our organisms. Unlike Mediterranean food, American food like hamburgers and hot dogs are bad, because they produce alot of fat.
e-mail
Hello sister,
Thanks for your letter, which I got a couple of days ago.
sorry, I've taken so long to write to you.
How are you?
I hope you are well.
I was looking forward to writing you because I have lot of things that you don't know.
First of all I have a new roommate, whose name is Peter, I knew him in the university because he also is my classmate.
In the university I have known lot of people and this weekend probably we will have a party in one of the house of the people I know.
The teachers are young and they seem funny.
Finally, I have found a new work, I'll work on a Friday night and after that, I will go out with my friends.
bye 
write soon.
Tv in spain
In spain we can watch different channels such as tve, antena 3, telecinco but at night I should choose a program.
I like watching show programs or entertaiment programs because I learn new things and I pass a good time with my family. Also, I love watching science programs such as CSI or "Urgencias" because I learn what to do in case there is a crime in my city or my family would suffer medical problem.
Oftentimes, I like watching comedy serial because it makes me laugh when I am sad.
I don't like gossips programs that speak of other people, but in Spain there are lots of viewers that watch this type of programs, and the channel that put this type of program earn lost of money.
In Spain there are lots of advertisement because channels need money to pay the actor and actress. In my opinion, it's boring, because if you watch a film you see more commercials than the film.
Also in Spain you can buy satellite and see more channels.
Sports
I'm going to talk about doing canoe, doing cycling and doing horse riding.
If you practice canoe it's important have a good arm because you put all force in your arm but in cycling you put all force in your legs, if you doing horse riding it's easier because you should say at horse where it must go, but you don't put your force in one specific part of your body.
In my opinion horse riding it's funnier than cycling because you can jump or run in different zones of the circuit but if you practice cycling you put the intensity in the cycle.
canoe it's funny if you go with other person or with one group and do competition with they and in my opinion it's the only sport of the three that only can doing in summer because if you can do cycling you can do inside and the same with horse riding in this case it's more complicated but you can it, also if you doing canoe you must have careful because if you don't know swim and the rive goes quick it's is posible that if you fall out you can drown, this sport it's the most dangerous sport of three.
New technologies.
In spain the new technologies are important for differents reasons, first of all all companies are comunicated to the rest of the world with computers and secondly if the director need speak seriously in one moment uses her mobile phone, also it's necesary that all people know how use this instruments because if they use wrong the object they finish the comunication with the rest of the world.
In school it's important the use of computers and electronic blackboard because the children learn better because they put more attention in the lesson, teacher use this technology for send a message to parents, give information, put a film, information to copy or stay in contact with children.
Finally if you go out with friends or stay far away and need anything, you can put in contact with your family thanks to mobile phone in this case because you stay in the street, also if you go on holidays you can use the GPS for go better and know for where go and don't arrive late.
In my opinion new technologies do better our life because it help people in any situation.
Pets
People buy different types of animals because need somebody who stay with her or him in house for not stay alone and he or she doesn’t pass frightened.
Nowadays the pets more used in the city are; dog that is the best friend of human, cat that can keep human company, fish a beautiful animal or mouse an animal that more people don’t like because they say that it’s a bad animal.
In countryside, people have other type of animals such horse for going countryside or practice horse riding, rabbit that can be a good pet or different bird such a parrot that sing in the morning.
In my opinion if you want to have a pet in your house it is necessary have different care because not all animal need the same care.
For example all animals need eat but not all eat the same also animal need have a shower twice a week for stay clean and finally all animals must go to see a doctor one or twice a year for put a vaccinate or have a revision of his/her health.
Even if you want to go on holidays don’t leave your pet alone in your house because you pet maybe die because it eat all in the same day or don’t have water, you must search a place where you can leave during your holidays and then you can pass to catch it.
Mamma mia film
Mamma mia is a comedy film where two young people are getting married, but the girl needs to know where is her father because she wants that her father will take her to the altar.
The young woman sends one letter to her three possible fathers, in the three letters, she said that she is Donna and she wants that he stays in the wedding of her daughter but she is the girl who sends the card.
When the three men arrive to the isle, they found Sophie and she said to them that her mother doesn't know that they are there.
In the end, Sophie and her boyfriend didn't marry but Donna is getting married with the father of sophie.
I recommend you this film because you will pass a great afternoon or a good night.
Means of transport
In Spain you can find different types of transport such train, car or if you prefer that somebody carry you to the place, you can put your finger in the road when pass a car, a van, a motorbike… but you should be careful because don’t all people are good.
In my opinion it’s more comfortable and secure the train because you can go sit all time and when you arrive at place you can heard that the train arrive at the place that you desire, it’s a bit expensive that go in your car but if you go in this transport you can read a book, listen music, watch a film or sleep.
I think that put your finger in the road it’s more dangerous that go in your car for several reason; If the weather it’s hot and you don’t have water maybe you can feel dizzy.
Also, if the cars go fast probably you can be hit and hurt violently and die or in the worst of the case the person who carry you, he can sequestrate you.
Finally if you want to go at different places and don’t have transport you have two possibilities, first pay and go in train that it’s the best secure transport in the world or say a family or a friend that you need that he or she carries you.
Formal letter
The big house 20
20087
20 September 2011
The small restaurant 1
Dear Paul, 
I was looking forward to writing you because I would like to work in your restaurant.
I have a good experience in restaurants because I have worked in a pub as a waitress for five years but now this pub have closed, I also have worked in the stand of partys of valladolid.
I speak very good english even french and spanish because it is my language.
However, I need to work on a weekend because I study in an university, anyway if I have to work also on a Friday night I can.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully.
Signature
Alba ------    ----------
what do you prefer stay in a camping or in an appartment?¿
I prefer staying in one appartment because I think that it´s more confortable that staying in a camping.
In this place it's posible that you find differents types of small animals, such us mouses, snakes, bats...
but if you stay in an appartment maybe you can see since your window the beach or the montains, it depends where you stay also if you go to appartment you can cooking when you want in your kitchen but if you prefer doing a barbacue it's better going to a camping, because this thing you mustn't do in a appartment because is dangerous, you can burn the house, also you can turn off the fire when you finish the food because if you don't turn off the fire you can burn the trees or montains.
In my opinion if you want know new people and talks with them , you choose a camping but if you want to stay alone you must choose an appartment.
Young people
Nowadays, young people have different hobbies. Much of all young people often go to discos or pubs and they pass all afternoon and night drinking soft drinks or alcoholic drinks. And if they are eighteen years old also they talk with their friends or new people and even they dance.
Other young people preferred to go out with their friends and do other things such practice sport for example futbol or basketball, going to the cinema, to the theatre or going to the restaurant for dinner and pass all night talking about their life.
There are young people that will prefer to stay in their home and study or do her homework and then have a rest listening music or drawing.
Amen
Rain was falling today as strong as it was when it started falling, all of the sudden, three months ago.
If this wasn't a hill, he thought, we would be thirteen feet underwater by now.
But it was a hill, and water goes down hills. The is not necessary here.
He didn't even remember what the sky looked like.
He didn't even remember the sky looked like. You could say "how the sky looked" or "what the sky looked like"
There they were.
The two of them.
Three, she corrected him.
Three, because the dog is also family.
The only thing that dog has served us is to make our food supplies end sooner, he corrected her. "Served is incorrect here".  You mean to say "The only thing that dog has done for us is make our...
Now you would dare to say we're four if there was a rat or a chicken on the hill. Did you mean "Would you dare to say...."
But there was nothing left.
Except for them.
The three of them.
The Saint Isidore remained motionless looking through the window where it was placed since the rain started to ruin the harvest, almost three months ago.   Since would be correct in Spanish, but in English you would indicate the time passage with "when the rain started..." 
It looks like he likes the rain, he thought, if he had it his way, it would never stop raining.
He took the figure in his hand and felt the urge of throwing it away so it would break.
He took the figure on his hand and felt the urge of throwing it away so it would break. to throw it..present tense 
The truth was that the destiny of Saint Isidore, the dog, even hers, didn't care anymore.
The truth was the destiny of Saint Isidore, the dog, even hers, didn't care anymore. If you used "that the destiny" you'd say "didn't matter anymore to him".  Or you could say, The truth was he didn't care anymore about the destiny of ..."
Thousands of little pieces...
The desperate shout.
Did you throw Saint Isidore out of the window!?
The insufferable crying.
He was the only one that could stop this rain sent to us by Satan!
The endless barks of the dog. "barking of the dog"  You need to use the verb form here because this is an action.
All-night-long.
The headache.
Only imagining the scene persuaded him to put back the saint to its place.
He felt miserable.
Again.
Rather, he realized again he was miserable.
A cramp in his stomach made him forgot about the figure.
They hadn't eaten anything in weeks.
He didn't understand why they hadn't died yet.
At first he was waiting for the dog to die.
She would have never let him kill it, so he had no choice.
How much can a dog stand without eating?... It would be clearer to say "How long can a dog last without eating?"
Apparently a lot, because after a week without food, the dog looked the same as always.
It must be eating something, and it eats all itself. I'm not sure if you mean to say "it eats all by itself" implying that the others don't see him eating.  
Now it was thin, but it didn't appear sick.
He desisted on waiting. While formally correct, desisted from is more formal and less colloquial speech than the rest of the story.  It would perhaps be better to say "He stopped waiting"
After that, he wanted to die.
It didn't matter.
The rain would never end anyway.
He thought about killing himself, but when he had the gun loaded, he imagines himself devoured by the dog.
He thought about killing himself, but when he had the gun loaded he imagines himself devoured by the dog. "imagined" himself.  Imagines would be present tense and he is thinking of himself in the future.  I think this is conditional tense. though I'm not sure of the tense but I know "imagined" would be correct.
Never.
He threw the pistol downhill through the window.
Damn dog.
However, he recently realized the dog was not guilty.
The dog didn't put the statue on the window frame when it looked like it was going to clear up.
The dog didn't take his food and served it on its own plate.
The dog didn't took his food and serve it on its own plate.
The dog didn't start the rain.
The dog didn't yell at him without reason, and the dog didn't expend the nights praying and crying.
The dog didn't yell at him without reason and the dog didn't expend the nights praying and crying. "spend the nights"  Expend really has a slightly different meaning, usually referring to spending money.
In short, the dog didn't destroy the improvised raft because it was too dangerous for the dog.
It could drown.
But he didn't think the dog cared about drowning.
No, the dog is not guilty.
When it dies, I will eat it with honors.
When it dies I will eat it with honors.   You only eat it with "honor" singular.
It was easy to know who was, one way or another, the cause of that infinite rain.
He thought about killing her since he knew.
Then, when it clears out, I'll eat the dog.
He was thinking all of this while sitting in a corner of the room that served as a living room, dining room, and kitchen of the house.
In the other corner there was she.
She was caressing the dog.
Saint Isidore was between them both, looking away from them.
He was watching the rain.
He rose from the floor with a log in his hand.
The dog started barking.
He could not stand an interruption.
He took it from the back and threw it against the wall.
She stood still.
He went closer, but she was still there, if she was dead."like" is not necessary.
Could she be dead?
He came closer to see if she was breathing and felt a bite in his leg.
He released the wood.
She got up if she was waiting for the dog to defend her. "as if"
Like if everything was already planned. you could say "like everything was planned", or "as if" 
She picked up the log while he was struggling with the dog.
I told you the dog was untouchable, honey.
A lightning bolt fell, and, without knowing why, he remembered it was raining.
A thunder fell and, without knowing why, he remembered it was raining. You could say "There was a thunder clap".
The dog tore apart a part of his leg, and he finally took it off with a kick.
The dog tore part of his leg and he finally "got rid of it".
She raised the wood.
He wanted to step away to prepare a counter attack.
At least so she doesn't fuck me up badly. So at least she doesn't fuck me up badly"
But his injured leg couldn't stand his weight, and he stumbled.
Saint Isidore wasn't waiting for that. I think you mean "Saint Isidore wasn't expecting that".
By a clumsy slap, he flew through the window.
Even with the rain the sound of Saint Isidore breaking in to pieces was perfectly audible. "into" should be one word.
Twenty-three.
Her eyes shone full of despair and rage.
He raised his arms crossed, to stop the hit, but an absurd idea made him lost concentration.
He rose his arms crossed, to stop the hit, but an absurd idea made him lost concentration.He raised his arms....made him lose his concentration."
Twenty-three little pieces were way less than thousands of little pieces.
The dog was running to him.
He closed his eyes.
The log fell from her hands at the same time the dog stopped barking.
He opened his eyes without knowing if he was still alive or not, but then he didn't care if he was.
He saw the other two looking stunned through the window, then he saw what they were looking at.
It was the sky.
--------------------
I know dialogues should have quotations marks, but I want the text to flow, so let it be a literacy whim xD
I hope you like the story!
(Very) Short Story
He always thought he was the only one in the whole world, 
until he heard somebody announcing his death.
I've been busy in school...
...
So I bring you my homework (that I wrote in English, I hope my teacher doesn't mind ).
It's long, so it's ok if you just want to comment...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Animal that Is Just Like a System I'm not sure what you mean here. Perhaps "like a distribution system"?
On our beloved earth, there are some animals that act more or less like a distribution system.
There is one, though, that is even more similar to them than ants.
This animal can be found everywhere on earth.
It has a very prolific nature and has done lots of things through its evolution to adapt better to the diverse environments in which it lives.
Its life begins when a female gives birth to it, usually in presence of other animals of the same species, in what appears to be some kind of show.
The first days of its life it can’t survive by itself, depending on its' mother for everything, from eating to keeping it away from danger.
In most cases the male progenitor also stays with the newborn and its mother, but that is not necessary for its survival, and there are thousands of known cases where it stays only with its mother.
In rare cases the newborn can survive without its mother.
After the newborn is able to walk, and sometimes even before, it’s taken by its parents to be with other youngsters, and they leave it sometimes to go look for food.
The newborn is supposed to always be guarded by another grown-up, sometimes one younger than the parents, to prevent it from s. being injured or attacked
After some time, it stays with different youngsters, always around its own age, as well as some other species of animals.
It is always guarded by grown-ups, whom in this period don’t only guard them but teach them some survival skills.
This animal has the peculiarity of not (usually) mating after they are able to, but some time later.
That may because of outside factors, though, because it varies with regions and there are documents that prove that long ago the females mated just after their first menstruation.
Also, some recent studies suggest that mating ages have started to get lower in the past few years.
As with almost every other animal, these animals are polygamists.
This has helped their proliferation.
This species is also known for its violent temper ;they kill other animals for food, but also for what looks like mere fun.
Also, they often kill each other, for food, territories or sexual partners. I wouldn't say "usually"--we're not that bad!
It likes to stay in very big herds, and it’s rare when one of them lives completely alone (that usually ends with the animal killing himself).
Their organization is very layered and pyramidal, with a few herd leaders and many members of the herd Some of them can even be sacrificed if the leader feels it’s the best for the herd.
When the animal grows old, its destiny depends on many factors t in its' life.
Its position in its herd determines the way it can spend its last years of life.
A herd leader can live peacefully once he has given the herd control to a younger member.
On the other hand, a low level member can only hope to get attention from its closest relatives in the herd, and its dead will pass unnoticed by the herd.
As I have spoken about the life of this animal, now I would like to explain how it relates to the five design principles of distributed systems. I guess "distributed systems" is a technical term?
First principle is Transparency.
Even when the herd is made of many members (from tens to thousands), we, as well as other herds, can easily group them into a herd with unique characteristics that not only make it different from other herds, but make it a single force that can be moved in one direction if the leader wants it to (using various methods).
The second principle is Flexibility.
As an animal that lives in herds, and as those herds are stratified, you can easily compare them to a microkernel, where there’s one kernel that controls other modules that are in charge of the operations of the system.
The leader of the herd delegates some of its tasks to high-level members of the herd, and sometimes this is repeated s many times, until the tasks get to all of the herd.
The third principle is Reliability.
Any member of the herd, even the leader, is not essential.
If it is sick, leaves changes herds or dies, it gets replaced promptly, and even if the member was important and the change generates some trouble, its' absence doesn’t compromise the welfare of the herd.
Fourth principle is Performance.
Being a herd animal makes this point obvious.
It works way better in groups, grouping lets it achieve almost any goal that the herd leader wants to achieve.
It’s said that a herd focused on a goal can only be hindered by natural laws or by a more powerful herd.
The last principle is Scalability.
When a herd needs or wants (to achieve something faster, for example) more individuals, the new members can join it as s needed in a way that is almost unnoticeable, This is one of the best qualities of this animal.
As with distributed operating systems, the herd should be careful about new members that can negatively affect the whole system.
And this is how Homo Sapiens is, in my opinion, the animal that most resembles a distributed operating system works.
The Door Was Open
The door was open.
I was walking without heading anywhere when I saw the house.
It was bigger from what I remembered, or so it looked.
I got closer to it, while I was remembering everything I’ve heard about that house when I lived in the city, a long time ago.
I pressed the doorbell, but I didn’t hear any sound, so I knocked on the door.
When I did, I noticed it wasn’t closed.
I pushed it and came in.
“An ordinary and common house”, I thought.
“An ordinary and common house”, I thought.
“An ordinary and common house,” I thought.
“An ordinary and common house,” I thought.
The door closed behind me.
I turned over, scared, but I understood it should be the wind.
"What can I do for you?" I heard the voice of an old woman upstairs.
"Oh, sorry, Mrs., the door was open and...," I answered nervous.
"But now it’s closed, right?"
"Well, yeah, it looks like the wind closed it..."
"Oh, of course, the wind...
you should be more careful, youngster..."
"Well now, excuse me, I’ve got to go now..." I said, opening the door.
“An ordinary and common house”, I thought.
“An ordinary and common house”, I thought.
“An ordinary and common house,” I thought.
“An ordinary and common house,” I thought.
The door closed behind me.
I turned over again, very scared.
"What can I do for you?"
I was inside of the house again.
------
I wrote this short story a long time ago!
So I have to introduce myself in English too? Oh, well~
Hello, everyone my name is (not) Kirby, I'm from Mexico and I'm trying to improve my English.
I studied it at an English school, but didn't finish, so I think there might be stuff I need to learn.
I also want to learn more British English, because I was taught American English (but I also want to get better at that, so don't hesitate to correct me, Americans).
I like my girlfriend, and drawing!
I hope I can make lots of friends on the website, and also I want to help people that want to learn Spanish, so if you need any help, I'll be there to help you ^^!
Bye bee~
Run Rabbit Junk
you’re makin’ me
mad enough, sir
boom, boom
you’re done, sir
When I opened my eyes, the lighthouse beam hit his back and I could see his silhouette; he was less than five steps in front of me.
I think I could see a hat on his head.
I think I saw a hat on his head. This story seems to be about an event in the past, hence the past tense.
The two men dressed in black suits that took me here let go of my arms.
The two men dressed in black suits that had taken me there released my arms. this was past tense
I thought of running away, but the next beam of the lighthouse I saw that there were at least fifty men, all of them in black suits, around us.
I thought of running away, but in the next beam of the lighthouse I saw that there were at least fifty men, all of them in black suits, around us.
It was futile.
I felt on my knees, partly because I was asking for forgiveness, partly because I couldn’t stand on my own right here, maybe it was broken.
I fell to my knees, in part because I was asking for forgiveness, in part because I couldn’t stand on my right knee, perhaps or it might have been that it was broken.
A storm was coming, and the clouds didn’t let any moonlight pass.
Suddenly I could feel his presence in the darkness.
The man in the middle crouched in front of me.
I looked up only to feel the brass knuckle protecting his left hand crash against the right side of my face.
I fell into the mud on my side.
When trying to stand up, without being able to open my eyes, I could think only one thing: Why?
I didn’t have a clue of why I was there.
I didn’t have a clue as to why was I there.
I got out of the restaurant at six o'clock as always, and when I got on the bus, I was surprised by two things.
I got out the restaurant at six ‘o clock as always and when I got onto the bus I was surprised by two things.
The bus was empty except for the driver, who was dressed in a black suit. You could also say, "who was wearing a black suit." This sounds more natural.
We went off-route at the first corner, and when I, starting to feel a little nervous, went to ask what was happening to the driver, two other men with the same black suits got on the vehicle and put a rag over my face.
We went off-route at the first corner, and when I, starting to feel a little nervous, went to ask the driver what was happening, two other men, with the same black suits, got on the vehicle and puta rag over my face.
I don’t know how long I was asleep, but when I woke up, it was already night.
As I opened my eyes, I realized I was lying with my hands and feet tied.
A man from the bus looked at me and smiled.
“It's still not time to wake up yet,” he said, then kicked me in the stomach.
“Still not time to wake up”, he said, then kicked me in the stomach. I think the way you wrote this is correct if you are quoting someone using colloquial english.
I half-closed my eyes because of the pain and completely closed them when I saw another man getting closer, a baseball bat in his right hand.
I felt a sore in my shoulder. This would be like a wound in your shoulder, I think you mean to say "My shoulder felt sore". That is the whole shoulder felt sore because you had been banged around. 
My hands moved by reflex to my sore shoulder and the next hit was on them.
“No more, please, no more...," I started to say, but the metallic sound of the bat against my shin shut me up.
“No more, please, no more...”, I started to say, but the metallic sound of the bat against my shin shut me up. It would make more sense if you said "but the pain from the bat hitting my shin shut me up". 
I don’t know if I was hit anymore; I was choking with my own saliva while trying to scream in pain.
I don’t know if I was hit anymore. I was choking on my own saliva while still trying to scream because of the pain.
I passed out.
When I woke up again, I lifted up my head from the mud, and the man spoke.
As I regained consciousness I lifted my head out of the mud and the man spoke.
“I’ll give you a minute to run, starting now.”
I heard the sound of a pistol being loaded, a sound I've only heard in movies until now.
I heard the sound of a pistol being loaded, a sound I'd just heard in the movies before now.
I felt the rain starting to fall.
Ten, eleven, twelve...
I was counting in my head while I tried to stand up and run away...
eighteen, nineteen...
“Thirty seconds remaining,” he said.
TThe pain in my shin was still greater than the one in my face, even though I thought my eye was not working anymore.
A lightning let me see the face of the man in front of me.
A ray of light let me see the face of the man in front of me.
He was the man on whose table I spilled the coffee.
He was the man on whose table I had spilled the coffee on.
It was at the restaurant that morning.
I remembered how he looked at me enraged and screaming while I was apologizing.
His face, which was incredibly pale, got lost on his clothing.
His face, which was incredibly pale, got lost on his clothing. It's not clear what you mean here, but I think you mean to say something like "His face which was incredibly pale, disappeared into the whiteness of his hat."
His hat and shoes were fully white.
I got up and started to walk while dragging my leg.
I found I could get up and I started to walk, dragging my leg.
How much time was left?
The men in black suits turned aside to let me through. Away would imply they simply turned away from you when I think you mean to say they gave you room to walk past them.
“Ten, nine, eight...”
I ran.
Every time my right leg held my weight, I thought I was going to die, but I ran.
Every time myg I put my weight on my right leg I thought I was going to die, but I ran.
I felt that I was running like never before.
“...
three, two, one...”
I looked back; I was less than two hundred feet from the man.
I heard a pair of shots.
The lighthouse beam showed his silhouette again.
I thought if the light had hit him from the front, I would have seen it anyway, but it would have been all white.
----
A short story I wrote last week, translated just now!
News in Mexico
This time I'll write because I'm kind of angry.
Yesterday in Monterrey, a city in the north of Mexico, a group of six people, possibly involved with drug traffic, entered a casino and set it on fire at three o' clock in the afternoon with many people inside. 
Yesterday in Monterrey, a city in the north of Mexico, a group of six people, possibly involved with drug traffic, entered a casino and set it on fire, at three o' clock in the afternoon, with many people inside.
There are more than fifty people dead, and if this wasn't enough, there is our lovely president.
There are more than fifty people dead, and as if this wasn't enough, there is our lovely president.
If you know about what he's been doing, skip to the asterisk and keep reading.
If you know about what he's been doing, skip to the asterisk , otherwise keep reading.
Mr.
Felipe Calderón Hinojosa is a member of PAN (National Action Party).
These guys finally got into Los Pinos (the equivalent of the White House) with Vicente Fox after many many years of trying.
These guys finally got into Los Pinos (the equivalent of the White House) after many many years of trying, with Vicente Fox. I think this is fine informal English and understandable as you wrote it, but for perfect clarity you could add "with Vicente Fox as their candidate"
To give you an idea of who this guy is, or what this guy is like this guy, he once said this: "Mexicans do work that not even black people do".
After Mr.
Fox finished his so-called work, and with a big conflict because many people thought it was a fraud, a PAN member is again our president (Felipe Calderón). Your way works too, but this is more natural.
Fox finished his so-called work, and after a a great deal of conflict because many people thought itthe election was a fraud, a PAN member is again our president, his name is Felipe Calderón. I think this makes it clearer that the results of the election were disputed.
This guy said he wanted to stop drug traffic and all delinquency by using "a strong hand".
What he's been doing is catching many people involved by using even the army.
What he's been doing is catching many people involved, by using the army. I understand what you are saying but it would be clearer if you said "catching many people, even those involved in minor ways 
And that has made the drug mafia angry in some cases and made them lose control of their members in others.
So they are becoming more and more aggressive, half of them because they're defending, the other half because they don't have an organized leader (like in The Godfather).
So they are becoming more and more aggressive, half of them because they're defending their turf, the other half because they don't have an organized leader (like in The Godfather).
It was some event of this kind t that caused the attack in the casino. Matter is not the proper word to use in this context although I believe it would be correct in Spanish.
You would think if government is going to fight a 'war on crime' (as Calderón calls it), then its' troops must be well prepared and it must have a strategy, right?
But it doesn't.
It just does s operations and catches some people, as if catching a bunch of mafia guys would end the mafia.
Well, also, if you're having a war and your army is being overwhelmed and your citizens are dying in the crossfire, you might think it's a good idea to retreat and consider changing the strategy or something like that.
Not doing so would result in losing the war (as history has proven many times).
But even after he, we, and everyone with a brain knows that the war can not be won, he continues with the same idea, saying that "a retreat is admitting that we lost".
But even after he, we and everyone with a brain, knows that the war cannot be won, he continues with the same idea, saying that "a retreat would be admitting that we lost".
And he just gave a national broadcast saying that he calls on everyone in Mexico to stand strong.
He said that the US is guilty because their citizens want drugs.
He said that the US is guilty, because its' citizens want drugs.
He said the Senate is guilty, without reason (as if the senate started the war!).
He said the Senate is guilty, without any reason (as if the senate started the war!).
He said again the US is guilty because they sell weapons to the mafia.
He said again the US is guilty, because people in the US sell weapons to the mafia.
He said everyone is guilty, parents and teachers because they don't educate the children, the police because they have corrupt officers, the mafia (now he started calling them terrorists, what will make the people to be in terror, which makes him a terrorist).
He said everyone is guilty, parents and teachers because they don't educate their children, the police because they have corrupt officers, the mafia, (now he's started calling them terrorists, they terrify people, ).
Everyone is guilty, except him, of course.
And the media is being more and more like sensationalists as time passes.
And the media is being more and more sensationalist as time passes. I think this is correct informal usage.
I hate how they play sad kitsch background music while interviewing people that obviously aren't mentally right to decide if they want to give an interview when their loved ones are dead by their side.
I hate how they play sad kitschy background music, while interviewing people who obviously aren't in a state where they can decide if they want to give an interview as they stand beside their dead loved ones. t .
Calderón said that we will observe three days of mourning.
As if that would bring the hundreds and hundreds of dead people back.
He just wants to keep on with the war, his war, using the Mexican Army as toy soldiers  and Mexico as a game board.
Nightmare
She suddenly sat up in bed, in the middle of the night.
Her body was completely covered in cold sweat, and she was breathing really fast.
I think if you made this just one sentence you could write it as "She suddenly sat up in bed, in the middle of the night, completely covered in sweat, breathing fast. Then the descriptions are adjectives modifying "she" ... sat up in bed..."Her body completely covered in cold sweat, breathing so fast.
She was so scared that it took her more than a minute to realize she was awake.
She put her hand on her chest, feeling her heartbeat returned to normal.
She put her hand on her chest, feeling her heartbeat return to normal. This is all present tense.
Slowly. I would add this to the last sentence as an adjective "feeling her hearbeat slowly return to normal"
She thought, to calm herself down, that such things couldn't exist.
"Wake up...
Wake up!", she had thought, and then she was in her bedroom.
Just her imagination.
She sighed, convinced.
She lay down again. The story is still in present tense.
Just before she closed her eyes, she turned her head to the left.
And then she saw it.
"Wake up!
Wake up!", she said.
But it didn't work.
------
This story originally had no definite gender for the main character (because in Spanish you can avoid telling it, so I did).
I suppose this can't be achieved in English (except by using "it", but then it wouldn't look like a person @.@).
When translating I thought it would fit more for a girl (because even though the "it" thing would appear to be more terrifying if the character was male, it's more common for a girl to wake up scared and the end is more surprising this way). Oh my, this is a little machismo on your part. As a psychoanalyst I can tell you men too waken in terror!
Anyway, short story this time so you don't lose so much time :3 thanks to everyone for reading, correcting, and commenting n__n!
Time Travel Paradoxes 1: The First Time Machine
"Finally!", said Professor Wells a summer afternoon in the year 2063.
"Finally!", said rofessor Wells one summer afternoon in the year 2063.
"The first time machine!"
There was no doubt; he will now be the most famous scientist ever.
There was no doubt, he would now be the most famous scientist ever. This is past tense, will would be future tense.
He smiled at the thought of his boss, Mr.
Bradbury, telling him hundreds of times he would never achieve it.
But he had just done it, and now he could even quit his job.
Not only could he , but he would. So now they are both in the past conditional tense. 
Next morning he will go to Mr.
Next morning he would go to Mr.
Bradbury would tell him everything.
Bradbury and he would tell him everything. I think this is correct. It is using the "he would" for emphasis.
He'll tell him his plans of selling them massively, and then he will look at his worried face and make fun of him.
He would tell him of his plans to sell them massively and then he would look at his boss's worried face and he would make fun of him. I think it is better to use the same conditional tense here as you did. 
"Don't worry, I will give you one free when I start selling them!" he would say laughing at Mr.
"Don't worry, I will give you one free when I start selling them!", he would say laughing at Mr. future tense
Bradbury.
He ran to the living room to tell his wife.
He ran to the living room to tell his wife.
"Honey!
I did it...!" he started saying.
I did it...!", he started .to say. He was just starting to speak rather than "as he was saying" 
"What did you do?" she said.
"I created a time machine!" he said, euphorically.
"Are you feeling well?" she asked.
"Are you feeling well?", she asked?
She didn't look surprised or excited. Or is correct here, nor is used with neither, i.e. she neither looked surprised nor excited.
"Everyone knows that the time machine was invented years ago by your boss, Mr.
Bradbury."
-------------------------------------
This is a series of three stories, each unrelated to the other two.
The third one is very complex, but if you like this, I'll keep posting them.
Third one is very complex, but if you like this one I'll keep posting them.
Thanks for reading and for your corrections!
Thanks for your reading this and for your corrections!
welcome to my space
Hello, my friends !!
I'm lyz katherine.
I'm twenty-one years old.
I like  to  read hero stories...
I hope to improve my english so I can fulfillmy goals!!...
good luck
Hi!
Hi...
my name is Ztephanye I hope you will help me, but i don't speak English :(
hi
I am Ivana and i want that somebody helps me to practice my english, because it´s really important for me and to communicate me with another people in the world...
Summer vacations in NYC!
 In September, I went with my daughter on a trip to NYC, to meet
my sister  who has been living there for a long time.&nbsp; She's married to a Polish man.
We had  a wonderful time in NYC and Washington, DC too.
We went to see USOPEN one day and it was a lot of fun.
Thanks  a lot for your help...
Esme 
Mobile
I don´t like when people send me messages to my mobile and they write with abbreviations.
They do this because they are in a hurry or they are lazy , but I can´t read words written in this way.
I know it´s normal for young people and I try to say to my daughter that she has to write in the correct way.
I don´t think I can control this.
How can we control this?
They think we don´t understand them.
But it´s not this . Correct, but sounds better as 'But it's not that'. Or 'But this isn't it'
I don´t want them to grow up and be unsure which is the right word.
My goal
I decided to find the time to read in english.
I think this can help me learn more.
I demand on Amazon some books that a friend recommended, I´ll enjoy reading them.I ordered some books on Amazon that a friend recommended. I'll enjoy reading them.
If you have some more to recommend I´ll thank you.If you could recommend some more, I'd be grateful.
I read some for children that I had from my daughter.I read some children's books that were my daughter's.
It was easy but that encouraged me to continue.
Lazy
I´m not lazy for almost anything but I have that problem with gym.I'm not usually lazy, but I do have a problem going to the gym.
I´m not usually lazy but I have a problem with going to the gym.
I´d like to go for my health but I never find the time for it.
I´d like to go for my health but I never find time .
I´m always tired.
I spend time driving and because of that I have back pain sometimes.
I spend time driving and because of that, I have back pain sometimes.
It is difficult if I want to work, read and go to the gym.....
II have a lot of things to do and no time.
I have many things to do and no time.
Maybe I´m not the only one.
when the year begins we want to start going to the gym and learn a language ehhh?
When the year begins we want to start going to the gym or learn a language ehhh?
What do you want to do every year?
Nest
I have two birds.
They have never gotten along.
I thought with time it would be better, but....
I thought with time it would get better, but....
now I´m not so sure.
They've had a nest since the begining and they've never put their attention on it.
They've had a nest ever since we got them, but they never paid attention to it.
Today I saw them inside the nest.
Wow!!!
Maybe I was wrong and they want to be together now.
Jamón Serrano
Did you eat "jamón serrano"? Have you ever tried, "jamón serrano?" 
Have you eaten "jamón serrano"?
If you never ate "jamón serrano ", you have to try it.
If you have never eaten "jamón serrano," you have to try it.
I think is one of our best dishes.
I think it is one of the best things in our foods.
But of course you have to find a good one, which can be expensive.
But, of course, you have to find a good one, and that is expensive.
I used to eat it with a piece of good bread and good olive oil.
I used to eat it with good bread and good olive oil.
I like it anytime: for breakfast , at midday, and at night..
I like it anytime: for breakfast , at midday, or at night.
Jamón serrano" is from the leg of the pig.
It must be cured with salt. The temperature and humidity is important, too.
They must be cured with salt; the temperature and humidity are important too.
The salt will go inside, and they only have to use just enough and the water will go away from the meat at the same time.
The way you cut it is also important.
The way you cut it is important too.
And it´s the best if you cut it just when you want to eat it.
Nobody can resist a good plate of "jamón serrano!!"
Do you want to try it?
Do you have a kindle?
I would like to know if the kindle is any good for reading.
Does anyone have one?
Please tell me your experience.
Is there a better e-reader available than the Kindle?
Thank you
Books
I´m happy that my daughters like books.
And they want books for Christmas too.
It´s important they don´t want only games or silly things.
This year I think will be the last year my youngest daughter believed in the magic of Christmas and I hope we can share that joy with her.
Every night before they sleep they read in bed.
Now it´s become a habit.
I´d like to have more time to read too.
At night sometimes I fall sleep on the first page.:)
I haven´t one of those tablets you can read on, like the kindle or similar.
I´d like to know if they are good for reading.
I always liked to feel the pages , the real book you know.
It´s a little odd for me to read on a tablet.
Mass
I went to Mass today.
I don´t go to Mass but my daughter will have Communion and today I had to go.
She wants to go because some of her friends do it too.
My daughter also wanted to go to catechism It´s good that the children know about religion. I think dividing this into two sentences may be better as you're expressing a new idea in the second part of the sentence.
It´s culture.
But I was surprised when I heard the priest say, that next Christmas day, the children who want to take a baby Jesus doll will have to sign on a list.
Because then they will know how many dolls they have to buy.
uhmmm this is a way to attract people to the church.
I saw that the median age in the Mass was very old.
This makes me think that, maybe in 30 years, nobody will go there.
What do you think about this?.
My little Sara
My little daughter is very smart and sweet but she is very lazy.
I have to make her do her homework but she never finds the time.
She is always busy doing something or she says she will do it later...
but she never does it by herself.
I don´t know if she will be like this all her life but for me it's very hard to get her to do something if I don't tell her.
She is the kind of person who is happy.
And that is very important.
Sometimes we are worried about things that are not so important in life.
How different we are.
My older daughter is the opposite.
She is very responsible, and I don't have to tell to her anything.
She is very responsible, and I don´t have to tell her to do anything.
The Sea
Today, I was at the sea with my little children and my husband.
The weather was very hot today and the water was wonderful for swimming. .
My husband doesn´t like to swim when the water is so hot, , but I love in this way.
Later, we ate with my mother-in-law.
She likes to see the children and some weekends she invites us to eat with her.
She has a house close by the sea, so we can go swimming before eating.
She likes to put something we call "tapas" before the principal plate.
I like to eat "tapas" ,I can eat only with this.
The principal plate was "arroz con costra."
Here in this city, we can eat rice a lot of ways .
But this kind is a typical for here.
My little children love rice in all ways, they eat a lot.
Aggressive
I don't think I am aggressive.
I didn´t think I was aggressive,
Because I always thought this word had a negative aura.
because I always thought this word had a negative connotation.
Nobody wants to be a bad person.:)
Today my boss said to me, that I´m an aggressive person.
Today my boss told me that I´m an aggressive person.
Then he explained why...
He thinks aggressive person is a person who try to convince someone for something, and doesn´t stop until they get it.
He thinks it is a person who tries to convince someone of something, and doesn´t stop until they get it.
I called this insistent.
I thought aggressive is a violent person
I thought aggressive was a person who hit or was violent.
I guess it has two meanings.
Maybe it has two meanings.
George´s Marvelous Medicine
I finished this book and I enjoyed reading it because was an easy children´s book.
George is a boy who lives with her grandmother.
George is a boy who lives with his grandmother.
She is always complaining and she is not good with George.
She is always complaining and she is not nice to the boy.
He is tired of this and decides to make a medicine to give to her instead of her real medicine.
But the medicine makes her grow a lot and when the parents come back, they think this can be a good business .
But the medicine makes her to grow a lot and when the parents come back home, they think that this can be a good business .
And so, they give the new medicine to their animals.
But they forgot one thing.
When the medicine was finished they were not be able to make it in the same way.
cuando se termina
The Busuu Language
I was watching the news on TV.
They said that there is a language called Busuu in Cameroon, Africa that is spoken by only 8 people.
The UNESCO declared it critically endangered.
I´m surprised that only 8 people have their own language.
Public speaking
Do you get stage fright?
In some jobs, people have to speak in front of others.
If we ask what we should do in moments like that, we get funny answers.
One of my friends told me...
You have to imagine that the people in front of you are naked.
Have you ever heard this??
:))) 
Mushrooms
They are bigger than mushrooms but I´m not sure of the word in English.
They are bigger than mushrooms but I´m not sure of the word in English.
Today I ate some that my mother in law brought us.
They are expensive but they taste very good.
They are expensive but the taste is very good. "but they taste very good" is more natural
It has been a long time since I've eaten them.
It has been a long time since I ate them.
I think is the first time the children have tasted them and they liked them.
I think it is the first time my children tasted them and they liked them.
I had preferred that they didn´t like them. 
I had thought they wouldn't like them.
But ....
children always surprise me.
I remember on a trip , we asked the waiter to bring a plate of something expensive ,and my daughter ate it before we had time to try it.
I remember when I was traveling, we asked the waiter for a plate of something expensive, and my daughter ate it before we had time to try it.
I thought "uhmmm, tomorrow I will give her dinner first. After that we´ll have dinner" :))
I thought uhmmm:"tomorrow I will give her dinner first, and afterwards we´ll have dinner" :))
Colors 
I´m a woman and I like to buy clothes and things to make me feel better.
I´m a woman and I like to buy clothes and things to make me feel better.
And I like clothes with bright colors, not too much but....
And I like clothes with bright colors, not too much so but....
And I like clothes with bright colors - not too much but....
you know, not just dark colors.
I use to wear them but I combine them with others too.
I normally wear them but I combine them with other colors too.
I don´t think you show your mood this way, but for me I like to see people with beautiful colors.
I don´t think you show your mood this way, but for me, I like to see people wearing beautiful colors.
It´s like their mood is better that day.
I don´t think is true, but I read that people in places with good weather they have less depression are less depressed.
I don´t think is true, but I read that people in places with good weather tend to have a lower rate of depression.
I don´t think it is true...
Maybe it´s not true but maybe they have less colds.:))
Can we change our mood with colors, weather and things like this?
Can we affect our mood with colors, weather and things like this?
Toy Story 3
Today I went to see the movie "Toy Story 3" with my children.
And at the end the space man changed his accent trying to flirt with the cowgirl.
They danced to a very funny song with a special Spanish influence.
I would like to know if the movie in other country change this song with the special accent from the country.
I know the movies can change when they are perform in different countries but they are things they can´t change or uhmmmm they can´t understand when is about different cultures or situations.
I like cartoons, but I think some ideas are for adult and not for children ...
for that I laugh when children don´t understand the meaning but they laugh anyway.
They are so innocent.
I had a very sad feeling because they speak about the destiny of the toys when the children grow up.
How sad is it when nobody wants you because you have another interest.
This made  me to think about the toys I had when I was a child.
I don't have any now.
Did they feel like the toys in the movie???
I hope not.
LOOOOL
News
I´m watching TV everyday to find out what is happening in Japan.
I´m watching TV each day to find out what's happening in Japan.
I´m very concerned about the situation.
Things can change so quickly....
we are here with all we need, but in a moment we could have nothing.
Besides this, the weather is very cold in Japan now, and the volcano has decided to wake up too.
Besides that, the weather now is very cold in Japan , and the volcano has decided to wake up too.
Why do things have to get worse? OR How can things get any worse?
The Three Wise Men
Today my little daughter asked me if we were lying about the Tree Wise Men.
This makes me sad, because...
it´s like....
I lost my little child.
She grows quick and I don´t realize it.
She grows quickly and I don´t realize it.
I knew she listen to her friends in school, but I didn´t say anything until she asked me.
I knew she listens to her friends at school, but I didn´t say anything until she asked me.
I read a story about this on the internet.
The father told her child that The Three Wise Men were old and they couldn´t carry gifts for all children.
God told them: I know what you have to do.
There aren´t so many Pages.
But I know two for every child.
They are their parents.
They are the ones who love them very much, and when the children grow up, then, they are able to give too, because they love their parents like they do.
The child in this way realized that her parents didn´t lie to her.
Bewitched
I used to watch this series when I was a child.
I used to watch this show when I was a child.
I used to watch this series when I was a child.
In spanish of course, but I liked it a lot when Samanta moved her nose.
In Spanish, of course, but I always liked it a lot when Samantha wiggled her nose.
It was in Spanish of course, but I liked a lot when Samantha moved her nose.
Now ,when I found this on the internet, and I listened to it in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.
Now, when I found this on the internet, and listened to it in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.
Now, when I found this on the internet, and I listened to it in English, I realized that it´s not so difficult for me.
I think I liked it because it´s a mixture of humor and magic.
I think I liked it because it´s a mixture of humor and magic.
She was always trying to be a normal woman , and her mother wanted her to behave like a witch and fighting with her husband.
She was always trying to be a normal woman, but her mother wanted her to behave like a witch. And she was always fighting with her husband.
She was always trying to be a normal woman, and her mother wanted her to behave like a witch. She was always fighting with her husband.
Did you watch it too?
Have you seen it too?
Enjoy!!!
Enjoy !!!
Halloween
Today is Halloween and my children want to dress up.
In Spain it is not common for people celebrate this day , but every year there are more people doing it.
In Spain it is not common for people to celebrate this day , but every year there are more and more people doing it.
Young people want more every year, because it is a day they can enjoy and put make up on their faces.
I don´t understand this day very much, I never experienced this before in my country.
I don´t understand this day really, I've never experienced this before in my country.
A dream
Do you know what a dream means?
Do you have a dream?
All my life I have been trying to understand when people speak english or what the songs say.
All my life I have been trying to understand when people speak English or what a song says.
All my life I was trying to understand when people speak english or what the song means.
SIGH
But now we have more possibilities.
We have Internet....
skype...
msn....
ohhhh that´s wonderful.
You can speak or comunicate with people around the world.
We can learn what we want, but the most important is to learn about different cultures and to make friends.
most importantly is to learn about diferent cultures and make friends.
the most important thing is to learn about different cultures and make friends.
Maldita Nerea
Do you like music?
I like music a lot and the music relaxes me and I enjoy it.
I like music a lot because it relaxes me. I also enjoy it.
I like music a lot. It relaxes me and I enjoy it.
Today I was in Murcia, and this group is from there.
I remembered it and I wanted to share with you.
Being in Murcia reminded me of the band, and I wanted to share a song with you. 
I like to listen to english songs because it is a good way to practice too.
I like to listen english songs because it is a way to practice ? A way to practice what?]
I like to listen to English songs because it is a good way to practice too.
But sometimes it is good to understand everything .
But sometimes is good to understand all.
Did you like it? Generally the meaning is clear and easy to understand. I think you are writing English as you would write your language. Keep writing, and, if you can, listen to English.
The lost Pyramids
This news surprised me.
It´s incredible that nowadays, we can find Pyramids which we never knew.
Its appeal has captivated millions of people over time.
Even more, when we see amazing discoveries are constantly emerging.
In Egypt , a satellite found 17 lost Pyramids.
They used infrared images to detect underground buildings.
Interesting, right?
I have never been there, but it´s a place I´d like to visit.
Maybe because I watched Indiana Jones movie.
Or maybe because everything around them is mysterious.
Shopping
I was with my daughter doing one thing that all women like.:)) We went shopping!!
Next Thursday we will go on holiday and I wanted to buy some things we need.
It´s fun because I only want to buy things we really need...
but with children that´s almost impossible.
My little daughter never says I want this...
she says I NEED THIS.:))) 
I prefer she stay at home with her father.
I´m trying to learn more about her, so it´s fun to go together , but we can´t buy all that she sees in the shops.
We are not rich.
Also, she doesn´t need all those things.
Upset 
Today I went home and I tried to speak with some friends on Skype, but nobody was online.
I haven´t got all day to do this, and it´s disappointing when I want to but I can´t. Or 'I can't do this every day, so it's....' 
It´s relaxing for me to speak with friends and I love to speak in english.
I realize that there are a lot of people who can spend a lot of time doing this and I envy them.
I´m sure they don´t work as much as I have to. 'Or I'm sure they don't work as much as I have to, which means they have more time to talk on Skype'
I´d like to have a job with less responsibility and less hours of work. Or just 'less hours'.
But ...
Can I decide this now?
When I retire I´ll spend more time speaking with friends and doing NOTHING.
I miss doing nothing.
Do you believe this?
English Books
I want to read English books, but it's hard for me.
Sometimes I don't understand words and I'm too lazy to look in the dictionary.
I try to understand the idea even if I don´t understand words.
I don't know if this is good or not, but I want to advance and not give up.
Sarah, Plain and Tall
Sarah, Plain and Tall
I finished the book.
It was very easy to read and I understood almost all of it.
It was very easy and I understood almost all of it.
It´s about a sweet woman who goes to live with a father and his children to form a family. "Sweet" is ok, but it would probably sound better to say "very kind" or "very loving."
It´s about a sweet woman who goes to live with a father and his children to make a family.
The children are worried and they want their father to be able to be happy again because their mother died many years before.
The children are worried and they want their father to be happy again because their mother died many years ago.
Hello
Hello friends,
I would like to know if someone wants to talk with me.
I practice writing but I need help improving my listening and speaking skills.
I practice writing but I also need to improve my listening and speaking.
I have problems with this.
I can help you with your Spanish.
Pets
I love animals but I didn't want to have any in my house because I haven´t enough time for them.
But all that changed when I had children.
They love animals too.
They wanted a dog and my sister gave one to my older daughter.
But the dog was only the first...
now we have a tortoise in the garden and two small tortoises in the water.
now we have a tortoise in the ground and two small in the water.Suggestion: now we have a tortoise living on land, and two small turtles living in the water.
Two weeks ago my little daughter wanted a bird and now we have one.
It is like a little parrot but very sweet and doesn´t make noise like them.
It can come out of the cage and we can put it on our shoulders.
And today.....
my husband found A CHAMELEON in the road and he brought it at home too.
LOL
I have to say that the totoise was found in the country too.
I think people leave them when they are tired of them, or they leave the house because the owners make a mistake.
Anyway....
now I have a zoo at home.:) 
Lang-8
Lang-8 is a wonderful place where I can always practice my English
We can find friends here, but it´s not so easy to continue with the friendship.
I think it´s difficult to have a habit, and to come here to write everyday.
Our life is sometimes full of other things we have to do.
What is most important is not to give up.
When I write something and nobody reads it, it´s because it is not important for the other person.
But we must continue with this practice.
With time, we´ll realize that it is worth it.
Internet Shopping
Do you buy things on the Internet? In English you need to say 'the Internet' not just 'Internet' like in Spanish
Do you buy off the internet?
I think in Spain we are not as developed in this area like other countries. Or 'I think in Spain we are not as accustomed to buy things online like in other countries'
I think that in Spain we are not as developed in this respect as other countries.
We buy movie tickets or airline tickets but I don´t think people buy food or clothes.
We buy tickets for the cinema,or for travel, but I don´t think that many people buy food or clothes.
At least, not most people.
Not most people anyway.
There are things that people like to touch, or to see with their own eyes.
Do you think that this is true?
Is it different in your country?
The Internet is the present but it is the future too.
Weekend
The weekend is finishing, and we have to work again tomorrow.
The weekend is almost over, and we have to work again tomorrow.
I was working so hard that I couldn´t study English like I wanted to.
I´d like to continue with my studies as before.
I´d like to continue with my studies like I did before.
I hope so.
I was watching the news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.
I was watching the news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.
I was watching the news, and the situation in Japan was worrying me a lot.
I feel very bad for all of them.
I can´t get it out of my head.
I can´t get it out of my head.
I think I´m getting old. My preferences are changing.
I think I'm getting old; my preferences are changing.
Go ask Alice
Hello friends.
I couldn´t write here for a long time.
I just read a book that a friend recommended to me called "Go Ask Alice."
It´s a book about young people and drugs.
I have a young daughter who is more or less the same age as the girl in the book.
It´s not a happy book, but we can learn new things from it.
I want my daughter to read it too.
A King's ring-shaped cake
Today is one of the best days for children in my country.
They wake up very soon even though it´s a holiday.
They want to know if the Three Wise Men brought them a lot of gifts.
This is only for good children.
If they were bad, the Kings bring coal(it´s sweet coal).
In the morning the children play with their toys and it´s common to eat chocolate with the king's ring-shaped cake.
Inside the king's ring-shaped cake you may find a little king and a bean.
And a crown.
Whoever finds the bean has to pay for the king's ring-shaped cake, and whoever finds the king gets to wear the crown.
Of course in my house nobody pays for the cake.
I did when I bought it.:))
Letters
Do you write letters?
When I was younger, I used to write letters to my family , to my friends ..
when I was on holidays or when we lived far away.
But now that has changed.
But now that has all changed.
I only do at Christmas.
Now, I only do it at Christmas.
I send Christmas cards.
I think it´s more personal and I like to receive them too.
But last year I began to receive e-mails for Christmas, not cards. Or, "instead of cards."
Well...
I really like them too.
LOL Some of them are funny and very beautiful, but I´m sad because, at the same time, we are losing many good things too.
The Internet is incredible and we can have anything we want in a moment.
What do you think?
Easter
I will not travel this Easter.
I won't be traveling this Easter.
We decided to stay here.
I have a lot of things to do, and I want to spend more time with my family.
With the five days off that I have, we can go and enjoy another city ,to eat at some restaurant perhaps, and I want to go with the children to an amusement park.
With the 5 days off that I have we can go and enjoy another city, eat out at some restaurant, and go with the children to an amusement park.
I don´t think that we need to travel very far from here in order to do those things.:)
My father
My father died last April and now I realize that I miss him more than ever.
My mother died when I was seven years old. He was my last remaining relative.
We lived far from each other and we had our own lives , but somehow we knew we were together.
Now when I remember that I feel very sad.
We grow up and we realize how important they are.
With this crazy life we have time for anything and there are things we can´t enjoy them.
Those things may be small but are the most important.
In the past people were not so busy and they had time for doing simple things.
Medieval market
Today I went to a Medieval Market.
I've been to similar events.
I have been to some other similar events.
I like it because people wear medieval clothes and we can eat good food.
I like going because people wear medieval clothes and we can eat good food.
Children like those markets too and I like to buy cheese, bread, and handmade jewelry.
Children like those markets as well and I like to buy cheese, bread...
and handmade jewelry.
Today I didn't buy anything but I liked just seeing everything.
Today I didn´t buy anything but I like to go to see everything.
Today I didn´t buy anything, but I liked looking at everything. 
Do you have a similar market in your country?
Do you have any similar markets in your country?
Blog
I would like to write a blog.
It's a good way to practice my writing skills.
But I don´t know what I can write about.
But I don´t know what to write about.
I´m afraid my readers will be bored, or maybe what happened here to me will happen again.
I think that I write silly things.
I must think, and begin to write in order to get better in the language that I'd like to learn.
I need to think and begin to write to get better in the language I enjoy learning.
It´s funny because I speak a lot, but when I try to write, I´m blocked and I can´t think what to write.
It´s funny because I'm very talkative, but when I try to write I get a mental block and I can´t think about to write.
Strike
Today in Spain we had a general strike.
I agree that people should express their ideas in the way they want, but I don´t understand when they do with violence.
I agree that people should be able to express their ideas in the way they want, but I don´t understand it when they use violence.
I was thinking about people who live on those streets and how they maybe couldn´t get out of their houses.
I was thinking about the people who live in those streets and they maybe couldn´t move out of their houses.
To speak  with friends
I love to speak with friends online.
Yesterday I was speaking about technology and thanks to that I can speak with friends on MSN or Skype.
It´s not frequent because I haven´t the time, and because the hour is different in the countries where my friends are.
But I love to do this and it's a way to learn about things of other cultures and make friends.
It´s not easy to find friends who want the same that you want and sometimes you can support the friendship.
But...
It's worth it.
All Saints day
Today in Spain we celebrate All Saints Day (I´m not sure if I can say it in this way)
Today in Spain we celebrate All Saints Day (I´m not sure if I can say it in this way)
It´s not a happy day .
All of us remember our dead relatives.
People go to the cemetery and lay flowers.
People go to the cemetery and lay flowers.
It´s a good day if you have a florist´s shop.
:)
Paella
Today I cooked paella.
It´s a typical Spanish dish from Valencia.
You can cook paella with many different ingredients: with meat, with fish, with vegetables....
but the main ingredient is the rice. I think it is the most famous Spanish dish.
Here where I live you can find it in all the restaurants, and women know how to make it very well.
Not me...
LOL I´m not from here but I´m trying to do better.
I prefer paella with shellfish; in my opinion, it´s delicious.
I prefer paella with shellfish: I think it´s delicious.
We call the pan that we cook the rice in a paella. 
You can´t cook paella in anything else. 
Well....
you can but it´s not the same.:))
Foreigners love paella and we see them eating at night. I was surprised when last week in my hotel we had paella for breakfast.
I didn´t eat it.
Anyway, it´s a complete meal and you can eat it whenever you want.
We are caught
I have a job that it takes up most of the day.
I would like to have more time to read, go to the gym, have time with my daughters, learn English....
but to do it all is impossible.:)
We work more everyday to have more things and because we want our children to have more things we could have but....
do you think we are happier than people who don't have all these things?
I think we are so caught up in our situation that we don´t stop and think carefully.
We can have more things now than our fathers did, but I don´t think we are happier than they were.
People lived without all the things we have nowadays but they enjoyed more intensely the little things.
Family and tradition were more important.
We are caught in the day to day.
Stress Proof  Your Life
I finished my book :Stress Proof your life.
It was not perfect but I discovered tips to control stress.
Some of them I can´t follow because life is not so easy.
But we can think about how we can manage our style of life.
I will begin a new book right now.
Hey, soul sister
I just listened to a song and I couldn't sit still.
It´s great what music can do.
I like to listen to music when I´m driving and I usually to sing too ,maybe people think I´m a little crazy,he,he...
Here I leave that song
Do you like it?
can you sit still without moving?
Amazon
Today I´m excited because I received my books from Amazon.
I´m now like a child. or "I feel like a child."
I will begin to read more in english even if I don't understand everything.
The Beach
Today we went to the beach.
This beach is near my mother in law's house.
we go there sometimes to eat and spend time with her.
In Spain we have nice weather and a lot of people come here in the summer.
It´s different in winter, we have less people.
It´s different in the winter, though; fewer people visit.
The beach we went to is rather long, and you can decide if you want to be among the crowd or to walk a little further along to a more secluded area and be almost alone.
Today was not the best day to swim.
It was very windy and the sea was rough .
The Beach Safety Patrol raised the red flag.
They do this is when is not safe to swim.
This flag is put up when it is not safe to swim.
But most of the beach was marked with the blue flag.
When it is good beach, not polluted.
This means that it is a good beach and is not polluted.
The Shop on Blossom Street
I just finished reading the book "The Shop on Blossom Street."
It´s about the lives of five women.
I´m happy because the book is in English, and even though I didn't understand everything, I could understand the idea.
I´ll try to begin another book in English this week.
Unfortunately, I don't have a lot of time because of my job.
If I can´t find the time to read at home, I´ll do so during my business trips.
I'm a little sad about this because with my new job I don´t have the time to do the things I like.
I hope to soon have more control over the situation.
In the meantime, I feel a little crazy and overwhelmed.:(
The crisis is affecting our health
More than 44 percent of the population have been suffering higher stress and tension for two years due to the economic crisis.
I read this in a study in Spain.
It examines how and to what extent the current economic situation is affecting the health of citizens and therefore their quality of life.
Visits to mental health services have increased due to the problems generated by the economic crisis,and demand for healthcare affects people who have lost their jobs as much as employed people who are afraid of problems.
The future labor situation appears complicated for the Spanish people.
We see cuts everywhere.
Unemployment is more than ever, especially amongst young people.
How can they survive in this situation?
If we read the news or we look at other countries we can´t find better situations.
I´m the mother of two daughters.
I´m worried about their future.
With Friends
Yesterday we went to eat with some friends.
We ordered "paella".
It´s a typical rice in Spain.
This time we ordered it with rabbit and snails.
I think snails are a little strange for some people.
But here it is normal and tastes very good.
I don´t like snails; I never eat them but I like the taste they give to the rice.
In that restaurant they cook the rice very well: the secret is a very thin cover of rice.
Friday
Today is Friday, and I like to relax.
Today is Friday, and I like to relax.
The weather is very hot here, but we can swim in the pool or go to the sea.
The weather is very hot here, we can swim in the pool or go to the sea.
The children like to swim in the sea.
Tomorrow my little daughter has a show in a pool.
She does synchronized swimming.
She makes syncronized swimming.
She is happy and excited about that.
On Sunday I´ll go out to eat and we´ll go at the sea with her.
On Sunday I´ll go out to eat, and we´ll go to the sea with her.
I´ll take my holidays soon.
IIt's great for me; I'll have a lot of free time.
It´s like a dream.
This year was very hard for me in my line of work.
This year my job was very hard on me.
I had to work a lot.
The routine
This week I began to work again.
My summer vacation finished.
All things come back to the routine.
When school begins it´s for me like another year begins too.
And I try to do new things.
I promise myself....
I´ll study more English, I´ll do gyms, I´ll do this and that...
I´ll study more English,I´ll go to the gym , I´ll do this and that...
but it´s so difficult!!!
The routine is good for the children but....
Do you like routines, to know what you have to do everyday?
Mediterranean cuisine
You can read a lot about Mediterranean cuisine.
Do you know what it is?
People in Mediterranean countries eat these dishes.
All these countries have similar weather, and this weather makes the food special.
All these countries have similar weather .
All these countries enjoy a warm climate.
And the weather makes the food special.
The most important ingredients are : olive oil, fish ,seafood, vegetables ,meat ,fruit ..
The most important ingredients are: olive oil, fish, seafood, vegetables, meat, fruit, etc ..
The most important ingredients are olive oil, fish, seafood, vegetables, meat, and fruit.
They are cooked with spices .
I think I have to emphasize olive oil, bread and wine.
Someone said: 
Someone said: 
"The kitchen is linked to our way of life, culture and history."
The weather is important in the cultivation of this food and makes them taste different and better.
The weather is important in the cultivation of this food and makes them taste different and better.
The climate is important in the cultivation of this food and make them taste different and better.
I remember when old people spent a lot of time in the kitchen.
The first thing my grandmother did when she woke up was put the saucepan in the fire. 
The first my grandmother did when she woke upwas to put the saucepan in the fire.
My grandmother the first she did when she woke up,it was to put the saucepan on the fire. 
And it took all day to cook the meal.
And it took all day to cook a meal.
Responsibility
Today I have a working dinner. Today I have dinner meeting that is work related.
It´s Friday and I don´t want to go out.
It´s Friday and I don´t want to go out.
I´m very tired for working at all week but...
I have to do it.
I´ll need all weekend to recover .:)
I have to say that I like to sleep  a lot and this is not for joy. I would have preferred to eat rather than not have dinner.
I have to say that I like a lot to sleep and this is not for joy,I would have preferred to eat not to have dinner. I have to say I need to sleep a lot and this is not because of joy. I would have preferred to eat but not to have dinner.
What can I do?
NOTHING.:)
I´m an adult so I can´t cry or strike the floor.
I´m an adult and I can´t cry or strike the floor.
Well , yes I can ,but this is not a good solution.:) This is also not a good example for my children and my family.:))
Well , yes I can ,but this is not a good  solution.:)And also this is not a good example for my children and my family.:))
I´ll go because I´m very responsible. 
Happy New Year
Happy New Year.
I want to thank all of you for helping me with my English.
For all your corrections and suggestions for learning more and better.
We should learn from our children.
We have preconceived ideas.
In my country we think Andalusians (the people who live in the south of Spain) are lazy and funny, Catalonians are stingy, and so on.
The same when we think about people from other countries.
I don´t think the same way.
I think we are all different and that makes everyone interesting.
When I travel I try to adapt to where I am and to respect and enjoy the different cultures.
I always say, "If he respects me and doesn't hurt me ...
then I love him.
I like to see the children.
They have no preconceived ideas.
They do what they feel.
They can speak and play with all other children.
They don't think about others' color, culture, or religion.
They only enjoy the moment.
It doesn't matter to them if someone has money or not.
We should learn from our children.
Ninfa
I love Nifa.
She is my bird and she is soooo sweet.
I like when I get home and she wants to come with me and I put her on my shoulder and she puts her head down because she wants me to rub her neck and she is like that for a long time.
My daughters really like having her and when we get home she greets us .
She begins to sing very high and we have to take her out of her cage.
It was a good idea to buy her for my daughter for her birthday
Cockatiel
We bought a new bird .
She is a cockatiel.
We had one male but we weren't sure if he or she was a male or female.
We had one, but weren´t sure if it was a female or a male.
We had one already, but we weren´t sure if it was male or female.
The man told us that he was a male and my daughter began to cry because she had always thought he was a girl.
The man told us that it was a male and my daughter began to cry, because all the time she'd been thinking that it was a girl.
The man told us that it was a male and my daughter started to cry because she had thought all along that it was a girl.
Poor girl.
LOL
Now he (previously she) is very happy, or at least I think so ,lol, because now he has a new friend, a female friend.
Now he,( previously she), is very happy, or I think so,lol, because now he has a friend, a female one.
My daughters want them to have eggs.
My daughters want them to lay eggs.
I hope they do.
I hope so too.
"The Notebook"
Yesterday night I finished my book ,"The Notebook" ,and I have to tell you that I liked it a lot.
Yesterday night I finished my book ,"The Notebook" and I have to tell you that I liked it alot.
Last night I finished the book, "The Notebook", and I have to tell you that I liked it a lot.
I couldn´t stop reading it, and I finished before I expected.
I couldn´t stop reading it, and I finished it before I expected.
This made me feel very happy, because it´s the first non-children's English book that I read.
It´s a love story and the end surprised me.
I think love doesn´t depend on age.
Christmas decorations
We have already decorated some malls.
I think it is too soon, but they decided to begin the promotion of Christmas gifts.
My mother in law called me, and asked me if the children want something special, and now I´m stressed because I think I have to begin to buy things or it will be like last year.
I bought it all at the last moment, because I was very busy.
People decorate their home with a chritsmas tree ,and the streets are decorated too but it is not like other countries.
I have an american friend and he tells me that they decorate their house outside too and a lot.
They take their time and it's so beautiful.
In Spain this is not very common, only malls, streets...
do you do that in your country?
Holidays
I´ll be gooing on holiday next week.
But I'm afraid of the weather.
I don't like cold weather.
I don´t enjoy myself when it´s cold.
And we haven´t got the right clothes for cold weather
I was shopping today with my daughters and I bought some coats, socks and good shoes.
We are going to Innsbruck ,Salzburg and Munich.
We are not so cold here.
It´s difficult to find good clothes for cold weather.
I hope we see snow.
It´s something the children would enjoy.
Study in the Summer
I´m thinking about sending my daughters to study German in the summer. 
I´m thinking about sending my daughters to study German in the summer.
I don´t know if they will like it but it will be good for their future.
I don´t know if they will like it, but it will be good for their future.
Maybe because . I would have liked to do it. 
Fortunately, I have some time to think about this.
Did you ever take a course like this when you were young?
What do you think about this?
Birthday party
Yesterday I had a birthday party for my younger daughter.
I was thinking about how different it was with mine.
Now she gives invitations to her friends and they call me and they tell me if they will come or not.
When I was a child I had my birthday with only a few friends and the party was a time to eat and play.
I only like it now because it´s time I can spend speaking with other mothers to exchange ideas.
I like these meetings with people who have friends too.
It´s to do something different.
Yesterday I began to read a book " George´s Marvellous Medicine"
It is funny and easy to read.
Misunderstood.
I was speaking with a friend and I want to share with you what happened while we were speaking.
He was telling me that police gave tickets to people but I couldn´t understand.
At last I realized that the meaning of ticket here is when people do something wrong while driving and they have to pay a fine.:)
I was thinking about the tickets we use when we go to the movies or when we go to the theatre.
Have you had any funny situations regarding mistakes when we speak different languages?
Today
Today is Saturday, and like every weekend I try to spend my time doing something I like and things I can´t do when I work.
If the weather was wonderful, then we could go to the pool.
I like more summer than winter.
This summer was very hot.
I´m happy a friend gave me this site where I can write and people can correct me.
I think it is a good way to learn and help at the same time.
My big problem is understanding when people speak.
The listening is very difficult for me.
I only understand some words.
To keep up with my english is difficult because I work. Here I feel people are like me and I work happier.
Break
Today I made a sponge cake and some lemonade.
I love to make it when we come home from swimming.
I love to make them when we come home from swimming.
The weather is very hot here and everybody like it.
The weather is very hot here, and this makes everybody happy.
The weather is very hot here and everybody likes it.
I tried to chat with some friends today but I couldn´t find anyone.
In the morning I can chat with a Chinese friend that I have known for a long time.
Tomorrow morning, I can chat with a Chinese friend who I've known for a long time.
In the morning I can chat with a chinese friend I met a long time ago.
I don´t remember where he was from or what his job is.
I don't remember where he is from or what his job is.
It´s funny because he uses a different name, not his real name.
He thinks his chinese name is very difficult for most of his friends to pronounce.
He thinks his Chinese name is too difficult for most of his friends to pronounce.
He thinks that his chinese name is very difficult for most of his friends to pronounce.
"TAPAS"
My friends know that I´m spanish and I want to share with you a word we have here: "Tapas".
If you look in the dictionary the meaning is something that cover the saucepan.
But the other meaning we have is more interesting.
When people think about Spain they think of different words...
such as flamenco dance, bullfighter, nap, tapas...
but today I want to tell you where the word "tapas" comes from.
A long time ago when people would go to the bar and ask for a glass of wine , the waiter would serve the glass covered with a piece of ham.
And why is that?
For the flies.
The flies were one of the problems they had and I don´t think they had healthy conditions back then.
Nowadays, we say "tapas" ,small portions of distinct dishes or traditional foods.
They are often taken in midday from noon until dinner time.
Tapas were served for free when you asked for an alcoholic drink.
But now it is not so common to be free, we have to pay if we want them served.
There are a variety of "tapas" .
You can make "tapas" with all types of food.
I loved to eat only with "tapas" ,it´s a way to eat a lot of different things.
sleepy
Today I´m very tired.
Some days the job is very hard and I arrive very tired.
When I speak with people, they say that as they age they sleep less.
However, I feel like everyday I need to sleep more.
LOL
I don´t know if when we are older we don´t need to sleep as much.
Does the same thing happen to you?
Twitter
I began to use Twitter. "Began to" is fine, but "started to" would sound slightly more natural and less formal.
I just started to use Twitter.
It´s a good way for me to read and learn more English.
 For me, it´s a good way to read and learn English.
I found more websites where I can learn and practice.
I found more websites where I can learn and practice.
Nowadays we have much information and so many resources that we can´t decide which ones to choose and don't know how to control them.
Nowadays we have too much information than we can´t decide what to do with them.
We are lucky to have them, but young people need to learn how to use them.
We are blessed to have them but young people must know to use them. - I totally agree with this : )
Do you use Twitter? - No, but I use facebook.
If you do, what do you use it for?
Do you use any other social networking sites other than this one?
Do you use any other websites aside from this?
Speed Limit
The government decided to lower speed the limit.
The government has decided to lower the speed limit.
They think we will use less petrol with this regulation.
In Spain, we were able to drive on the highway up to 120 km/h. Now we can only go up to 110 km/h.
I don´t know if this situation will last (for a long time).or: I don't know how long this situation will last.
They want to do it for 4 months. After that they´ll see.
I´m not sure if this is a good decision but I see things are changing very quickly.
A lot of people are without jobs and the situation is more complicated everyday.
A lot of people are without jobs and the situation becomes more complicated every day.
How much time will this crisis continue?
How much longer will this crisis continue?
Mobile phone
I just receive a message in my mobile but...
I was surprised because it was for my daughter.
She is only 9 years old and she has friends who have mobile phones.
I respect the other mothers but I think my daughter is too young for that .
My older daughter has one but only for special situations.
We bought her one when she had to go to a travel with the school.
I needed it because I wanted that she could call us if she had a problem.
Do you think it is good for such young people to have mobile phones?
Here again
I just came back from a work trip.
I was away all week and I was anxious to be here again.
My family is happy that I´m here again and I want to relax this weekend.
I began to read English and even though I don´t understand some words I think it is good for me because I will understand more
of the idea.
I have a new boss and this makes me a little crazy.
Things always change when the boss is new.
Maybe he will want to change something but I prefer routine in my job now.
You´ve grown.
Christmas will be here soon, and everyone are thinking about the gifts now.
Christmas will be soon, and everyone is thinking about gifts now.
I like gifts and I like to give gifts, but I hate to think of what I have to buy.
Every year I make a list of things that I think can be useful. 
I don´t like to buy meaningless gifts .
And I hate another thing during Christmas time.
I don´t like to buy food because it's crowded everywhere.
But I love Christmas :).
It´s a time to be with family, and the houses, the buildings, and the streets are so beautiful...
It´s the time of fantasy for kids.
I´d like to be a kid and have such an innocent mind and a big imagination.
It´s wonderful to have dreams, and even more in the way the children have them.
I remember with a great upset, when my father told me that I'm too old for that.
I remember I was so upset, when my father told me that I was too old for this.
Mexico
I just returned from my holidays.
We were in "La Riviera Maya".
The children enjoyed it a lot.
The weather is very hot there.
They have 90% humidity.
Where we live we have hot weather too, but the humidity makes it difficult to withstand the heat.
I love Mexican food.
I love spicy food.
Not too much but a little spicy.
We went to an underground river, to the beach...
and of course to see ruins.
I have a few more days before I have to work.
I can relax here at home with my family.
A friend
Today I was speaking with a friend.
It was a long time since we last spoke and I loved it.
We spoke in English ...
for that we need more concentration and sometimes I´d like to say more than I can.
It´s difficult to express your feeling in a language that it´s not your native language.
we wanted to say a lot of things and I realized that our English is better than when we knew each other a long time ago.
our age is similar and we spoke about our family and our life.
It´s like we were older and wiser than we really are.
She is very nice and she is always happy.
I hope we can speak frequently.
Life on the Refrigerator Door
I recommend this book.
It's about a mother and her daughter.
They speak about the things we can´t control and how life can change in a minute.
Their relationship changed day by day. Or, do you mean, "on a daily basis." "Day by day" suggests that every day it changed a little bit more, progressing in a certain direction. "On a daily basis" suggests that every day their relationship was different.
It´s good when we read a book if it makes us think.
It´s good to read books that make us think.
Sometimes we can learn something from the experiences of others.
The book has a unique way to read it because it is comprised of the notes between the mother and her daughter that they leave on the fridge door.
The book has a different structure - it is composed of notes between the mother and her daughter that they leave on the fridge door.
My daughters
I´m trying to help my daughters everything they need, but they think I´m trying to bother them all the time.
I´m trying to help my daughters as much as I can, but they thinks I´m trying to bother them all the time.
I try to help my daughters as much as I can, but they always think I´m trying to bother them. Other options, "I try to help my daughters in every way that I can..." or "I try to help my daughters in every way possible..."
I´m trying to help my daughters with everything I can, but they think I´m trying to bother them all the time.
Its always the same and we can't change this.
It always seemed the same,
It has always been like this, and we can't do anything to change it.
but we can´t change this.
We have to have conversations with our children and share our experiences and maybe in the end we can help them out, but... 
As we think we might be able to help them with our experience, we want to talk to them, but
We have to speak frequently with them, hoping that maybe we can help them by sharing our own experiences, but... 
how can we help if they don´t listen to us?
how can we talk to them if they don't want to listen to us?
:)
Life is not difficult, but sometimes we make life more difficult. When we are young we can control our feelings.
Life is not difficult sometimes we do life more difficult and when we are young we can control our feelings.
Life is not difficult, but sometimes we make life more difficult than necessary. When we are young we can control our feelings.
Cybercafe
I´m not sure if this is true , but I read that a man died in China after spending three days playing in a cafe, close to Pekin.
He was without sleep, and almost without food, for 3 days.
He fell into a coma, and nobody can do anything to help him.
This is the phenomenon of dependence on computer games that a lot of young people have.
When I read these news, I wonder if we know how to handle the new technologies correctly.
They are great only if we know how to use them.
Time flies
I realize that time flies when I talk to young people.
Every time I do this, I can see the surprise in their faces because they don´t know what I´m talking about.
I´m not that old but...
I´m not 20 years old, either.
-The first Harry Potter book came out 14 years ago.
YES.
-Lady Di died 14 years ago.
-Jurassic Park is older than Justin Bieber.
-Facebook has been around for more than 7 years.
It seems like yesterday, but this was a long time ago. Does "it" refer to Facebook or everything listed above?
The printer
I had problems with my printer.
My daughter asked me if I could print her homework for school but it didn´t work.
My mother in law came so I went to spend time with her and her mother.
It´s wonderful that my husband still has his mother and grandmother.
It´s wonderful my husband has still has his mother and grandmother.
I found grandmother older than the last time but well...
I found his grandmother older than the last time, but well...
I found his grandmother older than the last time but well...
she is 92 years old.
she is 92 years old.
I don't think I will look so good at her age.
I don´t think I will be so good at her age.
We take care of ourselves more each day so that we live longer and in better conditions.
We take care of ourselves more each day, so that we live longer and in better health.
We work more everyday but we never have enough money.
We need more everyday.
And children want more, I´m trying to control this.
Now my printer works, but I had to change the ink cartridge.
Don´t ask me why.
I don´t know why it didn´t work but I´m happy, I had another ink cartridge and now I could print the homework.
Children versus adults
How can we make adults do something they must do ?
We can´t punish them, they are not children.
I always thought children were difficult and I haven´t the patience.
But now I think I was wrong.
It´s easier to work with children.
They understand if you have the control and you give them some reason to do something.
With adults it is very complicated.
If you have to work with people and they have to do something they don´t want.
what can we do????
do you think about this?
GPS
I´m impressed with how quickly technology develops.
With satellites, we can see where someone lives, with all types of details.
I have a GPS unit in my car and now I don't have to ask anyone where a place is or worry if I don´t know how to get there.
We can connect our laptop together and see and speak to them at the same time. We can see and speak to people at the same time through our laptops.
Everyday in newspaper and on the news we find new things and other things that will arrive soon.
We can buy or get anything that we want without even leaving home.
Tell me about the latest technology you have seen or read about and liked.
Indian food
I love Indian food .
To be honest, I really like spicy food, and Indian food is my favorite international cuisine.
I usually go with my family to an Indian restaurant that is close to our house.
We order Indian food, and they always ask us if we want it spicy, and we say YES, but I think they don´t give us very spicy because they think that Spanish people don´t like that type of food.
They have a bread called NAN that I love.
They serve it hot.
I¨m trying to learn how to cook it.:) 
I asked one Indian friend I have.
But maybe the oven is the important thing for this; I¨m not sure.
Hard Day
I was working at home all day.
I was so concentrated that I didn´t realize the time.
I hadn´t time to study English.
For me studying English is relaxing.
It´s the way I change the subject.
I do other things differently, and I can write about my feeling and read about other friends and people I don´t know.
I hope to write here almost everyday will be useful for me. "Writing everyday will be useful for me."
Tomorrow will not be so hard day.
Languages
I've always dreamed of speaking English fluently.
This is something that follows me but I never have the time to do it.
I try to study but it is not enough to do well.
I try to find friends to chat on skype or msn, but is not easy to find people because you need time for this too.
I have to tell you a secret :) , I love to speak and I speak a lot.
I´m an open person.
I have no problems finding friends.
The big problem is time.
Every day we have less time and we need to do more things.
People even need courses to know how control the time.
Crazy.
I´d like to be like my grandmother.
She had time for everything.
She had time for doing the chores, for the family, for her, for her friends, for enjoying things, and for her hobbies..
I'm not sure if this modern time is so modern.
We have almost everything but can we enjoy it?
Recipe
Today I spoke with a friend.
Today I was talking to a friend of mine.
It was a fun time.
I had a good time talking to him.
I explained to him how to make "gazpacho". I think I told him some time ago, but when he told me how they did it, it sounded a little different to me.
it´s incredible that the same recipe can be different when it is made by different people.:))
You can make a recipe someone told you about, but it looks very different.
You can make a recipe that someone shares with you but have it turn out looking very different.
LOL
I had to explain the recipe again, and of course nobody makes it the same way.
Next time I´ll ask him if they got to do it .
My Chinese friend
I was speaking today with a friend I met 3 years ago. Or, "a friend I've known for three years"
We had a great time talking.
His life has changed a lot.
Now he is married and has a son who is 3 years old.
We were remembering the time we met.
And how life changes when you are married and even more when you have children.
My children are no longer "children"-- they grow up so quickly.
Stages are changing and we have to adapt to them.
Speaking with my friend
Speaking with my friend
Yesterday I spoke with my friend in English.
Yesterday I spoke with my friend in English.
I´m very happy when we talk to one another.
I´m very happy that we got a chance to talk to each other.
We are more or less the same age and we want to improve our English.
We are more or less the same age and we want to improve our English.
She is a very happy and friendly person.
I love to talk to her.
I was surprised because we could communicate in English and we understood most of the conversation.
I was surprised because we could communicate in English and we could almost understand each otherfully.
I remember the first time we met.
It was very difficult to communicate, but even so, we continued with our friendship.
I´d like to have more time to practice my English, but now I´m trying to do all I can.
I´d like to have more time to practice my English, but I´m already trying to do all I can.
The same mistakes
I realized that I always make the same mistakes.
I realized that I always make the same mistakes.
I´m happy when people here correct my mistakes, but I can´t understand why I have such a bad memory.
When I reread my entries, I notice that, despite knowing something was incorrect, I wrote it anyway.
I have to thank all people who help me and correct my diary, and I have to apologize if I always make mistakes you already corrected in earlier posts.
I have to thank all the people who help me and correct my diary, and I have to apologize if I always make mistakes you corrected me maybe the last time I wrote my diary here.
I have to thank everyone who helps me and corrects my diary, and I also have to apologize if I repeatedly make the same mistakes.
I´ll try to be better.
Smurfs
I went yesterday with my little daughter at the cinema.
We watched the movie Smurfs.
She was excited to watch that movie.
When we left the cinema she asked me: Did you like it?
Oh yes! I said.
You see...
She told me.
I told you... you would like it!
I felt bad telling a lie.
But she was so happy.
Small things can mean so much to children.
St Claus 
Yesterday we had dinner with the family.
When we finished to eat we decided some of us had to dress up as St Claus for the last time.
My daughter made sure to keep her father close to her.
Then we decided it was her uncle's turn this time.
We turned off the lights and we saw outside how St Claus brought all the gifts, but at the end he took off the beard and said :HELLO it´s me!
The children went to him laughing and kissed him.
My daughter in Germany
I got to speak with my daughter for the first time since she left for Germany.
She will be there for three weeks.
She doesn´t know a lot of German. I was a little worried about that
She doesn't know a lot of German, so I was a little worried.
She doesn´t know a lot of German, so I was a little worried for her.
When I spoke with her, I could see that she was ok and motivated to learn new things.
When I spoke with her, I could tell that she was okay and motivated to learn new things.
It´s not the first time she travelled alone ,but she is only 13, and this time she is with a family she doesn´t know and she is so young to be there alone.
It´s not the first time she has traveled alone, but she is only 13, and this time she is with a family she doesn't know. She is so young to be there alone.
I hope she is ok and she can take advantage of this opportunity I gave her.
I hope she is okay and that she can take advantage of this opportunity I gave her.
I´m proud of her.
Habits
Do you think habits are good or bad?
I´m trying to encourage my children to have habits.
I´m trying to raise my children to have habits.
For me habits are very important.
They can make our lives easier.
They can make our lives easier.
Yes, easier.
It´s difficult to get habits , but when you get them you do things without effort.
It´s a goal I have for my daughters and very hard work.
It´s a goal with my daughters and very hard work.
Children don´t like when we require things of them that they don´t like but if we are stubborn they will do them without realizing it.
Children don´t like that we require them to do things they don´t like but if we are stubborn they will eventually do it without realizing.
It´s the best for them.
But when we have a bad habit ....
it´s very difficult to get rid of it.
We need around three months working against it everyday.
I have a good habit.
I like things in their place.
But this too is a bad habit for people around me.
But this is a bad habit for people around me.
I want them to do the same but ...
I want them to do the same, but then ...
it´s not a good habit for them.:)
We need to have dreams.
I´m not sure if we do this well.
All life we lie to the children about Santa Claus, and today I was very sad about that.
All our life we lie to the children about Santa Claus, and today I was very sad about that.
When my smallest daughter asked me again today, I couldn´t lie to her.
I don´t want her to look silly in front of her friends.
But when I told her...
I was sorry. Not bad, but better as 'after I told her I felt sorry', or 'as soon as I told her I was sorry'
She was crying and asking herself - why???
Why is not real St Claus, why is not real this or that?? Why is Santa Claus not real? Why is this not real, or that?
Is it anything real??
I felt so bad for her.
We need to have dreams.
The boat most sailed in history
Juan Sebastián de Elcano is the boat that takes more distance covered sailing.
Soon it will celebrate 100 years of life.
It has already taken 10 trips around the world
One of the oldest and largest ships that sail the world, like in a movie.
But it is still real.
It´s an Spanish ship ,and one of the most beautiful in the world.
Test Your Vocab
I found this test very interesting .
You have to fill in three pages.
Two of them are the questions about words.
The first one is easy and no problem but the second one is more complicated.
You can be native or not native in the English language.
I think it's like a game.
I wanted to share it with you.
I hope you enjoy it.
And share with me your score.:)
I did it twice.
My score the first time was 5230 and the second time it was 6620, when I paid more attention.
Not too good.
You can compare with native and non-native English people
Relationship problems
I told you in my last entry that I have two Cockatiels.
They are not good together, however.
I think I made a mistake.
I put them together on the day I bought them.
The male is 10 months old and the female only 4 or 5.
The first two days everything seemed fine but in 3 days we the female was missing some of her feathers.
The first two days everything seemed fine, but on the third day we saw that the female was missing some of her feathers.
The male was removing the female's feathers, I think because he doesn´t like her.
I think the male was pulling out the female's feathers because he doesn´t like her.
GRRR She is so good.
I remember he was very bad at the same age.:)
I remember that he was very bad at her age.:)
I asked the man from the shop and now I have to keep them in close, seperate cages for 15 days.
I asked the man from the shop about it, and now I have to keep them in close but separate cages for fifteen days.
After this I have to try to put them together again.
If this does not work then I can't ever put them together again.
Christmas Lunch
I don´t know  if you do the same in your country.
Here all companies hold a Christmas lunch before the holidays we get to spend with our families.
You can spend one meal with all your co-workers and laugh and eat together.
It´s a tradition.
I have mine on the 21st.
We have to reserve ahead of time because all the restaurants are full these days.
And I think this year is late ,we must do it with more time.
Do you have the same tradition?
Holidays
I´m on holidays and I can enjoy doing things that I like.
I can spend more time with my family and talk more with my friends.
This year is hard because I have to travel more for my job.
My children are happy too.
We will be away for 10 days and I hope we enjoy and relax as much as possible.
When we will be back from the vacation I will have more time to relax at home.
What will you do on your holidays??
The Difference
We are all different.
But when we speak with people from other countries ...
then we realize we are more different than we thought.
We can say or do something in our country, but if you do or say in another country someone would not understand.
This can be amusing or can be very bad.
Only when we know people well we can judge.
It´s good to travel and to know people from other countries, ages,....
then we open our minds.
They are not toys
I told you that my husband found a chameleon, and he brought him home.
He has been with us since then, but now we have a problem.
He needs live grasshoppers and with the cold weather they are not so easy to find.
I don´t think this poor chamelon was lost in the field.
I think someone let him to go because is not easy to take care of exotic animals, they need special care. "Take care of" is almost a set phrase. You can use it to say "I'm taking care of someone else" or "Take care of yourself!"
We go to find a grasshopper with the children and put it in a box with plants, so..
we don't have to go away everyday to feed the chameleon. "Haven't" is a bit of an unnatural contraction for declarative statements. It was used a lot in old English, but it's more natural to say "don't have" now, unless you're asking a question. E.g. "Haven't you done your homework yet?" or "Haven't you had a chameleon before?"
We get two things out of this. I think this makes it easier to understand what you want to say, though there isn't anything incorrect about your original sentence, the syntax is a little confusing.
We get to walk with the children and we have the food for the chameleon. This ties it in better with the previous statement.
I´d like it if people didn´t buy animals if they can´t be responsible.
They must be clean and they have to eat everyday.
The children like animals but they have to know that they are not toys.
Keyboard
Someone gave me a plastic keyboard.
I´m not sure if it is useful or not.
Does anyone have one? What you had would be commonly used in casual conversation. This would be more complete for something you would write.
Children think they are cool but I think they are not so good.
My Birds Have Eggs!!
Do you remember when I was worried about my birds?
Today I went to feed them, like I do everyday, and I found eggs in their nest.
Today I went to feed them, like I do every day, and I found eggs in their nest.
I told my children that they must be quiet around them now.
I´m not sure what I have to do.
Does she need special food?
I´m happy because my children they wanted to see this happen.
I´m happy because my children wanted to see this happen.
I´m happy for my children because they wanted this to happen.
I don´t know if the eggs will be able to hatch in the end, but I´m happy to see those little eggs inside their nest.
I don´t know if the eggs will hatch , but I´m happy to see those little eggs inside their nest.
''Every cloud has a silver lining''
It's been a week since I could be here OR I haven't been able to be here for a week
It has been one week since I could be here.
I was busy with my job.
I began to read a new book and I was thinking how much time it will take me to read it.
I was doing the math. :)if I could read only a few pages every day...
a long time.:)And I was joking about this.
I was away on business and the last day, when I came home,a strike in the airport made me spend all afternoon there.
I was away on business and the last day, when I came home ,a strike in the airport made me spend all afternoon there.
I was happy for only one thing...
I brought my book in my handbag so I could read .
I brought my book in my handbag and I could read it.
Now I have read half the book,I like so much that I couldn´t stop reading .
Now I have read half the book, I like it so much than I can't stop reading it.
We have a saying: ''Every cloud has a silver lining.''I´m not sure if it is like this in English.
I remember someone told me.
It´s cold
I just arrived home from my trip.
We were in Munich, Salzburg and in a city called Garmisch-Partenkkirchen.
This city impressed me a lot.
It´s very beautiful. Slightly better to use the past tense again - 'It was very beautiful' - but what you've said is fine too.
All of downtown was wonderful and the houses are were great.
I think is the most beautiful city I have ever seen.
We were lucky with the weather.
The previous day some flights were cancelled.
The weather was better the day we travelled.
But we had snow and cold anyway. Good - but a little better would be ' But it was still cold, and there was some snow too'
I have to tell you that I prefer hot weather.
I don´t enjoy it when it´s so cold.
How many holidays do you have in your country?
I´m curious.
I want to know how many holidays you have in your country.
I´m Spanish and in Spain we have 22 .
I usually take almost all of them in the summer.
But this year I left 2 for Christmas.
What about in your country?
Half full or half empty
I envy people who don´t care a lot about material things.
I think they are happier.
The same things can make us be in very different moods.
The same things can put us in very different moods.
There is a saying that goes :
"You can see the glass half full or half empty."
We decide how we want our life.
Small things are the most important but sometimes we don´t realize it or we need a lot of years to see that.
Happy people make us happier, we like to surround ourselves with these people.
Happy people make us happier, and we like to surround ourselves with this kind of people. or, "be surrounded by..."
We must be one of them too.
The weather
I never pay attention to the weather. To "pay attention" is what is called an idiom. That means that it is a phrase that is different from what the words individually would mean.
It is what it is.
I don´t care very much.
The problem is when you have a special event outdoors, and you hope all will be perfect.
The problem is when you have something special planned for outside, and you hope that everything will be perfect.
The only problem is when you have something special to do outdoors, and you wish all will be perfect.
My youngest daughter will have a special day next Sunday.
My daughter will have a special event next Sunday.
I was looking to see what the weather will be like.
I was checking to see what the weather would be like.
And I found on all websites that the weather will be rainy. OR "... that it will be raining"
Every website that I checked said that it was going to rain. Or, "According to every website that I checked, it was going to rain."
Here is not very normal raining weather, almost never is raining here. Suggestions: It is not normally rainy here. OR It does not rain much here OR We get very little rain here.
We don't usually get rainy weather here.
Her best friend can´t be with her because she must be at a prior engagement.
Her best friend can´t be with her because she has a prior engagement.
And one of her cousins can´t be there either.
SIGH
But I have hope that what I saw about the weather is a mistake.
But I am hoping that what I saw about the weather is a mistake.
This time YES.
I'm happy
I'm happy
I'm happy I have a few days off.
My daughters don't have school and we'll be able to spend more time together.
My daughters don't have school, and we'll be able to spend more time together. "Haven't" might be grammatically correct, but it sounds awkward to American English speakers. Sentences like: "Haven't you ever heard of Orange Range?" are ok, but "I haven't a car" sounds awkward to me.
My daughters don't have school today and will be able to spend more time together.
My daughters won't be in school and so, we'll be able to be spend more time together.
They want to go to the cinema but I have a problem...
They want to go to the cinema, but I have a problem...
They want to go to the cinema but I have a problem...
They want to go to the cinema but I have a problem...
They want to go see a movie, but I have a problem... At least where I'm from, we don't say "the cinema" but "the movie theater" instead. However, if you're talking about a plan to go to it, we usually just say "go see a movie" and it's understood where you're going.
like always. or As usual,
The older one wants to go with her friends and the smaller one wants to go with her but that not possible.
The older wants to go with her friends, and the smaller want to go with her, but thats not possible.
The older daughter wants to go with her friends and the younger want to go with her but thats not possible.
My older daughter wants to go with her friends and my younger daughter want to go with her but that's not possible.
I'm not sure if some day they do not fight. ?? I dont know how to fix this 
I'm not sure if some day they do not fight. I am not sure if you mean: I am not sure if there is a single day that they do not fight. Or, I am not sure if they will fight some day.
I'm not sure which days they don't fight.
I'm not sure if there ever will be a day where they do not fight.
I'm not sure if there will ever be a day when they do not fight.
The irony of life
Friday morning, I heard the sad news.
I have a coworker who had a wife who was sick for eight years.
They have two children and I remember the smaller one was more or less one year old when her mother got sick.
The doctors found out that she had cancer and they began the fight against her illness.
When I spoke with my coworker I tried not to speak about his situation because I knew it was difficult, since the wife had to be operated several times.
Last summer they went on vacation and everything in their life seemed back to normal.
Her illness seemed to be controlled.
It was the first summer they could be a complete family and relax.
But on Thursday, something dramatic happened.
His wife was hit by a car.
The doctors couldn´t do anything for her.
And she died.
When a friend told me the news I couldn´t believe it!!
She didn´t die from her cancer; she died from her destiny.
I´d like to be a kid.
I´d like to be a kid.
I´m sure all of us thought about this.
When I saw a baby so happy, so innocent,without problems, envy or malice,I think it is wonderful to see that.
When I see a baby so happy, so innocent,without problems, envy or malice, I think it is wonderful to see that.
When we grow up all those things grow with us.
Children want to be older and when we are older we would like to be a child again.
If you have a child in your house you understand what I mean.
Everything around them is wonderful and great.
Happiness is everywhere.
Not having responsibilities.
Yes, I´d like to be a child again.
Walk
We´ll go for a walk now.
We´ll now go to have a walk.
It is not so hot now, we can go away.
The heat is less now and we can go.
Today was very very hot.
We were in the pool almost all of the time .
We were almost in the pool all day.
For lunch we made barbecue.
For food we had a barbecue.
I was lazy today, so I asked my husband to cook.
I was lazy today and I asked my husband if he could cook.
In the morning, we eat "churros" for breakfast. ☻¡Viva churros!☻
In the morning we ate "churros" for breakfast.
We usually eat them with chocolate.
I love them but they are very heavy :).
Teamwork
Do you like or do you know how to work with other people?
I ask in this way because it is difficult to do that.
I like teamwork.
I love to help people in my job.
When someone is new, I try my best to help them.
But I realize that not all people are the same way.
WHY???
I think we must work together and if we do our best, things will be the best too.
We are all in the same ship.( I don´t know if this expression is the same in English.:))
We are all in the same boat. ( I don´t know if this expression is the same in English.:))
Some people insist on teasing others instead of helping.
Some people insist on belittling others instead of helping them.
Do you agree?
Chinese language
I heard, a while ago, that the Chinese language will be very important in the future.
I have been hearing for a long time that the Chinese language will be very important in the future.
Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese business that are very competitive with prices.
Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese business, and they are very competitive with their prices.
Here in my country, there are a lot of Chinese businesses, and they are very competitive with their prices. 
People need to speak Chinese if they want to do business with them.
People need to speak Chinese if they want to do business with them.
If not then they need a translator.
We often see the label: "Made In China".
We can see "Made in China" on a lot of things .
Nobody is surprised by this.
I wonder if we´ll need to use the Chinese language in the future.
I wonder if we´ll need the Chinese language in the future.
Well, maybe not me but the younger generation, in their teens or early 20's?
I´m almost sure of this.
What do you think?
Is it the same in your country?
Days Free
I don't think I explained what I wanted to say very well in my last entry .
I wanted to ask how many days free companies give to people when they work.
For example, I get 22 days of vacation for every year that I work.
What about in your country?
A little sad
Today when I got home my daughter told me that our pet chameleon had died. Arrived is more formal... not usually used in speech.
Sara was crying.
It´s curious how children handle these situations.
It´s interesting how children experience these situations.
All things that happen in their lives now will prepare them for the future.
Everything that happens in their life now will prepare them for the future. or, "is preparing them"
She has a great-grandmother and I remember when one day she asked her when she was going to die.:)).
Uhmmm not a good question ehh??
The laptop
I sent my laptop for repair.
I sent my laptop in to have it fixed.
But I received it back today and it was still broken.
Why do they make things more complicated?
Why do they have to make things more complicated?
I'm very angry.
I´ll have to send it in again.
Really???
This delays my work even more.
This delay is more work for me.
Here I am
Well, I'd like to start by introducing myself.
My name is Sebastián, I'm 17 years old and I'm Chilean
My name is Sebastián, I'm 17 years old and I'm Chilean.
I've been learning English for 3 years..
I've been learning English for three years..
or that's what I try to do
ahahha
I was spending time on Twitter when I saw some News * I love reading New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my English skills*
I was spending time on Twitter when I saw some News * I love reading New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my English skills*
I was spending time on Twitter when I read some news.  I love reading the New York Times, CNN and CBC for improving my English skills.
I read the one about how to learn a foreign language...
I read the one about how to learn a foreign language...
I read the one about how to learn a foreign language.
And well,
I'm here...
checking this out hahaha
So....
I hope you will help me and not disrespect my grammar or any thing like that lol
I hope you help me and don't struggle with my grammar or those kinds of things lol
I hope you help me and don't get desperate with my grammar or those kind of things! lol
Bye bye!
good morning
This my second comment. Please help me!
This is my second comment. Help me please!
I am from Concepción in the Junín region of Peru. It is a very nice city.
My name
My name is Luis. I am from Peru.
Chinatown
Is it ok or how can you improve it to make it grammatically error-free?
This is a method for learning English, but it can be used to learn any language.
Guild Wars
ok, today i will write about my favorite game, It's a role playing game, and it's about the history of three continents
Ok, today i will write about my favorite game. It's a role playing game, and it's about the history of three continents.
Ok, today I will write about my favorite game. It's a role-playing game, and it's about the history of three continents.
The first one is called Tirya and it has a bigger and more interesting history than the other two.
The first one is called Tirya and has a bigger history than the other two, 
The first one is called Tirya, it has a bigger history than the other two, 
The first one is called Tyria and has a more detailed history than the other two, 
There is a crack where you can enter the underworld if you kill all the enemies in the zone. You enter the scar, and then to the garden. Lastly, you can enter to the hero's hall where everything is made of gold, In the last part, you can find three mesmer boss called The Darkness. If you manage to kill them they will give you two green staves. Each staff can be sold for aproximaly 5 thousand gold coins.
and its a bit boring, but there is a crack where you can enter the underworld. If you kill all the enemies in this zone, you enter the scar and then the garden, and finally you can enter the hero's hall. There, everything is made of gold, and in the last part you can find three mesmer bosses called The Darkness. If you can kill them, they give you two green staffs. Each staff can be sold for approximately 5 thousand gold coins.
and it's a bit boring, but there is a crack from where you can enter the underworld if you kill all the enemies on the area that leads to the opening and to the garden and at the end, you can enter the Hero's Hall. There, everything is made of gold and in the last part you can find three mesmer bosses called The Darkness. If you kill them, they give you two green staffs, and each staff can be sold for approximately five thousand gold coins.
and it's a bit boring, but there is a crack where you can enter to underworld if you kill all the enemies in the zone.  You enter the Rift, and then the Courtyard, and last you can enter to the Hall of Heroes where everything is made of gold.  And in the last part, you can find three mesmer bosses called The Darkness.  If you can kill them they give you two green staffs, each of which can be sold for approximaly 5 thousand gold coins.
Today I got lucky and they gave me 3 green staves, and i get 70 thousand gold coins, xD
Today i had good luck and they gave me 3 green staffs, and i got 70 thousand gold coins, xD
Today I had good luck and they gave me 3 greens, and I got 70 thousand gold coins, xD
My English Exam
Last Saturday, my English teacher gave us our average from the exam.
To be honest I really felt this exam was hard and I didn't study for this.
Well, I got 8.7 and my last average was 9.4. If you get less than 8 you cannot pass to the next level.
I'm in intermediate 1 (from 3), and this teacher is teaching us American English.
At this school British English is taught, so sometimes when she is speaking i don't understand immediately.
However, I will do my best to try and learn American, British or whatever English accent is required. xD I wish someday I could teach English and travel to Toronto or London, maybe Washington. xD
Ok thanks for the corrections.
good luck
ok I'm new here Good.
I don't know what to write about, but I'm going to try.
I dont know what to write but I'm trying.
In my English class, I hate writing because I don't have the imagination to write. xD
In my english class i hate writing because i don't have imagination to write. xD
Mm, after 20 minutes, I can't write any more. 
mm 20 minutes later and i cant write more Good Enough...
D=
Sometimes I think that days are so short because I can't do much things. However, on weekends, the days are longer and then I don't know what to do!
Sometimes i think that days are too short, because i cant do many things, but on weekends the days are longer and i dont know what to do!
Ok my mind is blank.
ok my brain is dry Awesome!
Ok, my brain has run dry.
see you Good!
I'm back!
I'm still without inspiration, but i have to try to learn more about English.
Today I woke up early, at 7:30 more less, and went to my English school to do my final test.
Last saturday was my oral exam, I had to learn three twister tongues, and I did great,the teacher gave me a nine, Today in my final test the luck left me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I would also change the first sentence... I would say something like "My oral exam was last saturday"
Well I didn't study and I couldn't go to two clases, so I didn't learn two topics, Today my average was 8.4, If I'd had 8 or less, I wouldn't have passed to the next level.
In the end I'm in intermediate 2, and I'm happy for that, well my brain is dry again :P
see you!
Hi, this is my first entry...so don't be too hard on me.
My goal is do one entry a day to learn English.
Thanks to all of you for helping me.
See you.
Greetings
Hello everyone,
I'm studying english since several months 
I'm from Mexico and would like to go to Canada someday
I'm native Spanish so if you have a doubt or want to practice, count with me.
Greetings.
Luck.
verbs in present and present progressive
Carmen is (EXERCISE) exercising now.
Juan  is (WRITE) writing a love letter now.
He writes a love letter to his girlfriend every day.
Clara is (IRON) ironing her clothes now.
She irons them twice a week.
My brother (PLAY) plays basketball once a week.
He is playing now.
Her father paints two days a week.
We are painting now.
thank you 
i cannt understand the word "over"
sometines i listen a song, per first time, and the song is nice, but i listen the song , again and again, and i see that the letter isnt very good, and sometimes i cannt understand the meaning of specif sentences, exemple:
you p.m.s.
, i dont know what is p.m.s.
and you over think, it`s the same case, i dont undestand 
stuck on a roller coaster.............
the idea is?
well, anyway
Hello
Hello, everyone.
I am a new user and I hope to learn much English from people here!
I am a new user and I hope to learn much English from people here!
I wonder how you reply to comments or corrections on my journal?
Is it possible to do so or is the only way to make a comment on my own journal entry and wish for the writer to come back to the page and see?
Thank you for helping!
I had many problems to solve
I've had to solve many problems during my life.
I've had many problems to solve all along my life.
Could you say this another way in English?
Could you say this in another way in english? I think the sentence as you wrote it is perfectly fine, though you could capitalize English.
Thanks!
ayuda jej
hi all I wish to help me correct my English please add me my msns: rey_1800@hotmail.
com
XD:::::
Lang-8
I've been surfing on this site for a week and I really think that it's a great site to improve English, (in my case) or any language.
People are very kind and they correct your entries in few min.
You can make friends and learn about other cultures too.
What's the bad point?
You can practise listening or speaking.
And sometimes native speakers only correct grammar mistakes so although your text is technically correct it doesn't seem to be real English.
Who can find more English mistakes? (Please, not only grammar)
The Italian Languague.
Sometimes people take up language courses in order to improve their skills at work when their boss asks for it; or children are pushed to study languages for their future.
However, this doesn't always happen.
That is why, Italian is one of the most interesting languages in the world.
Nobody is forced to speak it.
Most people usually learn it because of its beauty.
To understand why, it's important have a look at the history.
 European people spoke latin-derived dialects that gradually changed over the years, like French, Portuguese, Spanish and Italian.
What happended with France, Portuguese and Spain was a progressive evolution that was accepted by all their habitants.
But Italy was the exception.
One reason is that Italy wasn't a country for years.
It wasn't unified until 1861. Meanwhile, it was completely disunited, and the territories that actually conformed to the country were governed by different countries.
"All this internal division meant that Italy never properly coalesced, and Italian didn't either.
So it's not surprising that, for, centuries, Italians wrote and spoke in local dialects that were mutually unfathomable." Gilbert explains.
In 16th century, some italian's intellectuals joined together and they decided that Italy needed a unique language, at least in writing.
They read about/looked up beautiful italian words in each dialect.
They found that the most beautiful were Danti Algheri's Florentine dialect.
They took many words from "Divine Comedy".
It is because, when Dante wrote it, he didn't choose Latin words.
They thought that it was a very restrictive language.
Only rich people could afford to have classes.
So, they chose those words that generally were spoken by Florentines.
Therefore, the intellectuals decided that Dante's Italin would be the Italian Official Language.
Nowdays though over the years it has changed, essentially Italian is Dantean.
Italian Language's text.
Chapter 15.
The interesting thing about my Italian class is that nobody really needs to be there.
There are twelve of us studying together, of all ages, from all over the world, and everybody has come to Rome for the same reason—to study Italian just because they feel like it.
Not one of us can identify a single practical reason for being here.
Nobody’s boss has said to anyone, “It is vital that you learn to speak Italian in order for us to conduct our business overseas.” Everybody, even the uptight German engineer, shares what I thought was my own personal motive: we all want to speak Italian because we love the way it makes us feel.
A sad-faced Russian woman tells us she’s treating herself to Italian lessons because “I think I deserve something beautiful.” The German engineer says, “I want Italian because I love the dolce vita”—the sweet life.
(Only, in his stiff Germanic accent, it ends up sounding like he said he loved “the deutsche vita”—the German life—which I’m afraid he’s already had plenty of.) 
As I will find out over the next few months, there are actually some good reasons that Italian is the most seductively beautiful language in the world, and why I’m not the only person who thinks so.
To understand why, you have to first understand that Europe was once a pandemonium of numberless Latin-derived dialects that gradually, over the centuries, morphed into a few separate languages—French, Portuguese, Spanish, Italian.
What happened in France, Portugal and Spain was an organic evolution: the dialect of the most prominent city gradually became the accepted language of the whole region.
Therefore, what we today call French is really a version of medieval Parisian.
Portuguese is really Lisboan.
Spanish is essentially Madrileño.
These were capitalist victories; the strongest city ultimately determined the language of the whole country.
Italy was different.
One critical difference was that, for the longest time, Italy wasn’t even a country.
It didn’t get itself unified until quite late in life (1861) and until then was a peninsula of warring city-states dominated by proud local princes or other European powers.
Parts of Italy belonged to France, parts to Spain, parts to the Church, parts to whoever could grab the local fortress or palace.
The Italian people were alternatively humiliated and cavalier about all this domination.
Most didn’t much like being colonized by their fellow Europeans, but there was always that apathetic crowd that said, “Franza o Spagna, purchè se magna,” which means, in dialect, “France or Spain, as long as I can eat.” 
All this internal division meant that Italy never properly coalesced, and Italian didn’t either.
So it’s not surprising that, for centuries, Italians wrote and spoke in local dialects that were mutually unfathomable.
A scientist in Florence could barely communicate with a poet in Sicily or a merchant in Venice (except in Latin, of course, which was hardly considered the national language).
In the sixteenth century, some Italian intellectuals got together and decided that this was absurd.
This Italian peninsula needed an Italian language, at least in the written form, which everyone could agree upon.
So this gathering of intellectuals proceeded to do something unprecedented in the history of Europe; they handpicked the most beautiful of all the local dialects and crowned it Italian.
In order to find the most beautiful dialect ever spoken in Italy, they had to reach back in time two hundred years to fourteenth-century Florence.
What this congress decided would henceforth be considered proper Italian was the personal language of the great Florentine poet Dante Alighieri.
When Dante published his Divine Comedy back in 1321, detailing a visionary progression through Hell, Purgatory and Heaven, he’d shocked the literate world by not writing in Latin.
He felt that Latin was a corrupted, elitist language, and that the use of it in serious prose had “turned literature into a harlot” by making universal narrative into something that could only be bought with money, through the privilege of an aristocratic education.
Instead, Dante turned back to the streets, picking up the real Florentine language spoken by the residents of his city (who included such luminous contemporaries as Boccaccio and Petrarch) and using that language to tell his tale.
He wrote his masterpiece in what he called dolce stil nuovo, the “sweet new style” of the vernacular, and he shaped that vernacular even as he was writing it, affecting it as personally as Shakespeare would someday affect Elizabethan English.
For a group of nationalist intellectuals much later in history to have sat down and decided that Dante’s Italian would now be the official language of Italy would be very much as if a group of Oxford dons had sat down one day in the early nineteenth century and decided that—from this point forward—everybody in England was going to speak pure Shakespeare.
And it actually worked.
The Italian we speak today, therefore, is not Roman or Venetian (though these were the powerful military and merchant cities) nor even really entirely Florentine.
Essentially, it is Dantean.
No other European language has such an artistic pedigree.
And perhaps no language was ever more perfectly ordained to express human emotions than this fourteenth-century Florentine Italian, as embellished by one of Western civilization’s greatest poets.
Dante wrote his Divine Comedy in terza rima, triple rhyme, a chain of rhymes with each rhyme repeating three times every five lines, giving his pretty Florentine vernacular what scholars call “a cascading rhythm”—a rhythm which still lives in the tumbling, poetic cadences spoken by Italian cabdrivers and butchers and government administrators even today.
The last line of the Divine Comedy, in which Dante is faced with the vision of God Himself, is a sentiment that is still easily understandable by anyone familiar with so-called modern Italian.
Dante writes that God is not merely a blinding vision of glorious light, but that He is, most of all, l’amor che move il sole e l’altre stelle .
.
.
“The love that moves the sun and the other stars.” 
So it’s really no wonder that I want so desperately to learn this language.
Exam 1 - Part 2 - Question 6
James,
That was a wonderful party.
I had a great time seeing my schoolmates again.
I spent a great time meeting my classmates again.
We haven't seen each other in such a long time.
We haven't seen for a long time each other.
I liked the video we watched about our childhood the most.
The best thing I liked was the video which we could enjoy seeing our childhood.
I'm looking forward to us meeting again.
I'm looking forward to meeting everyone again. Note:us includes yourself. 
How about next Sunday?
What about next Sunday?
Kisses,
Geraldine.
carta 2
         Caracas, February 20011.
To: World Youth Choir.
 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.
Thank you,
Motivation
For me, this is a great opportunity to meet and a challenge of learning new music and culture with a global high-level group.
carta
         Caracas, February 20011.
To: World Youth Choir.
 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.
Thank you,
carta
         Caracas, February 2011.
To: World Yourth Choir.
First of all, I salute you and thank you for the opportunity you are giving me to audition.
For me, it would be an enriching experience an honor to contribute with my voice to the World Youth Choir,wich is a very recognized organization.
This would be a unique opportunity to acquire knowledge from worldwide recognized conductors.
I would feel proud to represent my country in the World Youth Choir.
For me, it is a challenge.
Thank you,
dirreccion
Pan-American Highway km.27 Alps sector, house # 42 Guacaipuro municipality, theTeques, Miranda State, Venezuela
carta
         Caracas, February 20011.
To: World Youth Choir.
 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.
Thank you,
carta 1
         Caracas, February 2011.
To: World Yourth Choir.
First of all, I salute you and thank you for the opportunity you are giving me to audition.
For me, it would be an enriching experience and an honor to contribute with my voice to the World Youth Choir, which is a well recognized organization.
This would be a unique opportunity to acquire knowledge from conductors who are recognized worldwide.
I would feel proud to represent my country in the World Youth Choir.
For me, it is a challenge.
Thank you,
carta
         Caracas, February 20011.
To: World Youth Choir.
 The reason me to participate audition of the World Youth Choir is just the desire of following singing with people from other countries and experience few years ago, I made promise to my dying tether, which was representing my country, in case of failing this attempt, I will centime trying to reach the going of being in the best youth chorus of the world, where my dream will become true.
Thank you,
Let introce my self
Hi there, this is my fist post and I am rally exited,thanks in advace for your help
Sunday
Today was a weird day.
We had rain, but it was hot as hell.
I had a headache almost the entire afternoon
So I took an aspirin and it went away.
Since I have a test tomorrow I can't watch movies today, so I've been studying the whole night.
I hope I'll get an A.
Hola
Eu quero aprender Português...
there's no time to sleep some days
All night i'll be practicing my saxophone studies I hope that all efford it's worth  for tomorrow class 
the production begins now
Recently I made a new group with my friends. We had been talking months ago about making this new group and finally we started to compose. This week we'll work on making new music and planning the first song that will be in the production to begin the recordings.
The music we are looking to create is electronic music , something like the Chemical Brothers or the IDM wave in europe.
there's a lot of work to do so let's get started now 
A beautiful cold day
Today is a cold day, is really frozen out.
I just came back home, I've been studying in the university.
It's so fun because I have many friends, and my teachers are very smart.
I`am studying for become History Teacher.
Perdón!!
se que tengo que mejorar muchísimo en ingles, gracias por su ayuda!
Hello everybody
Hello, this is my first post here.
I hope someone can help me because my English is so bad.
Well, I'm going to drink "mate" because today is a really cold day.
Bye, see you later.
new lang-8
jijii it`s so cool :)
i want to learn to speak English 
but, i don't know much Verbs 
Improving my English II
Hello again, this is the second episode of my "improving English" saga.
Today was the third day of my internship; the second one was similar to the first one, which was pretty boring and very useless. Although, I could use a computer to read manuals in English, and a couple in Spanish.
Today I had the same kind of day. Reading manuals a few times is good, but not for eight hours, because I don't have the opportunity to use the software, so I can't practice with and learn it.
Today I had the same kind of day, reading manuals is good a few at a time, but not good for eight hours because I haven't the opportunity to use the software, so I can't put into practice what I'm learning.
Supposedly tomorrow will be the last day of this method. I sincerely hope so.
See ya.
Improving my English III
Hello again, I'm continue this series with talking about the last day of this week at my internship.Hello again, I'd like to continue this series with talking about the last day of this week at my internship.
Hello again, I'm going to continue this series by talking about the last day of this week at my internship.
Friday was pretty boring. The same routine, nothing new but we did get some "good news".
Supposedly, we have our users created on the server and they will be activated on Monday. My understand is that means we will do something the next week.
Supposedly we have our users created on the server and they will be activated on Monday. As I understand it, that means we will do something next week.
I also want to talk about the earthquake in Japan.
I hope all people arounnd here will be ok, and the situation improve soon.==You don't necessarily need the comma here. I'm notorious for "comma splicing" and run-on sentences so one of the other English-speaking friends may want to double check.==
I hope everybody around here will be ok, and that the situation improves soon.
The news is really confusing.==Usually plural words require "are" to follow but the news is treated like a singular word. It's an exception to the s equals plural word rule.==
It's very important to rescue the people and solve the problem with the nuclear reactor.
I hope that they find many survivors at Minami Sanriku.
Take care, Japanese people; this will pass.
15 MIL  300 MILLION PESOS IN CREDITS AVAILABLE TO SMALL AND MEDIUM FARMERS 
thanks to he agreement among, the department of productivity, competitiveness of Antioquia and the guarantee fund of Antioch since 2009 until now, small and medium producers have benefited with credits for 24688 million of pesos.
There funds are for 4712 credits  given to projects that have made in Antioquia, except in urban areas of the valley of Aburrá, these funds are aimed to small, medium, big producers and groups associated with agriculture and agritourism.
Hello!!
Hi, I´m a new member in Lang-8 and I´m not sure how I have to use this page.
Could someone give a piece of advice about it?
Thanks  
Tomorrow
Tomorrow my beautiful country will be a year older, because tomorrow is the 15th of September.
My country was born on the 15th of September in 1810.
The independence day is very interesting; the people go dancing,_and go with their families to Zocalo.
Zocalo will be a very lively place...
You know, you should google "Mexico 15th of September"...
I Loveeeeee!
Violence at school
Nowadays, violence is everywhere you look.
On the TV, games on 
On TV, in games...
the Internet...
The people are getting used to it and they play down to this attitude.
People are getting used to it and their attitude is changing.
Everybody is influented by violence, especially children.
Everybody is being influenced by violence, especially children.
The kids learn by copying the behaviour of their parents.
If they see
violence, they´ll be violent people.
The aggressiveness learned is put to practise on the school´s 
playground.
Everyday, we can see in the news how the children bully 
their classmates with extremely cruelty.
their classmates with extreme cruelty.
Besides, the violence is 
spreading to the classroom and the teacher suffers it too.
Due to that, we must try to change the mentality of our society on this 
Due to that, we must try to change the mentality of our society regarding this matter.
aspect, making people aware of the serious problem which is 
We need to make  people more aware of the serious problem which is aggressiveness and try to change things.
aggressiveness and trying to change it,
presentation
Hi Nina, 
How are you today?
I hope you're ready for tomorrow.
Almost 2 years...
It's been almost two years since I moved from my natal Guadalajara (Mexico) to San Francisco (US), and it's kind of weird after living in Mexico for almost 25 years just leave everything behind; It would be fair to say that I had experience new things, but sometimes I feel like I don't belong and makes me feel uneasy...
Saturday Night
Hiii!
I'm going to a gothic/heavy metal party with my friends tomorrow, and I'm really excited about it.
Since I have to prepare the dress and makeup for my best friend, today I'm watching lots of videos on youtube for inspiration.
I suppose I will just use some black/red eyeshadow for her beautiful eyes and some of my gothic clothes.
She is e-mailing me a lot because she is very curious about what I'm preparing.
I'm glad she is excited about the party, too.
We have been really sad these past weeks, and I think this party will be a good way to have fun and forget about our problems.
I haven't decided what I'll prepare for myself yet.
I only know I will wear a beautiful and amazing leather dress and maybe some spike bracelets.
Maybe I can borrow some more accessories from my other friends, we will see...
Maybe I can borrow some more accessories for my other friends. We will see...
I hope everything goes well and we have fun :P.
Bye byeeeeeee
It's Snowing
It snowed all day long.
Everybody was really happy because it's really strange to see snow in Barcelona, but since it was cold I couldn't do anything interesting.
So, I stayed in my room all day long.
I spent the day drawing cute things and playing videogames online with my friends.
It was kind of sad.
I don't like staying home all day long because whenever I do that I think too muuuuuch and it's problematic.
I don't like being home all day long because whenever I do that I think too muuuuuch and it's problematic.
I'm not studying as much as I would like to, I should put in more effort!
That's why I'm writing a little bit in English today.
I will improve ò_ó.
I should do the same in Japanese but I was feeling laaaaaaaaazy.
Bye bye
Maybe I will write more tomorrow.
I am new to this!!
Hi!!
I´am kathy I like to learn more of english can help me
Is it correct? I hope you enjoy it 
I used to be a 30 years boy girlfriend I was used to hear critics about   the  age difference, but I was getting used to a boring life it was a familiar life but not so funny and I got used to get insatisfaction with the relationship each time more; I loved him but the different interests were taking importance and I started to need several changes for make my life  more interesting and fuller to my personality.
I was in high school i used to date him at weekends because i used to do lots of activities from monday to friday and then I started University and knew a new world that involved me in my major of Biology.
So that, the problems started to become harder to me.
That was because I met a guy I liked him but I tought he didn´t like me; I tried to be faithful and I got it but finally i gave up and I told to my "now" exboyfriend we have to break up and I felt very bad because I was letting him alone with his mom´s disease.
It did´nt matter I left him  I have given to him lots of opportunities and it was very necessary for make me feel freedom and hapinesss again although I´ll have to spend more time loooking for it.
Fortunately with my friends help I could get used to look again for my new and very wished life style; they were planning something else to make me think in the guy I mentioned at the beginning and I finally found what I really needed.
I would´ve rather to have had another way to break up with my exboyfriend but at the end it seems to be getting easier each day and after all the insults he told me I´ve forgiven him and he´s getting used to be responsible from the actions he does.
the end 
I hope it was interesting to you my story...
And I hope you could correct it, if you want you can contact me.
Bye sincerely Luz(skylight)
Have fun every time you can
PLease contact me
I want to talk with people whose first language is English...
Dates that are important for me.
My birthday because sometimes my family and I meet.
They celebrate my birthday first with a song"Happy Birthday" then everybody eats a piece of cake.
The other important day is Christmas, because I'm on vacation and my friends are too.
Therefore, I go out with them.
However, my other favorite date is maybe the first day of classes, because my classmates are also my friends , and in my university the vacations last 2 months therefore I miss them.
Independence Day
Independence Day
In my country September 15 is Independence Day.
In my country, September 15 is Independece Day.
In my country, September 15 is Independence Day.
On September 14, people take to the streets at night with their lanterns to illuminate all the streets, but why do we do it?
But the night of September 14, the people take to the streets with lanterns and illuminate the whole street. But why do we do it?
On September 14, the people take to the streets at night with their lanterns to illuminate the entire street. Why we do it?
Because this represents the time (190 years ago) when a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran that night (14 September) with her lantern in her hands. She was looking for citizens to gather at the plaza where the provincial councils were gathered.
Because, on this night 190 years ago, a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran through the streets with a lantern in her hands, looking for citizens to gather at the plaza where the provincial councils were gathered.
We do this because this represents the time, 190 years ago, when a lady named Dolores Bedoya ran with her lantern in her hands. She looked to gather citizens at plaza where the provincial councils gathered.
Their objectives were the desired signatures.
Their objectives were to pressure the councils to sign an independence act.
That night, the people gathered with their lanterns because on September 14, 1821 in my country there was no electricity. Since that night and year after year, people began to decorate their houses with simple but beautiful lanterns.
That night, the people were gathered with their lanterns because on September 14, 1821 my country didn't have electricity, and since that night, year after year, people have garnished their houses with simple but beautiful lanterns.
That night, the people gathered with their lanterns because on September 14, 1821, my country didn't have electricity. Since that night, year after year, people garnish their homes with simple, but beautiful lanterns.
At the end of the last century those parades gained popularity and the parades with lanterns have become a sensation to celebrate our independence day.
Toward the end of the last century parades gained popularity and Independence Day parades using lanterns became a sensation.
At the end of last century, parades became popular, and the parade with lanterns is a celebration for our Independence Day.
For example, yesterday I went to a parade, and I saw many lanterns, beautiful and original lanterns, and many drums.
For example, yesterday, I went to a parade, and I saw many beautiful and original lanterns, also I saw many drums.
Yesterday, I went to the parade, and I saw many beautiful and originals lanterns. Also I watched many people play drums.
Last night was incredible because there were fireworks.
Last night was also incredible because it had great fireworks..
The last night was incredible because it also had fireworks.
Hi again
Ok, I´m here again because I want to learn English, and I think that I will be able to do so.
Hum, I don´t have any idea how I can write on this page but I know that I need to practice my redaction because it is very funny to meet different people who write in other languages, hehe.
Hum, I don´t have any idea what to post, but I know that I neet to practice my writing because it is very funny meeting different people that write in other languages, hehe.
And may be if I learn English and save money, I could visit Canada.
And maybe If I learn English and save money I can visit Canada.
My resolution for this year is to write, understand and speak English so that when I visit these places I could eat at least, hehehe n_n!!!!
Pediatrics
Ok, I will write about my day.
I´m studying medicine at the UNAM, but now I´m practicing in the hospital. --- When you say "I am" or "I'm," your verb needs to end with an "ing."
I take class in the hospital and I´m two weeks in the service and chage for two weeks in the other service, for example: I was 2 weeks in dysplasias an today changed for Pediatrics.
I love my career and I like to learn a lot of things about the body and diseases, but I have a problem. I can´t ???Can't what??? with the children because is too difficult for me. I feel that babies are a different species because they are totally diferent that adults.
The ?palogiest? and the treatment are different. You can´t use the same medicine for the adult. I have an example: --- Que quiere decir la palabra "palogiest?"
When a man has a headache you can more or less know the reason, maybe a migraine, stress, hypertension, health problems...
etc. But, when the child has headaches you have a lot of problems. First, the children do not always talk with the doctors, children will rarely tell you the intensity of pain or what happens in school. Maybe the child fell when he ran in the garden, but he doesn´t want to say because he feels that he will have problems, I don´t know .
Perhaps I´m the problem, hehehe, but is true, I can´t ?????? with Pediatrics, I prefer adults and the elderly. --- You need another verb with can't. You can't what?
Maybe I need to live a long time in this area to understand and love it too.
I don`t like the exams
Tomorrow I will have an oral exam but I don`t have any idea what to talk about.
I dont like exams,especially when the exams are oral and in English.
I´m studying medicine and all the time I answer exams, I have a problem with this, when I need to answer one I can´t because I´m very nervous.
Hahaha, I don`t have any problems with my patients, I can talk with them and solve their questions, I can revise their clinical history and give a diagnostic.
But when I take a sit and I need to answer an exam, upsss u_u!!
I know nothing.
I should visit a phsychologist, I think that the problem is me.
Maybe I have this problem because I want to do this perfect and instead of calming down, I just think about not having mistakes.
I only wish that my readers don´t have this problem
Bye
My favorite hero
This text is because I need do the English homework about
"my favorite hero" and I need a cute person who wants correct my mistakes.
Beforestart I need write: thanks for your time.
After thought, I want write about Batman, which is the reason why I select this personage:
I think that he is the only hero that doesn´t need super powersto fight agains villains.
He has a reason to fight for justice, because he lost his parents in the dark night when the Joker killed the Bruce's parents and he only wants revenge, I think that, if I could be him, probably, I could fall into drugs but he didn't, hahaha :-P
When he was young he trained his body and his mind just because he knew that he was able to return and use that.
He use his intelligence, science and tecnology for solve the crimes.
and the most important, he is handsome and has a perfect body.
hahaha
But I think that not everything in life is perfect, because I belive that he is gay because when he sees a woman he disapears.
I'm trying to learn English
Hello!!
My name is Maira and in this moment I'm leaning English. 
I know that English is very important for mylife and I want to learn but...
I'm stuckbecause I try and try, andI have studied for 3 years butI can´t lean, I think that English is not for me, hahaha n_n!!!!
I hope that in this page I will can learn more than in my English class (hahahaha).
See you and thanks for your time.
Haiti earthquake 
Hum...
This is tomorrow's homework, please, could you help me with some mistakes?
My final examen is in two days, I'm really nervous
Haiti earthquake 
Haiti's last earthquake was on January 12th, 2010, at 04:53 pm; its epicenter was near Léogâne, approximately 25 km east of Port-au-Prince.
Haiti is a very poor country that is located in a hugely vulnerable place in Central America, between the Caribbean Sea and North Atlantic Ocean.
This country has a history of earthquakes, hurricanes and cyclones, and much fighting because of the monarchy they had after being a French colony.
Most of the houses were very weak, so they were destroyed.
They also didn't have a strong enough government to confront the terrible disaster.
Many buildings collapsed, like the hospital, the harbor and the trade centers, as did the telephone lines, roads and most of the structures.
There are thousands of casualties and missing people. Even though many countries are sending help, and numerous people around the world are organizing campaigns, the disaster has claimed between 100,000 to 200,000 lives.
The Haitian authorities confirmed that they had buried 150,000 people twelve days after the earthquake.
Public figures died, like the archbishop of Haiti, the Haitian Blue Helmets leader and musicians.
In my opinion, it is a very pitiful event, because Haiti is a broke country whose economy has never been good, and this disaster is even more difficult in that situation.
Now the country has to start again, organize a new government, heal people and restructure the city. With all the help they're getting, I hope for the best, because they all need a new opportunity.
However, the international aid makes us understand that when we help each other, especially in times of need and when the nature is not as peaceful as it usually is, we can build a better world.
Controversial Issues
That's the tittle of the unit that we are studying in my English class, very complicated...
if it is difficult to discuss that kind of topics in my own language, imagine discussing it in a foreign one!
:/ ah...
I can survive.
Before I forgott it, I write a paragraph of "Personal Opinion" about the last reading we had:
In my opinion, it was a very interesting and unique discovery, because fossils are important for us to identify new details about ancient plants and animals.
A complete forest preserved in time is something that could transform our vision of that period, and it permits investigators to know what caused the decrease of some of those species.
I couldn’t agree more with the paleobotanic that believes we have a big opportunity to know how carbon dioxide affected the 300 million years ago atmosphere.
I’m for investigations, but people that go there also have to be careful, they need to use correct protection.
Also we have to talk about problems in the world (yes, very difficult topics for this month.)
A friend of mine and I decided to talk about poverty in Haiti.
Today we had an exposition.
Could you help us with the writing part?
Poverty in Haiti
We all know that poverty is a huge problem in Haiti.
But, why does it happen?
Let's review Haiti's history.
Haiti was a French colony.
Their independence brought a revolution that destroyed the country, then they had to pay a large indemnity and were occupied  by the United States.
The governments that followed independence were unstable.
They are in a huge vulnerable place in Central America, Haiti’s last earthquake is one disaster in their natural disasters record.
Most people don’t have water or electricity systems, medical assistance or education.
Lots of people don’t learn to write and they can’t afford to pay even for very basic necessities.
Before the tragedy, the poorest people had to eat mud cookies to survive.
Now they have international help, but a new problem is who can take care of Orphan children.
Some solutions are that Haitians deserve to have an effective farming service to work because they need to sustain themselves.
Deforestation need to be stopped, because it made the impact of natural disasters worse.
And finally but very important, they need education and access to basic necesities.
Thanks for reading, I owe you one!
Day of the wheels... what?
That was a weird homework assignment.
We have to invent a holiday...
and a country where it takes place.
I decided to invent "The day of the wheels" (and I need ideas for the weird country's name U.
u) 
Please help me~ ówò
What do people wear?
They wear informal clothes with pictures of wheels on them, and the most enthusiastic people uses wheels like belts.
What do people eat or dance?
People eat Donuts and all types of circular food , and they dance in circles.
Actually, it's funny.
How was this holiday started? - or - How did this holiday start?
Is it the same now or did it change?
People used to have picnics and march in small parades.
Nowadays, it is the same.
How did it begin?
It started in my country as a decree, people wanted to create a holiday, so they decided to create that holiday.
The wheels are important to everyday life.
:) thanks for reading ^^U
Renoir's Art
That is the topic for my reading report =w= now, in Intermediate 4, things are more difficult :D but I know I can do it!
Oh, the picture is Lunchean of the boating Party, a famous Renoir 
First, my summary
Renoir was a pioneer of Impressionism, and after finishing Luncheon of the Boating Party, one of his famous paintings, he travelled to Italy.
He wanted to view the Renaissance art.
He realized that he didn’t know to paint or draw as well as those artists, so he started to change his style.
He his last period, he focused in the body’s form, not so much in the play of light.
He painted nudes, fat women, he dedicated to the body’s form.
Many people criticize his new paintings, saying that the undressed overweight people and his other works didn’t belong to good art and even excluding his last piece from exhibitions.
But maybe Renoir’s art could had influence on Picasso and other artists, and hadn’t the acknowledgment it deserved.
People bought his canvases and there were some expositions about his last epoch, which was controversial.
The last period of Renoir was dedicated to technique, his portraits weren’t very interesting in reality, he painted indoors and also he used members of his surroundings (his children, and the housekeeper) as models.
He decided to paint until the end of his life, even if he was in a wheelchair.
He dreamed that the beauty of his paintings could stay through the years, even if he weren’t there.
Now...
personal opinion
In my opinion, he could transform his method caused by many things in his private life.
His trip was a very important hit, he discovered the Renaissance art, and we changed from outdoors portraits to indoors ones, and wanted to draw with a good technique.
Additionally, he was a father, so he started to paint his surroundings.
In his last period, he had arthritis, and he preferred to walk instead of paint, because he was dedicated to his art, maybe he wanted to show the strong of a body, because he was losing it.
Showing his latest portraits is a good way to recognize that he was a good artist, and he could reinvent him, and inspired other ones with a new style.
Can you help me, please?
^^ Thank you so much for reading
It's me again! ¬w¬
^<^ Hi!
I was reading an article for an exposition, but there are some words that I can't understand, could you help me with their meanings?
[acid-stained deal-topped table] -> (?)
context -> "The chemical corner and the acid-stained deal-topped table....
The diagrams, the violin case, and the pipe rack.” Watson’s stuffy bedroom was one flight up, crammed with medical paraphernalia and case notes
Thank you very much!
:D
A short paragraph
Please, can you help me with these paragraphs?
O They are about an article whose title was "Forest Primeval". This is the "Personal Opinion" part.
In my opinion, it was a very interesting and unique discovery, because fossils are important to help us identify new details about ancient plants and animals.
A complete forest preserved in time is something that could transform our vision of that period, and it permits investigators to know what caused the decrease of some of those species.
I couldn’t agree more with the paleobotanist who believes we have a big opportunity to know how carbon dioxide affected the atmosphere 300 million years ago .
I’m all for investigations, but people who go there also have to be careful; they need to use correct protection.
A new week...
Hi!
I have already finished the magazine articles I had to read.
The last one was about lions, a little boring, but there were interesting details about them and their relation with people.
Well, tomorrow I am starting classes in a new faculty, because I had to choose a summer course, but it's a new place, new people, so I'm a bit worried.
Well, tomorrow I am starting classes in a new faculty, because I had to choose a summer course, I'm a bit worried about the new place and meeting new people.
Apart from that, I have to create an sketch with a friend. It's for an exposition; we are going to "act" Phineas Gage's article.
Appart from that, I have to create a sketch with a friend, which is for an exposition, we are going to "act" Phineas Gage's article.
Ok, maybe it can be funny.
So...
Let's hope for the best
Thanks for reading :)
...and I come back :D
Hi!
Yes, It's been a while since my last post, but I'm studying English again, now in Intermediate 5, and I need your help :,D
Oh, I don't know how to start the report; meanwhile I can tell you what I've been doing.
I'll get the results of my final exams tomorrow (well, some tomorrow, some next Wednesday) and I'm really nervous...
I really hope they're good...
I have some homework for tomorrow, an exposition...
and I have to learn Pascal!
(yeah, the computer language) 
That's a lot of work!
Please, could you help me with the report?
The world’s largest fossil wilderness
Riola and Vermilion Grove are coal mines in eastern Illionois.
It is very common to find fossils in mines, because coal is nothing but the decomposition of animals and plants, and they can leave their imprints on the material.
However, when the mine began to be investigated by John Nelson and Scott Elrick, more and more fossils were discovered, so they thought there wasn’t a coincidence and they called specialists.
They discovered something amazing: it was entirely a forest, which could have been buried because of an earthquake, conserved in time.
All the vegetation and the species are there, leaving a very complete panorama of what happened approximately 300 million years ago.
In that antique forest, there were lots of lycopsids, which were big scaly plants that looked like asparagus spears.
There were calamites and seed ferns as well, but not too many animal fossils.
Something really important about these fossil wilderness is that most of the species found there practically disappeared, and that could be caused by a change in that antique atmosphere.
It can help us to know how carbon dioxide could have affected the earth, and how can it affect us nowadays, when it increases because of the burning of fossil fuels.
Oh, I haven't corrected it, please forgive some silly mistakes ^^U
Now...
I believe that
maybe I can post it tomorrow.
Thanks for reading!
ANGELA -CHILE
hello, my name is angela carrasco
I'm from Santiago, Chile. 
help me!!
my English is very bad, i need to learn it, very fast, some ideas?
the other day
The other day some relatives came to visit us. After breakfast my parents and i went to pick them up from the hotel where they were staying and then we went to a lake near the city.It's about 2 hours from the city. We stayed for a while, and after a ride on a boat we went to eat in a restaurant in a town near the city. It took us about 3 hours to get there because of the traffic and some roadworks , but it was worth it. We ate something called “Birria”, which is basically meat of sheep in soup but it's very good .
After that we returned to the hotel's lobby to rest for a little while. When it was about 8 o'clock we went to a very famous bar in the city called “El Parian” where we drank some beer and talked. At around midnight we decided to leave, and we went back to the hotel but this time just to drop off and say goodbye to my cousins and uncles and we came home afterwards .
It was a very long day, but it was also kinda fun.
identidad
no es mucho pero, entonse,soi  una persona umilde  facil de entender  y  me  gusta los libros,cuentos,etc.....
si quieres  conoserme mejor  agrega mi msn..........
adalverto01@hotmail.
com
First trial
This is the first time I write a text in Lang-8.
I think this is an excel·lent opportunity to improve my english, and I hope I will be able to help others too, so they can improve their catalan or spanish.
Well, that's all for the first time.
Bye bye
Why do I love my city?
Hi, 
My name is Emilio and I'm trying (as many others are) to polish my english since it's far from perfect, there's still a lot of words that I don't understand, but this time I want to talk about my city, Tijuana.
My name is Emilio and I'm trying (like many others) to polish my English, since it's far from perfect. There's still a lot of words that I don't understand, but this time I want to talk about my city, Tijuana.
I know that most of you may have heard about it, unfortunately the news out there about Tijuana is not the best, it's true that there's violence here, but it's just like any other major city, we're not free from crime, but that doesn't make Tijuana the most dangerous place on earth, as many news reporters have tried to make us believe.  
I know that most of you may have heard about it. Unfortunately, the news about Tijuana is not the best. It's true that there's violence here, but it's just like any other major city, we're not an exception (not sure if I'm using this word the right way), but that doesn't make Tijuana the most dangerous place on earth, as many news reporters have tried to make us believe.
In fact, Tijuana is a city of innovation, of art, where many different cultures blend together and form a unique and different culture, rich and diverse.
On the other hand, Tijuana is a city of innovation and art, where many different cultures blend together and form a rich, unique, different and diverse culture.
I love my city and I invite you all to come down here and see for yourselves that you won't get kidnapped, robbed or killed the minute you step in, instead you'll find a very magical city.
I love my city and I invite you all to come down here and see for yourselves that you won't get kidnapped, robbed or killed the minute you arrive, instead you'll find a very magical city.
Tae Bo
Today i had so much fun in my house because i gave a Tae Bo class to my mother and my sister.
I am not an instructor but i know some basic steps and routines.
They say i could be a really good instructor, i think that would be really fun.
In my opinion, to usually make sports it's really good for your health.
Go and do something health!
Hi. I'm new here
The principal reason of why I'm interested in learning english is because my teachers are going to ask me to write papers in english soon.
I hope you can correct my writing and everything. i'd really like to learn how to write professionally, i mean with nice words =P
(how do you say goodbye nicely in letters on english?)
To chineese people
Hi!
I'm looking for chineese friends because i'm going next august to study in Shanghai, I´m very excited but also worried because i don't know what will i find there.
Hope someone can tell me wath should i expect.
I'm mexican =)
I need some advice please!
Hi!
I'm in need of some suggestions. 
What TV series in English could you recommend to me?
I want to watch American television to work to understand and work on the accent.
Have a good day :)
Bye weekend!
Today is Sunday.
Weekend ends :( I think this week would be a boring week.
Why?
The principal cause is that I have 3 exams so I have to study to have good grades!
I hope it won't be a long week!
Also I will miss my friend Dani because he lives in a different city than mine.
So lucky me!
:)
English classes
Today, I've started new English classes.
For this course I'll go to class with a native teacher, her name is Lesley.
She doesn't speak Spanish so I have to get used and try to entender her!
Apart of me, there are two more girls in the class.
I hope that I'm well in this class.
Have a nice day!
:)
loneliness 
It isn't easy to explain why you feel lonely but I think everybody has had that kind of feeling sometimes.
I don't know why i feel lonely when i have a great family, good friends, my hobbies, etc.
I think I have tried everything to feel good myself, although I have never experienced love! This is the problem, I think.
In my opinion love it's a important thing of your live although your friends say sometimes it's a shit they told me that they had a girlfriend and they couldn't do nothing that they like to do, despite of fact that i would try news experience like love!.
When I miss something for being happy it's when I'm in loneliness, it's terrible because you feel sad and very negative.
Loneliness it's silence as if you are a lonely gigant countrised ?? , sitting near a big tree while reading a book and waiting for someone, but night falls as the sun goes down, it's cold and you don't have anybody to warm you up.
The first part of loneliness it's good, but if loneliness extends longer, the night will be terrible, dark, shadowy, cold, so you feel lonely when it's night in the countryside.
Just as life is, definitely.
For my complete learning, I recorded my last post with your corrections, I hope you understand my bad pronunciation.
I'll appreciate your advice, in wich words do I have to practice more?
Thank you.
What other sounds do you remember?
It's interesting how sounds can bring memories back.
Thank you for listening.
Thank you for your advice.
Hi everybody. I´m studying english, so I need help with my homework. I speak Spanish very well, if you have problems I can help you too. Thanks!!
Dear mom:
I´m very happy because last week I arrived to Colombia.
This country has many beautiful places to visit and the people are too polite and very kind.
Last night at the airport I lost my backpack so I was very nervous and stressed.
Suddenly a police officer gave my backpack to me with everything still inside.
I said to him "Thanks a lot, this is very important to me" and he answered "Don´t worry, it´s my job and I like to help people who have problems with their possessions".
Let me talk about Colombia: this country is located in South America. Colombia is bordered by Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, the Caribbean Sea, Panama, and the Pacific Ocean to the West.
With a population of nearly 45 million people, Colombia has the 29th largest population in the world and has the third largest Spanish-speaking population in the world after Mexico and the United States.
Weather is predominantly tropical and sometimes it is very hot, like some of the beaches in Mexico.
Colombia is divided into 32 departments and one capital district, which is treated as a department (Bogotá also serves as the capital of the department of Cundinamarca).
Departments are subdivided into municipalities.
Now I´m visiting Bogotá. Written this way it indicates that you were visiting another area when you wrote the first portion; like if you were keeping a travel journal and started a new day. If that is not the case you would say "I'm now visiting Bogotá"
Like Mexico city, this city has a lot of colonial buildings and beautiful streets with French influence.
It was too funny for me, but in Bogotá there is a zone called "La zona rosa".
This area is particularly famous for restaurants and clubs.
The nightlife here is perhaps the liveliest in Bogotá.
During the day, people come to shop, and at night they come to eat, dance and have fun.
Too similar like Mexico City.
Today I met a tour guide called Juan Santos, he lives here and he promised to show me more about the history and culture of this great country.
I miss you mom, next week I´ll send you some pictures of my travel.
Bye!!
my hobbies
I love books, films and music.
I like adventure books and almost all films, my favourite plan is an evening at the cinema. I really like going to concerts and listening to music too.
I like adventure books and almost all movies. My favourite thing to do with friends is an evening at the movie theater. I really like going to concerts and listening to music, too. Or, "I love going to concerts..."
The book is a better invention than the internet.
In the 70s the Internet was invented.
It was a big invention and it changed the life of many people.
Books are very old and they are a good invention too.
The Internet has a lot of advantages, you can access a lot of information and on the Internet you can read books too.
However there are disadvantages, for example, if you spend a lot of time on the Internet it is dangerous.
On the other hand I think that books have advantages too, like that you can read a book whenever you want and it is very funny and beneficial.
On the other hand, I think that books have advantages too. For example, you can read a book whenever you want and it is very fun and beneficial.
I think that books don't have any disadvantages.
I don't think that books have any disadvantages.
On balance I think that both inventions are good but the Internet has got more advantages.
All in all, I think that both inventions are good but the Internet has more advantages.
hi...
This is my first night to try using it. 
i need someone to help me!!
I need someone to help me!!
:P 
Sing
tell you the truth I do not live in a ghetto drug dealers on the corners that have the points as an amulet cinchonism rock plants in the garden are also thirteen year old kids smoke dope as in any neighborhood but believe ghost that extraordinary to have money I have seen lads my age running to the cops messing
My first writing
Last week I was surfing on the internet to look for a web site that can help me improve my English, when I found this web,immediately I investigated the site.
the way to learn English here is awesome, it´s simply a great idea, You can both learn and teach in this site.
I want to speak fluent English, and I´m sure that Lang-8 community will help me to realize that goal.
Thanks for the attention.
Sunny day
Yesterday I was in a vacational centre, it was terrific!
there was many pools, some bigger than the other ones, I was almost all time in the biggest centre´s pool, I enjoyed a lot!.
I had a hard week, so I was too tired, thanks to the outing I can rest, I needed!.
The weather was fairly strange, first when I arrive to the resort was raining, nonetheless I got heat!, later the sun showed up, so the wether got more hot!, I have to put me on sunscreen to care my skin, that was usefull because I avoided burn my skin.
undoubtedly was a great sunny day!!
Pursuit of a dream
Today I learned that my university has an agreement with an Australian university. That´s awesome because I really want to study abroad, but there is a problem: I have to speak fluent English.
I've decided that I have to improve my english, because that´s the only way to make my dream come true...
study abroad!!!!
Can you can give me some tips? Anything that can help me to improve my English would be helpful.
Crazy thoughts
This is text i've written in order to test my formal english.
I'd really thank if you help me by correcting the bad expressions, just be careful and try not to confuse me.
This is neither the real text nor the complete one.
I'm writing it in fragments and modifying it, of course.
We're usually doing different things not to think about one single topic.
Can you figure someone thinking about only one theme?
For sure that person is probably going crazy.
But we don't have to deal hard with this, because the current time have a great arsenal of items that get us out of the actual world.
But, wait, because I haven't said that that necessary has to be an advantage.
Is an advantage if we look at it from the point of the practicity.
Everything is easier nowadays, we have access to a lot of info that people in the past didn't have.
That's probably the real essence of the inventions of men since immemorable times.
However, there's something that I cannot trust yet, and it's these studies that have come out about the rate of intelligence and it says that people from the present time have a higher intelligence rate.
But, what about the great scientifics from the 15th 17th 18th, and so on?
are we by chance smarter than then?
hell no!
As far as I'm concerned, I don't find practicity good tool, since it feeds our lazyness.
The people from the past didn't enjoy the Internet and maybe nice and organized libraries as we have now, it was harder for them to find anything they needed.
I cannot imagine Newton searching for the Aristotle or Da Vinci's life and works, pressing, maybe, ctrl+f so that he could find the key word on "Metaphysics".
That's what makes me think they, the first scientifics, deserve more merit than any others, they had to make a REAL research, book by book, page by page, experiment after experiment.
Practicing "such a / so" and causative
She is such a pretty girl
He's so fat
Maria has such a black tooth
We are so late
We have worked so hard today
She gets her tv fixed
She has her food cooked everyday
Her children are brought to school every day in the morning by her brother
He did his homework
She buys her lunch
Enlgish Califications
My school has two levels of English, begginer and advance.
I know that my English is poor, but i decided to take the advanced level this year.
I took the first set of exams of the year last week.
My last exam was English.
It had to be "easy" because it was the first exam.
I studied for hours because I wanted to get a good grade it.
I was studing until 2 am, so the day of the exam i was tired D: 
But all the hours that I studied gave good results.
I got a score of 94/100 ;D
I really want to speak English like a native person and I want to get international English certificates.
Therefore, I´m looking for people who can help me to improve my English skills.
Also if you are studing Spanish or want to learn it, i can help you (:
Let´s study together ^^
Hello :D
This is my first time writting here :D I´m nervous because my English is poor :( but I wish you can help me to improve it (:
This is my first time writing here :D I am nervious because my english is poor :( but i wish you can help me improve it (:
I´m looking for people who can practice with me and share our cultures, traditions, views, and obviously, languages :)
add me on msn: eikeron@hotmail.
com
or Skype: eikeron.
j
If you need help improving your spanish skill I can help you.
If you need to improve your Spanish I can help you.
So, please correct my text.
So, please correct my text.
Bye (:
Carolina
Hi!
My name is Carolina. I want to meet people and improve my English.
Hello everybody!!!!
Hi, I'm Sofia Eliet. I'm learning the Korean language because I want to go to Korea in 2 years,  but first I have to go to E.
U.
to learn how to speak English well.
I speak Spanish.
let's be friends.
Hello!
I'm fine now.
but     today I  was sick all the day,  I had fever...
Oh,  yes,  I  have time in the mornings, Mexico time not Korean time, ok?
Here is Sunday 8:10 p.m. while in korea is  10:10   a.m.  of Monday, I know korean time.
Me too  I wanna talk to you,  maybe one day.
You wanna know when Year and Date I was born??
it is easy as you can see: name, year, month and day    eliet 880918 , ok?
if not  here is September 18, 1988.
hehe, What about you?
I want to Know too  , tell me.
you have brothers or sisters?
or you are the  only one?
have a beatiful day, friend!
My Tattoo
I love Japanese culturetheir customs, their food, their way of being polite, culture and education.
When my twin girls were born I made a promise. I promised to tattoo their names on my left arm, close to my heart and I would do it in Japanese writing.
Now my girls are seven years old and so are my tattoos .
The Beach
but very late, se você quis dizer "mas bem tarde"
My other language
My other language
In Spain, Spanish is the official language but there is also Galician, Basque and Catalan. These three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country .I have the chance to speak all 3 of them. As for Catalan, it is a romance language derived from Latin and is spoken in Catalonia. Levante is in the area of Valencia, the Balearic Islands, Andorra is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France, and some in an Italian city called Alghero, is the 75 most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak.
In Spain, Spanish is the official language but also spoken are languages such as Galician, Basque and Catalan. These three languages are spoken in specific regions throughout the country. I have the chance to speak some them such as Catalan, which is a Romance language derived from Latin, and is spoken in Catalonia, Levante in the area called Valencia, in the Balearic Islands, in Andorra which is a small country in the Pyrenees, southern France, and some in the Italian city called Alghero speak Catalan. It is the 75th most widely spoken language in the world and I am very proud to speak it.
I leave a picture-speaking areas, and if you want a little more information about this language I will leave the link.
I leave a picture of these areas, and if you want more information about this language I leave the link.
The human towers
The human tower or Castellers is a tradition typical in many regions of Catalonia, consisting in the building of human towers of up to several stories high. They can reach nine or ten stories high, in a castell involving a large group of men and women of all ages and physical builds who train year-round for competitions and performances, the towers are built while the music plays and the merit lies in downloading as some towers fall without being completed.
 Fraternal Twins
I have two girls aged 7 ½ years, one is called Ariadna and the other is called Laia and both are my princesses.
They are fraternal twins, do you know what the difference is between, identical and fraternal.
The identical twins come from one single ovum , the same placenta and have the same DNA, and they are physically identical. Fraternal twins come from two different ovum and do not look alike physically,and they share 50 % of the DNA as two normal sisters would.
That things would change
If you could take a step back in your life and change things, would you change? For example what would have happened if you had not left that relationship with that boyfriend or girlfriend, or what would have happened if you had completed those studies, or if he had accepted or rejected your work, what if you made that decision that would have been the opposite, of what you regret.
Any decision that you make changes your life, but you have to run the risk, I will continue thinking about it, good-bye
Barcelona part 1
Barcelona is a beautiful city by the Mediterranean Sea. It has a good climate, not too cold in the winter about 10 degrees C º on average and not too hot in summer on average 28 º C, but it can become very humid, making it hotter.
This winter was impressively snowy, following more than 40 years of little snow, but the city was beautiful.
The Movie
The other day I went to the cinema to see Eclipse. I will not tell the end of the movie, but it was a beautiful story about the love of three young people. Lately I just go to the movies with my daughters to see animated movies. I like to see them both happy!
La Diada ( The Catalonian Day )
Today is the National Day of Catalonia. It is the day that commemorates the fall and assault of Barcelona for the Spanish Bourbon troops on September 11, 1914 after a 14-month siege. In 1980 the day was declared a public holiday and is called Diada de Catalunya. Many celebrations are held throughout the city and one of those sites is on el fossar de les moreres. It is a square near the Basilica of Santa Maria, in which they buried all Catalans killed in combat during the siege of the city. There, you can see a flame that reminds us always on the fallen Catalans or the statue of Rafael de Casanova, councilor of the city during the siege and who was wounded in combat.
The legend of Saint George part-1
The Legend of Saint George part-1
There once was a dragon that lived in a lake near a small town. The population was terrified of it, and to prevent anger, the locals gave him two sheep every day. But they ran out of sheep so the dragon threatened to attack the whole town.
There once was a dragon that lived in a lake near a small town. The population was terrified of it, and to prevent provoking the dragon's anger the locals gave him two sheep every day. However, the day came when they ran out of sheep. The dragon then threatened to attack the whole town.
Advertising slogans 
Advertising slogans are short and snappy phrases frequently used in advertising campaigns.
Advertising slogans are short phrases that stick in your mind that are used frequently in advertising campaigns.
It is the most effective way of calling attention to a product with a phrase or a word that has staying power in your memory and that will relat you always to this product.
Infinity of these phrases is to have if these you are known.
Think Different  by Apple.
Always CocaCola  or  Enjoy CocaCola.
Just do it  by Nike.
Nothing is impossible by Adidas.
Life's good  LG.
Move your mind by Saab.
The quality attraction by Toyota.
I'm lovin 'it McDonalds.
It keeps going and going and going.
It Keeps Going and going and going by Energizer batteries.
The power of dreams by Honda.
Probably the best lager in the world by Carlsberg
And so on and so on.
One of Opera
Today I would like to talk about an opera by Umberto Giordano called Andrea Chenier. It is the story of a French poet and his lover during the French Revolution. Chenier had been sentenced to the guillotine by Robespierre, and was in prison while awaiting his death. His girlfriend Magdalena arranges a meeting with her lover, helped by Gérard, his friend, who gives one last try to save Chénier.
The lovers meet and Magdalena, incapable of living without their love, bribed a guard to replace her with a woman condemned to die the next day. When the time comes Magdalena and Andrea ascend together to the guillotine .-...
This is the link to the fourth act, the final act, performed by Maria Callas. If you like opera, you will love it, and if you do not like opera, also, listen to the end. Thanks.
Barcelona - 2
Barcelona has some of the most famous monuments by Gaudi, The Sagrada Familia, Park Guell, Casa Batllo, La Pedrera, Casa Vicens, but there are also Las Ramblas, The Port, The Camp Nou, Museums, The Liceo Opera, etc etc. It is impossible to be bored.
Turandot (Nessun dorma)
This song is from an opera by Giacomo Puccini called Turandot. One of the most beautiful arias is "Nessun Dorma," which means that no one sleeps. It is well known, so you have probably heard it before. I hope you like it. 
Story: Turandot, the former princess of Beijing, will marry the prince who can answer three riddles that she asks; if the suitors' responses are incorrect, they will be beheaded.
The disguised Prince Calaf loves Turandot and manages to correctly answer the riddles, but he gives her the possibility to avoid marrying him: if she can find out what his name is by the next day, he will die.
Turandot proclaims that no one in the city will sleep that night and orders that everyone be killed if the unknown stranger's name is not discovered.
Liu, who loves Calaf, confesses that only she knows the name, but she never reveals it and is sentenced to death.
Calaf declares his love for the princess, but she asks him to leave. He refuses to and confesses his name.
Turandot is touched by Calaf's sincerity and love and proclaims that the name of the unknown is love.
6 Degrees of separation
Today I'm writing after several days, although I felt a little discouraged. I don't get the whole "discouraged" part.
The "Six degrees of separation" is a theory which tries to prove the saying, "the world is small." In other words, it posits that any person in the world is connected to any another person through a chain of six acquaintances (connecting two people with only six links of acquaintance). This means that I am related to anyone in the world through only six people, including Uma Thurman Huau.
Six_degrees_of_separation
General Strike
Today there is a general strike in Spain.
Before the crisis that exists here, (the crisis is global but in Spain is affected a lot) the government took a series of measures to try to reactivate the economy, lower the public deficit and create jobs. Spain has more than 4 ½ million unemployed; I am one of them.
But these measures have been so hard for workers, the unions agreed to a strike against these measures.
These measures will not affect the ministers, poor things, they make very little money.
The most famous movie phrases
I love the movies, I cannot go whenever I want, but I try to watch movies as much as possible. There are great movies and some phrases that come to mind just from saying the title of the film, such as 
Play It Again Sam or We'll always have Paris.
in Casablanca
I'm king of the World in Titanic
My name is Bond, James Bond in 007
May the Force be with you in Stars Wars
Are you talking to me?
in Taxi Driver
Houston we got a problem in Apollo XIII
Hasta la vista Baby in Terminator
I'm giving very serious thought to eating your wife in The silence of the lambs.
and the list goes on, and you remember that movie phrases
The best chef in the world
The French cuisine has always been the best in the world and has always been a reference for cooks, There isn't a good cook who leaves kitchen school without learning the basics of French cuisine from the lists of the best chefs in the world . There are French cooks, but in recent years the Spanish chefs dominate the global cuisine. One of the highlights is, Ferran Adria has been nominated during the last years as the best chef in the world according to the Michelin guide, and has received numerous awards, and has been home of the world's best magazines.
This past year, four out of the ten best cooks in the world were Spanish. Ferran Adria lost the top spot this year, but the winner was the Danish René Redzepi, who was learning in the kitchen of Ferran Adria.
The Biorhythms
The biorhythms are natural cycles of energy, when we are born our energy is stable but as time passes, the energy goes through high and low periods
The periods refer to three aspects. The physical, with periods of 23 days, half of them 11 1/2 are of high energy and the other 11 1 / 2 are low energy. The emotional aspect, with periods of 28 days of which 14 have high emotional energy and 14 low energy. And the intellectual aspect, which lasts 33 days of which 16 1 / 2 high energy The ideal is to have the three aspects at the highest levels at the same time, but often this is not so.I hope your biorhythms are high.
For more information.
Blood and meal
The blood bank of Catalonia, has taken an initiative in which blood donors will receive a menu of four appetizers , cooked by the best cooks of Catalonia, including the world's best chef Ferran Adria, instead of the typical snacks they have offered. This is a good idea which should attract many more donors.
The dead languages.
The dead languages
They are called dead languages because nobody speaks to each other in it or it is not the mother language of anylanguage.
There are many languages and dialects that were spoken in small communities and that have been eliminated because of wars, genocides or epidemics, or they have simply disappeared because they have been absorbed by dominant languages.
There are many languages or dialects that were spoken in small communities and that have eliminated because of wars, epidemics, or simply have disappeared because they have been absorbed by dominant languages.
Between the dead languages known, Latin is even used in religious acts or in technical terms , the ancient Greek, Sanskrit, ancient Aramaic and so a long list.
The Esperanto is a language created in 1887 by a Polish ophthalmologist called Doctor Zamenhof and he spoke nine languages. He tried turning it into the international and world language but It does not prosper and the English has turned into the language into the one that almost all the countries of the world can understand.
World Alzheimer's Day
Today I can not think of any topic of which to write, the muses have left me. Here in Spain it is said, 'I have remained in white' when your mind is blocked and you cannot think and can not react .
Today I cannot think of anything to write about. The muses have abandoned me. Here in Spain we say, "I have remained in white," which is when your mind is blocked and you cannot think or react .
The muses were the Greek goddesses who were inspiring to the writers, the painters, the musicians, the poets but these have never been by my side.
The muses were the Greek goddesses who provided inspiration to writers, painters, musicians and poets, but they have never been by my side.
Today it is world Alzheimer's day. It is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait to find a medicine to treat it.
Today it is the world day of the Alzheimer is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait that finds a medicament to treat it.Today it is the world day of the Alzheimer is very hard it is to have a family member with this disease, I wait that finds a medicament to treat it.Today is Alzheimer's day. It is very hard having a family member with this disease. I wait to find medicine to treat it.
Today it is World Alzheimer's Day. It is very hard to see a family member struggling with this disease. I hope that a cure is found soon.
Today is World Alzheimers Day. It is very hard to have a family member with this disease; the world is still waiting for a cure.
Laughter, Kissing and Hugging are free.
Laughter increases the levels of endorphins in our bodies, which are natural pain killers.
It is one of the finest, most economical and easy anti-stress measures.
Laughter is one of the best muscle relaxants, it expands blood vessels and sends more blood to the extremities and other muscles all over the body.
It is good for depression, anxiety, the heart and fifteen facial muscles contract including the lips and some of the stomach.
Kissing stimulates the secretion of various hormones that act as painkillers and strengthen our immune defenses.
It also stimulates the release of endorphins. It's good for anxiety, depression, sadness and discouragement.
Hugging is a great medicine.
It transfers energy, and gives the person who is embraced, emotions. Sometimes we do not find the right words to express what we feel, so the hug is the best way to express that. Hugs also make us feel good, are used to relieve pain , depression and anxiety, makes us feel safe and secure and give us confidence.
And they are free because so scarce.
Celebrations in Barcelona 
Today is a festival in Barcelona. Today celebrates La Merce. The Virgin of Merce is the patron saint of Barcelona and for a few days a series of events across the city are held, including musical performances, human castles, fireworks, giant, performances, sports and more ,and that is why Barcelona is so beautiful with or without parties but the celebrations are precious.
The butterfly effect
Its name comes from the metaphorical concept that the flapping of a butterfly can be felt in another part of the world or that "the simple flapping of a butterfly can cause a tsunami elsewhere in the world". This concept can change our lives. For example, if the Dow Jones falls in New York, there will be a lower Nikkei index in Tokyo and Madrid will start sinking. This happens in all aspects of life, one small decision we make will influence the rest of our lives. I advise you to see the movie (The butterfly effect)
Its name comes from the metaphorical concept that the flapping of a butterfly's wings can cause a tsunami elsewhere in the world. This concept can change our lives, for example, if the Dow Jones Industrial Average falls in New York, the Nikkei index in Tokyo and Madrid will fall as well. This happens in all aspects of life; one small decision we make can influence the rest of our lives. I advise you to see the movie (The Butterfly Effect). You would probably want to name the index in Madrid; I can't correct it properly since I don't know what it's called.
In which country would you like to live
Do you know the Spanish television program that is called "Spanish in the World"?
There is a program on Spanish television that is called "Spanish in the World".
I like it very much because they speak about the Spanish, who for a few motives or others have left their country and had to begin their lives in other countries of the world.
I like it very much because he speaks about the Spanish, who for some reason or another, have left their country and have had to begin new lives in other countries of the world.
Some because they were studying in these countries and they have remained living there, others because they have known a partner who was from this country and others because they have given a new course to their lives or have some business.
Some left because they were studying in these countries and they decided to stay, others because their partner is from this country and others because they have followed a new course in their lives or have to for business.
Often I myself ,"if I were to start a new life in a country of the world what country would it be?
Often I have asked myself, if I were to start a new life in another country of the world, what country would it be?
There are many countries in which i would like to live. For example, Japan, the USA, some African country,or some European country. And i I have never been to any of them, but I like this form of life.
There are many countries in which I like to live: Japan, the USA, some African country, some European country, which I have never been to any of them but I like this way of living.
And your if you had to begin a new life somewhere, in which country would you like to go to?
The holidays
Hello. I've been on vacation and could not write anything for 15 days. I was in a beach village near Barcelona, but when you're on holiday it seems that time passes more and more quickly. Now I'm back in the everyday routine.
Yesterday
Yesterday I went to the zoo with my daughters. It was very hot, but we had fun. I feel sorry for some of the animals.They didn't have much space and the heat is going crazy. See you later.
Yesterday I went to the zoo with my daughters. It was very hot but we had fun. But I felt sorry for some of the animals; they were locked in small spaces, and with this heat they were going crazy. See you!
The Party-La fiesta
On the 7 th of Ｊuly is the fest of the patron or saint or the city, and the party is enormous, the people come from over the world, from Australia, to England, New Zeland, in The U.
July 7th is the festival of the patron saint of the city, and the party is enormous. People come from all over the world, from Australia, to England, even New Zeland. In The U.
S is well known and brings many people to the city.The writer, Ernest Hemingway, was a fan of this event, in which at 8am, 6 bulls run in the city for two kilometers, ending in the Plaza de toros. The most daring people run ahead of the bulls, then party all day until the hour of the corrida and then more partying until the next day. It lasts for a week. It is dangerous but very very funny.
I copied Terminator 4 I'll be back baby!!!
Marcus Wright: I know you.
I heard your voice on the radio.
You’re John Connor.
John Connor: Of course you know me.
You were sent here to kill me.
Kill the leadership.
Marcus Wright: I don’t know what you are talking about.
John: Then, why are you here?
Marcus Wright: Blair said you could help me find who I’m looking for.
Now let me down.
John: If I let you down, you’ll kill everyone in this room.
Marcus Wright: I didn’t even know your name till two days ago.
John: No.
You and me.
We’ve been at war since before either of us even existed.
You tried killing my mother, Sarah Connor.
You killed my father, Kyle Reese.
You will not kill me.
My First Journal Entry.
Hello I'm from Bucaramanga, Colombia.
Many people say bad things about my country, but Colombia is a beautiful place to live.

The people here are so kind and happy, and everybody works hard to make Colombia a better place.
an ordinary day
Today I'm fine thank God, I get up and ate a cup of corn flakes, i had hungry in the morning it´s rarely, because i eat breakfast more late, but i feel great after to eat :P.
Now I'm working in a project, but i had a time to write here in lang-8.
here I write some sentences I learned of korean ^^
여자아이가  밥을  먹어요 this is  The girl is eating RICE?
남자가  책을  읽어요   this is The man is reading
여자가  물울  마셔요  this is The women is drinking water
I don´t know much but i'm learning lowly 
see you!
My first entry
Hello!
I'm Deysi, I'm from Mexico.
i want to learn english and korean, although my english is very bad i hope improve, my korean class are autodidacts hahah i am learning in http://www.talktomeinkorean.com/ and http://aprenspan.blogspot.com/
I don't know how to write more than this. jajaja
greetings!
Entry number 2
Hello everyone!
Today, I'm a little sick :( but i want to say us because i want to learn korean.
Today, I'm a little sick :( but i want to say us because i want to learn korean.
Today, I'm a little sick :( but I want to talk with you because i wish to learn korean.
Recently, i began to watch K-dramas ^^, after that i listened to K-pop and i liked it all hahah, well really i don´t listen to it all but i should like to know to talk, to listen, to write, to read korean for.
Do few time, i began to watch K-dramas ^^, since them i listened K-pop and i liked all hahah, well really i don´t listen all but i should like to know to talk, to listen, to write, to read korean for i can understand it.
For now I only know to say "Hello" 안녕하세요, "Thank you" 감사합니다, "Goodbye"  안녕히가세요 or 안녕히계세요, "I agree" 네 and "I disagree" 아니오.
Hellooo!
Hi guys and girls!
I'm Eva and I'm from Spain.
Currently, I'm studing at a university in the Balearic Islands, and I want to improve my english.
I've been studying it since I was six, but in recent years, I haven't been able to practice it.
I hope you can help me with my english, and I can help you with your spanish or catalan.
Nintendo
This is the logo of Nintendo...
The most amazing and professional videogame development company in the world.
For thos who doesn't know this company(just a little number of people, I guess) I put some names here:
Shigeru Miyamoto:
I guess that everybody knows him.
Whitout him, the videogame world can't be the same.
But, just to refresh your memories I will show you some of his games:
-All of The Legend of Zelda games, he was in diferent positions in the development team but he made the Zelda spirit.
-Mario's...
all of them.
-Donkey Kong...
and a lot more, like every game of Nintendo, not like a chief but, yes, he was (for our happiness) right there in the supervision.
And, just to finish about Miyamoto-san I want to say that he's my idol, and I wanna be like him.
And, for me, he build the videogame world just like we know actually.
And beside, I respect Nollan Bushnell and other important persons for this world.
But there are not tow persons like Miyamoto-san.
-Koji Kondo: The best compositor for videogames ever.
He has made the Zelda's music, Mario's music and a lot of Nintendo games too.
His compositions can be heard by hours and hours, actually the music in Nintendo games need an external soundtrack disc to enjoy it.
There are no space to write them all so, I'm sorry:
-Gunpei Yokoi
-Eiji Aonuma
-Satoru Iwata
-Masahiro Sakudai (recently has abandoned the company)
-And a lot more but, again, there are no space to put them all, and for you guys that do not appear here: I want you to know that Nintendo can't be the same without you.
Without your passion.
I will be there too soon.
I believe that, for a lot of things, we owe this actual videogame world to Nintendo.
I think this is very    
tawdry but I wrote it when I was younger so...
Don't judge me XD
How?
How can I know if I need to correct my english without thinking?
Hi! Is there anyone who can help me with my English?
Hi, could anyone help me with my English?
This is Alex,39, from Madrid, Spain, and I´m trying to improve my level of English towards advanced-level proficency, so I would be very grateful if anyone could help me by correcting sharply my writing and way of expressing myself in this language, through some paragraphs and texts written and spoken by me.
This is Alex, 39, from Madrid, Spain. I'm trying to improve my level of English to achieve advanced proficiency. Therefore I would be very grateful if anyone could help me by correcting my writing and way of expressing myself in this language.
Thanks a lot in advance,
Alejandro.
Problems with my essay writing
16th August 2010
Dear readers and referees,
My main problem whenever I want to make a report about something is to progress from main ideas into either a text, essay or whatever in a pre-estableshed way of writing , due to my lack of a proper background of writing, in part, because I haven´t been taught how to write at college and later on, even though I have been studying English grammar during my whole academic life, which is not a short time. But I feel that I haven´t had the chance to speak in a standard and normal way with English people in the street, even having been living for almost three years in the UK.
What did I use to look like in the past? and What do I look like presently?
REPORT OF OPINION-COLUMNIST                      4th September 2010
What did I use to look like in the past?
and What do I look like presently?
For different reasons human being nowadays tries answering both questions to itself in order to look for either a better picture or image of itself to cope with a feeling of non-satisfaction and unhappyness that I think human being has always been involved with, especially during the present, in which everyone has to be slim, tall, nice, smart and handsome for a very competitive world not only for being a skillful professional in your career, but looking like very beautiful and handsome and attractive to others.
We could likely answer that we used to look like uglier, and less smart and handsome than now, and probably with longer hair, and definitely less intelligent and experienced in life; but of course, we would always like and expect of ourselves to look like more beautiful and  brilliant in any aspect of our lives.
It is supposed and it has been part of our lives that evolution works very deep inside of us and as the time goes by, we strongly live many different experiences that help us to be like the way of being we are and look like the appearance we do, throughout the different social events and trends, and we would have ever probably thought to be going through those thoughts  and way of seeing life which is part of the moment, the year and the Century we are in.
So the best conclusion we can get on this report about what we look like now and what we had ever wanted to look like if we would have ever been asked for the next future, in the past is that we had better answer, the person should care about many important things other than the appearance we used to have in the past, and the one we have nowadays, because it is just a matter of an overall of events we are living in, and the result (overcome) of an evolution in our lives, and the most important thing is taking into account  “the person”  we are which is supposed to be our wealth, and let´s be authentic  and non-superficial, Shall we?
Alex.
Personal Presentation
Hello Everyone,
My name is Victor, I´m 32 years old, born in Colombia and I like to learn English with you.
Regards.
i´m sweety girl
a deep phrase ?
n_n
I think I love someone
love..!
live, laugh, love, eat cake..
it´s marvelous for all
José Enrique Rodó part 1
This will be my first entry in English.
I started to take classes, so I can correct all the mistakes that I have for self-studying.
Now I taking classes of Uruguayan Literature.
In this moment, I´m reading a lot about José Enrique Rodó, an Uruguayan writer.
So I will try to talk about him a little to practice my English.
José Enrique Rodó was an important essayist of Latin America Modern literature period in his time.
His work unified the minds of unified the mind of his peers, steering them in a single direction. 
Latin America must not follow more European images of literature; rather it must write about literature about itself and each Latin country must develop a distinctive literary tradition that reflects its development as a nation.
At the time, a lot of writers chose European scenarios for their stories, so no writer expressed the Latin American people’s voice.
During this time most of the Latin American countries were celebrating the 100th anniversary of their independence.
I have to make a conversation
I have to make a coversation for my english class
I live in... Ibiza. 
I live in Ibiza, Spain.
Do you know were Ibiza is?
I know a lot of people who doesn't know were it is, maybe because it's a little island and isn't as important as Barcelona or Madrid, but Ibiza is such a beautiful place.
I'm very happy to live here.
In summer there are lots of foreigners, mostly English, German and Italian, and I meet new friends all around the world.
It makes me so happy!
But although Ibiza has got beautiful beaches and a lot of culture, Ibiza is also known for its parties, Pacha and alcohol.
It's something that makes me angry.
Well, it's their problem to miss something as precious as Ibiza's beaches :)
I have an English test this weekend
I have an English test this weekend
I hope you can help me with this.
This Sunday (really) I will have to take an English test, given by the government.
This sunday (really) I will have an English test, given by the government.
As you can see, I should improve my ability, because there will be scholarships for people who improve their English.
As you can see, I should improve my level, because there will be scholarships, to keep improving in the English language.
The test is called TOEIC, and it is specially for workers who wish to apply for jobs abroad.
The test is called TOEIC, and it is special for workers whom wish to apply to jobs abroad.
Thanks, I really appreciate your help, because I need to keep going with my studies.
And I guess that the more I help correct others, the more others can correct me.
I think I will keep posting here.
Maybe a lot.
Maybe a lot.
thanks.
Oscar
There is a visitor in my house
The last night a foreign person, from the United States, came to my house.
Last night a foreign person from the United States came to my house.
We chatted a lot.
He told me about his long travels through Asia, Europe, and other places.
Once, in Paris, he was crawling in caves under the city.
It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still.
It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still. It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still. It was a very secret catacomb, where there are still.
It was a very secret catacomb, where it remains now.
He is still here doing tourist travels around my area.
Thanks for the former corrections.
It is getting addictive.
About me.
Dear friends.
I am Oscar Daniel
and my two last names are Encalada Maturana.
I used my two not so used names here, Daniel Maturana,  but here I am presenting you my common names.
Since two years, I'm on an online site called Couch surfing.
In spanish, it is like:  Navegando en los Sofás.
And I have enjoyed it so much.
Here in my house we have accepted many tourists that have travelled around my city.
And fortunatelly, when me or my parents have traveled, other couchsurfers have hosted us.
Probably you could like it too.
If you could get an invitation, it means that you would like to meet others people.
Not just to host them in your house, but also to share a coffee or drink, or meet them to take a walk around, or just to met someone when you dont know anyone in the place you visit.
It is not allowed to Ask for Dates on that site.
I like it too much, and now I am just informing you, and at the same time asking for corrections.
See you, and thanks.
Oscar Daniel.
One of the motto of that site is:  An stranger is just a friend you have not met jet.
Do you want more information?
Just ask me.
You can check some pictures at: 
This is going to be addictive.
Wow, this is going to be addictive.
I will try to check more Spanish exercises and at the same time, express my self with comments and stuff.
I remember I signed up for lang-8 a long time ago.
But I had problems understanding it or I don't know the reason.
So,  I am a newbie.
Now, probably because of my real need to improve my English, I am enjoying writing and being corrected, and also checking and feeling like a teacher, correcting other friends.
Thank you very much for your good will; to check my mistakes and hopefully in the future 'my teachers' (correctors, internet- friends) could feel that their effort has paid off.
(I feel that I need one more word here).
See you then.
Oscar Daniel
Pawn stars
Yo estoy estudiando para trabajar en Pawn Stars Las vegas, o tambien conocido en History Channel: El precio de la historia, espero tener suerte con mi ingles!
Back in Los Andes
Hello, i'm back in Los Andes....
I don't know if I had told you that I was in Viña del mar.
It is called "La Ciudad Bella" in Chile here, because it consists of beaches and it is a major tourist attraction (:
I seized the opportunity to spend a week there, because on march I have to get back to school LOL, that's not good news...
But well, I need to study (:
I was there with my siblings, parents, brother in law, my niece and my sister's dog LOL.
I bought a book of Chilean slang expressions lol, it's really fun because you can also learn more about English...
so entertaining...
Hope you all are doing well!
GOOD LUCK!
An exhausted day but, pretty cool as well :D!
Hello everyone, It's felipe typing a few words ahaha (:
Once upon a time...
LOL Nah (:
Well, today was a very tiring day because my niece named Amanda arrived at my home. She's 1 year old so she's gradually learning how to walk. My back is really hurting because I have to duck to get the same height as her (: but, I love her a lot, she's a cutie pie.
Yesterday I had a conference with Omar.
I have known here by this network...
He has been a really good buddy :), because he helped me with my English and I really appreciate what he does...
He is very patient.
Yesterday I also talked with Zoe and I saw her by camera on Skype so we talked a little bit...
Omar and Zoe are great people (: Many thanks for everything :) You deserve the best
Well, In the first week of February, I will travel to the beach. Even though I don't like to go there, I'm so excited for traveling to Viña del Mar.
I think I have written a lot...
so, That's all for today (:
Thanks for everything Lang-8's people!
Bye.
Thanks for everything
LOL, thanks I really think that this is an amazing website...
when you can be in touch with a lot of people around the world, it's awesome I really want to say thanks to Zobear...
because She was the one who told me that this website exists.
thanks mari and mon for correcting me when i was wrong :D!
What I have done today in Santiago, Chile 
Yesterday and today have been fabulous!...
I've had a really great time here
A lot of swimming , going shopping, having ice-cream and window shopping (:
I'm really tired now...
I have walked a lot. I went downtown and to my sister's house (:
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING!
Back in los andes
Yesterday night, I arrived in Los Andes, my native city.
I was in Santiago city having a great time.
I went to the swimming pool with my cousin and my brother, we played there like childrens.
I ate everything...
the donuts were amazing.
I really like Santiago a lot!
I didn't meet with my "friend" in Santiago.
She couldn't go, but I don't know why...
Well, Thanks for everything again
Chaito :D!
Hi. I would like to introduce myself.
Well my name's felipe Calderon, I'm from chile, Los andes, and I've been studying english since a few years ago...
My name's Felipe Calderon. I'm from Chile, Los Andes, and I've been studying English for a few years...
Sometimes I practice it with some friends that I have in the states...
Sometimes I practice it with some of my friends in the States...
Please help me improve my English...
Please, I'd like to write better and know more vocabulary (:
I'd like to write better and know more vocabulary (:
Great DAY!
Hello, It's Felipe telling you what I've done again.
I hope I will not bore you.
In the morning, I got Dasne's phone call, asking me if we could hang out in the afternoon, of course I said yes (:.
In the afternoon, I did a lot with Dasne.
1st we drink a natural juice
2nd We went to the park to talk about our lives (:
3rd We went to the gym to work out a little bit LOL
4th We went to the mall to have an ice cream, "A huge ice cream" :D
5th We played a lot of games hahahaa 
I really had a great time...
I hope we can repeat it....
MANY THANKS
Today
Hello...
I've just woken up ...
It's 13:06 pm here.
It's 13:06 here. or better:It's 1:06 p.m. here. 
I'm a little lazy...
I don't like to wake up earlier, because I'm on vacation...
I don't like to wake up early, because I'm on vacation...
and I'm having a great time.
Today...
in the afternoon, I'm going to travel to Santiago (Chile) with brother and tomorrow I'm going to meet with a friend who I've known for 4 years , besides, I'm going to visit my sister and my niece.
I'm going to travel to Santiago (Chile) today with my brother, and tomorrow I'm going to meet with a friend who I've known for 4 years. Besides that, I'm going to visit my sister and my niece.
Tomorrow night, I will write a new post of the things I've done...
THANK YOU!
18-01-2011
I woke up so early, because I ought to meet with a friend and her cousin for having an sport morning.
We went to the stadium, we run around it, after we went to the park and to the hills of the park, then we went to the machines for working out a little bit (:
It was a nice morning.
My kindest regards for Omar, Mon , Mari & obviously for ZOE (:
Thank you all Guys!
Hi
This is the first time I use lang-8
I am really exited about this sns
What I am waiting from all this, it is to improve my english and japanese skills...
and of course make many friends.
Sorry if I made some mistakes but just for today I'll write from my celphone hahaha and it is pretty difficult to write.
Have a good time.
A very exhausting day
Just like any other weekend I woke up, took a shower, and ate my breakfast.
Just like any other weekend I woke up, took a shower, and ate my breakfast.
Today I had a flight to Mexico City , because I took a few days off from work, and I decided to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.
Today, I had a flight to Mexico City, because I took a few days off from work, and I decided to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.
Today I had a flight to Mexico City , because I took a few days off from work to visit my family in Chiapas, Mexico.
So I have this flight first thing of the morning, I came with extra time to the airport, but the airline people...
So, I had to fly first thing in the morning. I came on time to the airport, but the airline people
So I had this flight first thing in the morning, and I arrived at the airport with extra time, t, but the airline people...
I don't really know, I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose...
(I don't know, I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose)
(I don't really know I guess they are retarded or just stupid on purpose...)
any way they sent me to the wrong hall, so I realized about this fact and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and this is WHAT THEY TOLD ME????...
sent me to the wrong hall. I realized about this , and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and WHAT THEY TELL ME????...
anyway they sent me to the wrong hall, so I realized this and I asked them if that was my flight (like 3 times) and do you know WHAT THEY SAID ME????...
"Yeah, this is your flight. Wait here until we call you to get on board..."
-"Yeah, this is your flight, wait here until we call you to get board..."
"OK," I said,
"but are you really sure about it?
Because this doesn't seem the right hall. And
I understand that you have more flights to other parts of the country, so I hope you aren't sending me to Monterrey, Tijuana, or something like that."
I understand that you have more flights to other parts of the country, so I hope you aren't sending me to Monterrey, Tijuana or something like that"
"Damn, Didn't you hear me? This is the right place, so wait for your turn."
-"Damm, Didn't you hear me? This is the right place so wait for your turn"
-"...
:S"
I waited and waited until some passengers started to be impatient in the hall, and started to ask the same questions I did a while ago.
I waited and waited until some passengers became impatient in the hall and started to ask the same questions.that I had asked a while ago.
And...
Oh!
surprise! because of them (the airline people) I lost my flight.
Surprise! Because of them (the airline) I lost my flight.
Surprise! Because of them (the airline) I lost my flight.
Also, half of the passengers hahahahaha XD. The exhaustion of the day wasn't because of waiting for the reimbursement of my ticket, and going on the noon, it was dealing with their ineptitude.
Half of the passengers lost theirs too hahahahaha XD. The exhaustion of the day wasn't the fact of waiting for the reimbursement of my ticket until noon, it was dealing with their ineptitude.
Lesson...
Go to the airport 1 1/2 hours before the flight and ask them 5 times to be sure, hahahahaha.
I wish all of you have a good weekend ;)